_id,text
175868446,"Hello coconut_oil, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about nutritional therapy on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=&query=%22nutritional+t... We hope this helps! TeamInspire"
175868447,"An interesting one happened today. I was working out some financial math and I became too nervous to include the phrase ""unexpected expenses."" A hospital bill or funeral would definitely qualify, so I became afraid that if I wrote it down and accounted for that in my calculations, I would be consenting to those things happening in my life. I'm still a little rattled. I thought it was interesting because this is probably one of the bigger stretches of logic and ideas that I've ever made. (I'm long past the post _USER_ID_ window and I didn't see any rule against double-posting, please correct me if I'm wrong.)"
175868448,"That's a suggestion! I agree. Unless you can find a way to get more time off or to adequately recharge after a day of work, it's definitely the most obvious solution. Waiting tables gave me a nervous breakdown. It was the constant turnover of new faces, all expecting something in the way of unfettered engagement. I still work in a capacity that could be considered customer service, but I've had the same clients for several years, and they've learned not to expect too much from me in the way of conversation or attention to anything other than my work. I am assuming a cable guy would have a hard time staying on a regular route because cable doesn't require much maintenance, unless it's Optimum Is there a desk job available in the company you work for?"
175868449,"You want to be a financial advisor, not an author. It is okay to have weak areas. Odds are, once you leave university you’ll never write an essay again as long as you live."
175868450,"I am having very ruff time, but glad i get to talk to you all in here… this talking is keeping me sane."
174323197,"Sorry for the late reply. I’ve been put on clozapine at a dosage of 75 mg at morning and 75 mg at night. It’s working for the most part. I don’t like that I sleep in as it I noticed it does that to me. I don’t plan on being on clozapine for the rest of my life. However, if I do, I’ll accept it and continue to take it. I really hope I can recover to the point where I can take abilify, or olanzapine, or any other antipsychotic with less harsh side effects than clozapine. I still feel I have a long way to go."
175868452,"I watched the video. She had a lot of nice things to say, I wish her luck."
175868453,It’s a good thing I saved my bottles of Thorazine when I stopped it a couple months ago Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175868454,"My heart goes out to you. Question: if u take him home until _PERSON_ is over, can he go back? As hard as it is right now, it is temporary (well sure hope) and sounds like Long term ,it is best he is there. It will pass. Tell him this will pass. It sucks though, I didn't see my son at all (he is 22) for Seven weeks as he was in a ward ,then transitional housing. No visiting at all. Hugs."
175868455,Happy for you!
175868456,That’s really cool. Do you keep your hair long or short?
175868457,"Maybe find better meds or find a job where you can work at home. I also have negative symptoms and my brothers suggested me to buy things in big quantities from China and then sell them online. They have friends doing this as a second job. For me I have less negative symptoms on meds that are partial dopamine agonists, Abilify, Rexulti, Vraylar and I think _PERSON_ too."
175868458,"Hi _PERSON_, I can't comment on the medical part. But few things which helped me to contain my anger are: 1) Say to yourself you are not the boss in the situation and nothing has to happen as you dictate. Most of the time at the spur of the moment we want everything to happen as we want. If it doesn't - we get super angry and show it on others. And if you want the intensity to be bigger, you will behave more maniac. 2) Write down the conflict points. Why you usually get angry?. And write the responses. Next time when that conflict happens go back to your predefined response which is acceptable to you and others too. Don't think anything but this pointer when you go to that situation. Hmm, I will add if I remember any others."
175868459,I have an English degree and barely scraped by in school. Good luck with your grades this semester!
175868460,"It’s still on the left for me, on phone and laptop."
175868461,"EurekAlert! Scientists use genetic engineering to explore mechanisms involved in... The research group created a virus capable of acting on specific adult brain regions, helping to elucidate the role of key neurons in the prefrontal cortex. They tested the technique on mice."
175868462,"hi I suffer from anxiety disorder and I don't have a cope strategy . I try meditation, meds, talk therapy and still I don't get through the day. how do u deal with that"
175868463,"I am 25 and I get the same questions asked to me "" why arn't you with someone?. why havon't you had a kiss?"" I'm not interested in relationships even if someone was interested in someone who dropped out of school and now spends her days sat in a chair eating junkfood, I'm not. I want to be alone and I think that's fine as for the whole being lost thing, it's a tough one because it's something only that person can answer. I would call myself ""lost"", defenetly. I am not happy in my life, and have asumed for so long that happyness is somewhere, but I just can't find it- weather that's because I don't know what I want (I don't know), or if my expectations are just impossible (such as living in a world with no expensis, and magic), I don't know. maybe a bit of both you wrote: Life is a meaningless game to procreate and die. I agree with this statement that life is meaningless, and I have always struggled with this.. you could be the most successfull, kindest, most happiest person in the world, yet a
t the end of it.. does it matter?. it's all taken away from you when your time on this earth is up. seems a bit unfair that sometimes the people who don't enjoy/ get anything out of life have to live the longest, but that's just the way it is I guess"
175868464,What medium and substrate may I inquire? Beautifully done.
175868465,I have been taking paliperidol for 9 months but the side effects are disgusting. These are: Insomnia Not wanting to wash/bath Blurry vision Body getting tired very easily Emotional numbness No smile No tears Low mood to name but a few. I will not be taking this medication again. I will post after every month on my progress to see if the side effects go away.
175868466,Feeling pretty decent. Did some stuff today. Nothing terribly productive though.
175868467,"No, music is noise. Not good for migraines."
175868468,"The root of the problems; In the normal mode,man used to take medicine to get rid of the symptoms of real disease,in the meantime he can practice many human behaviors such as Thinking,Imagination,Recalling memories,Practicing work,Or being preoccupied with seeing movies,listening to music…etc without occupied himself to treating the disease or its symptoms by his personal behavior,because it is the responsibility of the medication But in the case of sz ,it is a particular condition from all aspects,whereas taking treatment,whatever the kind,dose and duration of treatment gives an improvement in the ability to tolerate the bad effects of the symptoms Without removing the body of hallucination permanently from the human basic nature The present of the hallucination in the personal conscious state and its coexistence with the individual’s thoughts /feelings and behavior responses moment by moment most period time of wakefulness day by day (whatever the improvement in the resistance of symptoms) IS 
what causes the endless suffering and complains With the sz,The individual can not practicing his human behaviors during the treatment such as thinking,imagination,working ,reading …etc like he does when he suffers from any organic disease ,this is the root of his problem DO you understand what we said ?"
175868469,Sounds wonderful. Living the dream.
174323912,"I get this. I am diagnosed with schizoaffective also. I’ve been hospitalized at least 20 times for the following symptoms: paranoia, suicidal ideation, suicide attempts, mania, disorganization. I get relapses here and there., about every 10 years. I’ve learned that symptoms increase with a big change, like graduation, moving, or the onset of a pandemic. This past March I had grandiose ideas that resulted in a stay at the local hospital. It was a week long stay, and I got onto better. Meds. No relapses since. I talk to a cognitive therapist to help keep me organized. My dialectical behavioral therapist has helped me validate my emotions. I long for a better organized brain though. I think my dbt therapist herself is disorganized. But I’m grateful for what I have, My advice to you for your relationship with your daughter is to be there for her and to validate her. Weird things happen in schizoaffective. I commend you your concern."
175868470,"The extended crawl toward death with cancer is torture...both for the people with cancer and those watching them suffer. I’m glad I came to visit my family because I’m not sure how much time either my mom or sister have, it could be months. My mom can barely stand. She didn’t even stand to greet me when I first arrived. We pushed her around the garden center for a little while so she picked out the plants for this planter. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
175868471,"If there a person who suffers from involuntary laughing without the existence of stimuli of one of the daily life events that could happen in the surrounding environment ? If there is someone who complains about the living conditions,because of the feeling that the improvement that occurs for him at all levels is developing very slowly and is not enough to enjoy the pleasures of life as other people do ? If there is someone who suffer from uttering some disgraceful words and defective movements in front of a gathering of people? then the person decides after the accident he did not know how he did it ?"
174324060,I was diagnosed with schizophrenia in 2005 due to psychotic symptoms. I was last hospitalized in 2006 for psychotic symptoms and it is now 2019 and my diagnosis has officially been changed to schizoaffective. I don't hear voices nor visually hallucinate or show any other psychotic symptoms and I have not for a long time. I show more symptoms of bipolar disorder but less severe than bipolar. On most days I'm angry stressed or irritable. I'm at times paranoid. My last episode of paranoia was because I recently lost a family pet. My cat. And our other cat went missing for 24 hours. I spent the past few weeks paranoid that my family were killing the cats as we're between places living in an RV. I was thinking they were plotting to kill the cats so we can get an apartment. My main symptoms are irritability. Hostillity. Paranoia occasionally. And thoughts of suicide or suicidal ideation almost daily. Why am I diagnosed this way? To me the symptoms don't add up. The irritability is constant. It is almost d
aily. I'm very confused.
175868472,Thats life… …1617181
175868473,"_PERSON_ had this before, and more lately, although I don't think I'm stpd I know where you're coming from and relate to some of the things said in this thread. The main one is if I haven't had enough sleep and I feel my body is like a balloon, which then induces feelings of panic until I can snap out of it. idk."
175868474,"Hi. I am new to this site. I suffer from depression, anxiety, trauma and I may also have a borderline personality disorder . I am a 53 year old female who is looking for a support group. Do you think anyone or anything is available to help me? Thank you!"
175868475,"This Is What It Feels Like to Have a Bipolar Manic Episode Bipolar runs in my family, but I didn't know that when I had my first manic episode. You no doubt can identify with this day in the life. Read about this topic here: https://www.healthline.com/health/what-a-bipolar-manic-episode-feels-like?utm_source=Sailthru%20Email&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=bipolar#1"
175868476,This is the best way. Fast weight loss has always (in my life experience) been correlated with mania/psychosis.
175868477,"_AT_MENTION_ thank you very much. I have a hard time fitting in anywhere. And I will not take for granted the good, humble wishes of a right-now stranger. It seems like I've gone through some ringer. I need a little comfort and talk from someone who has been there. Some wise and understanding person who only has goodness in their heart to wish me well."
175868478,Thanks for sharing your experience . I dunno if I’ll try it but it was nice of you to share something you’ve had some success with.
175868479,"This is perfectly normal. Sexual libido comes and goes with me and I sometimes feel like it is more of a chore to keep a relationship going and other times it's perfectly natural. Maybe it's a case by case basis but I will happily flirt or tease but if one thing happens it can change the course of how I behave which leaves people confused and possibly hurt. I'm not sure exactly what trips this action but sometimes I feel really overwhelmed and I can't explain it so I'll run away or just go a bit catatonic if I feel cross questioned. Other times, it's just not there. Maybe for months. It's gone as long as a year or more. And this is not something to do with self confidence as I will happily be naked and have no issues around that as this has happened with people I have been intimate with before in a much more aggressive manner. -- Sun Jul 05, 2020 11:36 am -- Additionally, I would like to add, that perhaps it's not my libido that dissipates but more of my will to share intimacy with another. It does 
also seem to switch between overdrive and under drive but as I said, even in overdrive something can trigger it to stop. Sometimes even half way through."
175868480,Also someone posted an article here a while ago about how ap block dopamine in the pancreas and cause weight gain.
175868481,That is a harsh issue to deal with. The medication might be helping you. Seems like your symptoms are declining.
175868482,"It’s difficult enough dealing with episodes of depression, mania and hypomania. It’s made even worse when imagined emotional and somatic symptoms inhibit treatment. Yet these imagined ailments, indicators of hypochondria, are common in those of us with bipolar disorder. Hypochondria during mania, when feelings of self-esteem and invincibility are high, is rare, although imagined illnesses or threats may spike as manic episodes end. During hypomania or depression hypochondria is much more common. Perhaps for this reason, people with bipolar disorder 2, who are more prone to hypomania and depression, are more likely to exhibit hypochondria than people with BP 1, who experience more mania. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/01/hypochondria-and-bipolar-disorder/"
175868483,exercise works wonders. keep it up!
175868484,"Good morning everyone. I woke up in a so-so mood but after journaling for awhile, I feel much better than that. Lately, I've been including a gratitude section in my journal entries and it really helps me keep a perspective about things. However, I am feeling a bit anxious after being triggered this morning. I had my T appointment yesterday and it went fine. We talked a lot about the benefits of DBT which I practice daily most of the time. This afternoon/evening my sister will be over for dinner and either a movie or a TV show. (We've been watching SHitts Creek a lot) Even though I'm not working (I wish I was) I still feel excitement when Friday rolls around and I'm feeling that now. I guess it's from years of working and school that has conditioned me to feel that way. Of course, I always get together with my sister on Fridays which I look forward to. Hang in there today _PERSON_"
174324744,"What are you taking Violet46? I'm taking Sarcosine and L-Theanine. Not sure if they lower my anxiety, maybe a bit of placebo benefit. That's good news you're more productive with your practical tasks."
175868485,"Ok, I walked the dog. but I was about to faint"
175868486,"Hi _PERSON_, So sorry this happy time in your life is being overshadowed with intense anxiety. I actually had my first panic attack soon after giving birth. Not in the hospital, when I got home. I believe it has to do with your body readjusting. For 9 months you were sharing your body and blood with another human being that is no longer in there. Our hormones are all over the place. Fluids are being expelled throwing off your electrolytes, etc. Did the doctor give you a little something (xanax) to get you over this bump in the road? Try to take deep breathes and focus on the joy of your handsome baby boy. Wishing you peace. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175868487,Did you finish it yet?
175868488,"Well, some people think so: https://www.one-mind-one-energy.com/connected.html However, some people also think the Boston Tea Party involved cake and croquet."
175868489,Go to the store and get an over the counter sleep aid maybe?
175868490,I’m thinking of bonsai too. I’m searching online
175868491,Dont you gonna have fishes
175868492,"I don't have any experience with this, but I'm just dropping in to give a friendly reminder that if you're not discussing this with your doctor, please do. I've tried to ween myself off medication before and it didn't work. Made my life a living hell, physically and mentally."
175868493,very nice =) 151515
175868494,I'm re-reading the Twilight saga by _NAME_. Don't judge. It's a guilty pleasure lol
175868495,I'm so sorry that you are enduring such suffering.
175868496,I was convinced a friend of mine was an actor who had been manipulating me and my group of friends into trusting them fraudulently
175868497,"Thanks everyone! Im so happy that everyone thinks I can do it, I had a meeting yesterday at work about pursuing a doctorate and they were like “If you really wanna know one subject really truly well, do a phd thesis”. It was a great info meeting and makes me wanna do a physics phd at a university in Marseille But not now I gotta get well again first for sure. A phd is no joke. But a great thing is they actually pay you a salary to be a phd here, not much but something"
175868498,"I count on that phone call, reminding me."
175868499,"I'm sorry you are experiencing this! It is not fair to you, you should feel wanted and cared for. I am the type of person who also puts everyone first and I sometimes forget about myself. Sometimes you got to put yourself first and do what is good for you. Take some self care time if you can and do something you enjoy!"
175868500,"Rog3.... i don't understand what you said in your 2 posts. And after not understanding and being paranoid i find myself trying to read between the lines too, but i got nothing. Can you reexplain what you were trying to say?"
174325480,My son has schizophrenia and I'm looking for help and answers.
175868501,"If I can afford it I will give a person like that a few dollars, but you have to be careful when you do that, because they might want you to give them more to get cigarettes, beer, or whatnot. There really isn’t much you can do for a person like that. They say that older people really get preyed on when they live on the street. When I was staying in the downtown YMCA this guy was following this old man back to his room and robbing him at knife point. I don’t think it is a wise thing to do to try to protect the victims when you’re on the street."
175868502,"I can see your intentions are very good, but you have to be sensible at the same time. Having 4 special needs children is way too much for you right now. Even under normal circumstances, couples that take on that kind of responsibility support each other and have the time and money to do that. And usually get help from other friends or relatives. I just don't see this working out. Sorry to be blunt, but your husband is being very inconsiderate and insensitive. He may not like his job, but that's not your fault. I think all of us at one time have had a job we didn't like. He needs to be straightened out on a few things. Don't let anyone treat you like that, you deserve a lot of support, that's what partners are suppose to do. And this must be an awfully scary time for you."
175868503,"I can relate. I want a relationship but not at the cost of having a bad one. And at this time in my life that is all I see around me. So I am actually content with not being with someone. People still have to judge me about it. A lot of people imho do so because they have put a relationship or sex up on a pedestal as an achievement for themselves. And, if you don't value it as a major achievement, it lessens theirs. They don't give a crud about you, they want you to be in a relationship to make their sacrifice more important. Some believe that life is not about reproduction, rather it is about being able to impact the world. That we are all matter and energy and matter and energy itself cannot ""think"" or ""suffer"" so it has created a life form that can do that. Each part of this energy gets to be in human (or cat or dog) form and impact the universe with their mind and also learn to experience things so that when it returns to energy form... those experiences are passed on. Like an ocean that ha
s been divided up into cups. Having sex or being married is one experience out of billions. Your experience is just as valuable to the collective as any other."
175868504,"I had one and a half year without depressive symptoms thanks to Isocarboxide (MAO-inhibitor) It was a miracle drug, but the effect decreased slowly and no ADs besides MAOI have ever worked for me."
175868505,What is anosognosia?
175868506,if ur symptoms let you do some breathing excercise and run every morning… add a juices and veggies in ur meal …
175868507,I wish they got rid of both negative and positive symptoms too. It’s year 2021 and still all we get are horrible meds.
175868508,clinicaltrialsarena.com _NAME_ Neurosciences' roluperidone fails in Phase III study It’s a pity it failed phase 3 trials.
175868509,I’ve very distracted from work. I had a meeting and I haven’t gotten anything else done. Just surfing Facebook and chatting with work friends. Even they are growing tired of me because they have their own work to do. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175868510,"131220 AEDT I wrote on the Sydney NA Whats'app group: ""Since the job at castle hill, I have spent the last 12 weeks showing them that they are not the Bandidos, who the online porn was for, and they have been telling me that I am going to get shot because I am a pedophile (they say). SO I have realized, that since they hate pedophiles so much, that within 2 months of today (2210 AEDT), there will be no more female schizophrenics, since they care so much about little girls, and teenage girls."" Then.... 141220 1059: I got them all! The ones that reposted it could have deleted their re-posts. And he didn't know it was me. ""one of them mentiones _NAME_"" no it doesn't ""yes it does"" how do you know that...... I've got all your phone numbers ...And now I know all or 100% of the subset of Freemasons"
175868511,Are you from Australia? And welcome!
175868512,Its really great. It helps me slow down and really think about things.
175868513,"Have not found a book about it... have not really looked. I just started researching this a while ago.... see if you can find something. And if I come across one I’ll make sure to let you know. There is a good amount of reading material out there tho. Even without a book.... good luck my friend and take your down time to process things... that it what I understand about myself now. And it helps. Some. But also, I realize that ppl generally don’t understand.... and just think you are over,y sensitive.... so stay away from those. We make up for about 20% of the population. Like they say it is not a condition but a personality trait.,and it’s real. I guess you will learn as you go along..... and for myself I just understand when I have to step back... and take a distance. Not easy, because it is the way we are built. Our neurological make up is probably just easily (over) stimulated so we need to honor that! Good luck my young friend. “Talk” again soon! Xoxo"
175868514,"Maybe that's why people who spend a lot of time alone are labeled as eccentric. I always start dressing rather bizarrely when I have been single (and isolated socially) for a long time but people seem to like it and comment. Presently I have a pair of snakeskin patterned Doc _PERSON_ I wear when I go out...and lots of young people (and some older, too) compliment me on them. And I am not young! Their purchase was the direct result of spending too much time online shopping! The other day the young guy who makes the sandwiches at Subway said, ""I like your boots!"" and as I was walking out he said, ""No, make that...I love your boots!"" I stopped, turned around, vogued a bit and smiled. I didn't say a word. I was taken by surprise. I think the OP made some wonderful points. If I may make my own interpretation...society at large is too dense, shallow, and dumbed down to appreciate special, subtle, and often wildly talented individuals. In the make believe society as portrayed in Star Trek...there woul
d be a place for empaths and other individuals who communicated on more subtle levels. But our present society is too crude and badly formed. That why I love _NAME_. He kind of makes fun of that fact...and in the BBC Sherlock he and his equally brilliant brother refer to most people as ""goldfish."" We non-verbals (I tend to talk about quarter as much as the average person) need to assert ourselves subtly and make tiny waves. I do this with my clothes and jewelry. I am not so out there that I would stop people on the street...but I use fashion and person style as a form of expression. I don't have SPD but I can relate to the Op so decided to comment. Hope that's okay."
175868515,"I guess it's still pretty basic AI and it doesn't provide the complexity and conformity to what would be required to create a scenario that people would find comforting. Although, I do have a biker mate who gets genuinely angry with _USER_ID_ when it doesn't do what he's expecting and he starts berating it like a child. I bought it for him; as entertainment it's already paid for itself. No one listens to kids but they very rarely come up with nonsense; it's mostly just a failure for adults to remember what communication as a child is like."
175868516,"It's not healthy behavior no matter what. It's like he holds grudge but won't fix the issue, whatever that is. It's all on him to fix it. But you can challenge and ask for explanations, and that's what I would do. It should have been done after a few days. It's the type of behavior you don't want to allow or ""reward"" in any way. See, people that are ""overwhelmed"", just like any emotions, it is fixed by grooming for those that can't deal with it, and that implies connections with others. So doing what he or she does is conterproductive, it just makes things worst, so it is a vicious cycle. There is a reason people ""talk"" about problems, it's part of the grooming in a way. Well that's my opinion, you do what you want."
175868517,"Plants are awesome. I have a bonsai plant - it is interesting. I also think it improves the ambiance of my room. It is not that hard to take care of, though some bonsai plants are."
175868518,"Yes, I’m not able to drive now. I will tell them to come and pick me up."
175868519,"Right now much of the world is at standstill. I’ve recently written some posts on how to cope, and on how to keep busy during the lockdown. However, it’s also completely ok if you are not able to do much during this time. We are all going through a lot right now. It’s a scary time, and it is affecting people in different ways. Your routine may have changed. You may be worried about yourself and about loved ones. You may be out of work. You may be a key worker, helping to keep the world going even through these worrying times. You may be facing financial, mental or physical challenges. Your struggles are completely valid, each and every one of you. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2020/04/its-completely-ok-to-be-unproductive-during-lockdown/"
175868520,"Hi, Are there any psychoactive drugs that are suitable for schizoid treatment?"
175868521,"I've heard lots of sole searching thoughts on this topic which bothers many on disability?????? It also bothered me until a friend who was a finance professor said to say this........ "" Why do you need to know?"" This in simplicity is the best answer I can think of.......... I used to think everybody had my best interests at heart but in reality this is not the case! I have lived experience with _PERSON_, - 70 years old and have had several full time careers........"
175868522,start slowly … I used to have lot of negative symptoms before … i started deep breathing excercise and i walk on trade mill … it has help my symptoms to improve but gradually … see physio as soon as possible…
175868523,"The sad part is, because opioids have been so badly abused in recent years, there’s people who really need it that get denied When they took a steel plate and screws out of my arm, my nurse practitioner at the time refused to prescribe anything. All they had to do was go through the attending doctor that oversees nurse practitioners, but he refused to do it. Bloody ridiculous"
175868524,"I get extra time, I’m not making any use of it though because I just don’t know what I’m doing most of the time. I’ve tried to read how to write essays (my weakest skill) and it’s not materialising. The comments/feedback regularly says superficial understanding or nonsensical writing. I’ve put effort into these pieces as well, makes it harder to stomach."
175868525,Untitled6761078×628 6.9 KB
174327155,"Hello, My son is not accepting his diagnosis of Schizophrenia and left our house to live on his own. He is living in a private dorm paying everything on a credit card and has no income. We want him to come home, but he wont respond to our text or phone calls. How do we help him? We are open to all thoughts thank you"
175868526,"_NAME_ candidly spoke about her bipolar disorder diagnosis in a recent episode of Bright Minded, a celeb-filled Instagram Live series produced by _NAME_ to help promote mental and spiritual well-being during social distancing. In the 20-minute discussion with _NAME_, _PERSON_ stated that after years of going through “a lot of different things” she realized that she was Bipolar. The realization prompted her to seek help at McLean Hospital, a Harvard affiliated institution in Boston, where the diagnosis was confirmed. While self-diagnosis is a bit problematic, _PERSON_’s continued self-awareness of her fluctuating mental status has been key in her road to an accurate diagnosis and treatment. “I went to one of the best mental health hospitals in America, McLean Hospital and I discussed that after years of going through a lot of different things, I realized I was bipolar.” – _PERSON_ https://blogs.psychcentral.com/celebrity/2020/04/_NAME_-opens-up-about-bipolar-disorder-diagnosis/"
175868527,"Ordered aromatherapy oil, a candle, and flowers. I was looking for crystal too but nothing looked good. Just trying to make my physical surroundings comfortable."
175868528,really how haha
175868529,I’ve actually participated in a talk hosted by her. She’s a fabulous speaker.
175868530,"I do not have PPD. I have never had a child but I do plan on it one day. I feel that the _USER_ID_ is there because those who have not gone through it just don't understand. I am a college student going into the helping field and I would really like to break down the barriers and get everyone to understand that we all go through different things and no one should be judged for it. If everyone would just help one another and support each other we might be able to beat just about anything. I love your story and it was not too long it was actually very informative. I really appreciate everything you said and if you ever need a friend to talk to, I'm here."
175868531,If you are Bipolar or are Schizoaffective... and have _USER_ID_ _USER_ID_ does mindfulness sessions... check it out! Simply say... _USER_ID_ do headspace! This really does help in more ways than you are aware of atm... _PERSON_
175868532,"Today is a little better for me. I set a goal to do my self-care today. I've done that. Next, I want to open the Chewy box with the cat food and cat toys. I just ordered my cats some fun stuff. It will be good for me to watch them play. Plus _PERSON_ been wanting some wet food."
175868533,That’s not good. What PRN do you take?
175868534,"I see no responses to your question so far. I don't think I've ever heard of ""heart personality disorder"". Might there be a ""borderline personality disorder"" support group somewhere online that could be helpful? Maybe someone soon will chime in here for more help."
175868535,"I’d love to try Vraylar, sadly my insurance doesn’t cover it. Is there a generic available or not yet?"
175868536,I cannot get an order to that in this state unless she threatens harm to herself or others.
175868537,Yes your right sun. I'm learning about being more mindful. I've read some info on it. _PERSON_ about my family. It truly hurts that they don't even try to get me and my illness. I have many wonderful friends who support and love me. Don't know what I would do without them. Have a blessed day! Hugs and love back to you...
175868538,"I want to reconsider my bias against self-care. The increasing restrictions and disruptions we must now follow have broken my routine, and I’m worried about myself. Adhering to a routine is crucial to living well with bipolar disorder. Mine was so strict as to seem monastic. Following it was one of the key ways I cared for myself. I don’t usually write about self-care. In fact, most of what I read about self-care is bunk. I believe the best way to care for ourselves is to care for others, and too much time spent focusing on ourselves can aggravate feelings of alienation. But suddenly the house is full of other people and my routine has been shattered. This has just started, and with each day’s news cycle it appears that it will be a long time before any of us can return to the routines that have served us so well. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/03/my-routine-has-been-broken-thats-trouble/"
175868539,"I'm a 28 years old female virgin without any friends. I always hated any social events (parties, concerts, weddings ...) and always made bad excusses to avoid them. At this point, I don't even care if people know that they are just bad excusses. When I was about 18 y old, I realized I never really liked any of my friends, so I ditched them all, and never regreted it. Despite the fact that I like spending most of my time alone, there is someone I liked romanticaly. I don't want to get into too much details about that, but I guess my question is: Is it possible that someone would accept schizoid woman like me, and be able to love her, without wanting her to change? And without trying to force her to do thing she doesn't want to? (like seeing other people)"
175868540,"You have some good stuff there. One thing for trust, is to show vulnerability, but not too much obviously. If they think they have something on you, they are more likely to trust. You don't want to show too much competence either, it would raise their suspicion and insecurity of course. You can do the first one by laughing at yourself, so you kill two birds with one stone. You want to play the dumb guy that does not get it when they say something terrible and horrific, so you can laugh there as well. I don't know why you would want to live like that, but I've seen it work real well for trust and the laughing thing."
174326296,I'm not too sure. My main symptom is psychotic rage. I think I feel a little calmer but it may be a placebo effect. I've also increased my daily exercise significantly so maybe that helps too.
175868541,i hope you feel better soon… sucks to have a bad day =/
175868542,Now if I could only persuade my wife to get a once a month shot.....
174326744,"Hello barbaraviolet, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate your taking the time to introduce yourself to your community and hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! We also wanted to let you know that our partner for this community may have more information about this situation so we have provided their contact information below. SARDAA Phone: (800) 493-2094 _EMAIL_ www.SARDAA.org We hope this helps in your search for answers. Thank you again for sharing! TeamInspire"
175868543,"For some reason, I don’t want to own or play a piano or keyboard unless it has 88 keys. Just me."
175868544,So true. _PHONE_NO_
175868546,I have been hearing voices since my adolescence. I don't think they'll ever go away and I'm counting on taking meds for the rest of my life. I'm 48 now.
174326871,"Higher as it runs in your family and you have mental illness. What age were the members of your family diagnosed with Schizophrenia? I am now officially diagnosed as Schizoaffective (depression) eliminating my previous personality disorders and confusing the epilepsy dx. But first psychotic episode started at 23. It's only worsened since then to the point of not being able to differentiate reality from hallucinations or paranoia. I also had severe childhood hallucinations. I wouldn't be too scared of it. It is not like back in the day. Medication goes a long way if you do ever get it and as you haven't had any symptoms yet, if you do ever get it hopefully it won't be serious. As with everything in life, you adjust. I've adjusted to dissociation and depersonalization. I've adjusted to all types of hallucinations. Paranoia can be hard to deal with but working through it and I accept that my life is the way it is. Try not to live in fear x"
175868547,"Very interesting posting upon this page, a couple of observations I have made over the years, is that what most victims/sufferer's think of in terms of actual thoughts is in fact whats referred to as Sub-Vocalisation, it's what we say to ourselves when we read or talk in our heads. Most people term this as Thought's though what they are really thinking of is this. Also most bodily thoughts and actions are non vocal like moving a hand or stretching an arm out, these would not be broadcast-able transmissions as they are just nerve synapses carrying small electric bolts around the internal body. Some would then say how would the broadcasting work, I have read and watched a few YouTube shills/groomers put across the idea of BAN wireless systems or Body,Area,Networks. Just think of Bluetooth, or a localised transmission station using GSM systems. Also more everyday examples would be the remote for your garage doors or car, or your contact-less card payments at the cash till. Even with a vague understand
ing of how these things work I am like most on here still at a lost to pin point exactly what is occurring within myself and others. It maybe a good idea to someday collate all of our accounts and any proof or test results included to investigate it professionally."
175868548,"Take it from someone who knows all about rage, you’ve got to get your feet back on the ground man I hope you have a counsellor or someone you can talk to, who will walk through it with you"
175868549,"My mother understands me. My father wants me to do things, doesn’t comprehend the situation, thinks i am lazy etc. He is toxic person. Nothing good comes out of his mouth."
175868550,"Hello Kare_Cheetah2, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for reaching out! We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about TOPIC. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: Anxiety Recovery https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=an... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself: https://www.mhanational.org/im-looking-mental-health-help-myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support: https://www.mhanational.org/recovery-support Mental Health America: DIY Tools: https://screening.mentalhealthamerica.net/diy In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression suppo
rt and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with TOPIC. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred https://www.inspire.com/groups/ifred-anxiety-and-depression/ We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175868551,Can you go to the hospital?
175868552,"Bipolar Disorder Bipolar disorders, or manic-depressive illness, is a group of disorders characterized by the presence of pronounced high-energy phases known as manic episodes. Typically, unusual shifts in mood and energy manifest in increased activity levels and impair ability to function. The impairment created by bipolar disorder can be severe and can result in damaged relationships, poor job or school performance, and even suicide. According to the National Institute of Mental Health, an estimated 4.4 percent of adults in the United States experience a bipolar disorder at some point in their lifetime. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/conditions/bipolar-disorder love and hugs - sun"
175868553,"I identify strongly with _NAME_ from the Fisher King. She never settled either but eventually here perfect Unhoused Hero comes along . . . Unfortunately, I don’t live in a movie and I won’t have a Hollywood ending."
174327766,"Hey what’s good? Yeah I actually have schizoaffective disorder with PTSD, also major depression and OCD obsessions. The ways I’ve coped, I don’t know your situation but what’s helped me is that it’s not my fault, that I didn’t deserve it. And that for me to heal, at least for me as a Christian, time doesn’t heal all things, forgiveness and letting go does. I’m still trying to figure out what forgiveness looks like for me especially when I can’t get an apology from my abusers yet however, with therapy, medications and just allowing yourself to really grieve. Like not all the time, but really allow yourself to feel your feelings about your trauma. I think talking about what your going through with a therapist or trusted family or friend can be really helpful. Also make sure your friends or family are understanding and affectionate towards your issues. A non-sympathetic person can make it so much worse. But yeah, another thing is, my memories can’t hurt me anymore. They’re just m
emories. Now I don’t discount their emotional or psychological pain but thank God that the past is Over. Now I can deal with my problems, and heal. Dealing with PTSD is never easy, but I have schizoaffective as well and often I have nightmares or hallucinate about my abusers. It’s terrifying. But what I do know, it does get better. Honestly, just keep telling yourself that your valuable, beautiful, wonderful human being who deserves the best that this world has to offer, and that your not any less valuable because of whats happened to you. Please make it your effort to love and be kind to yourself everyday. Your memories, yes they suck, but everyday is a new day to slowly let go, and to slowly heal. Day by day, thought by thought, and you are truly healing me just by sharing. I never thought somebody like me would be out there. Appreciate you Sky. This made me feel like I wasn’t alone. Thanks for being courageous. _NAME_"
175868554,They got us our shots very quickly at the assisted living center where I live. I think we were a priority population.
175868555,"Wrote this below over a year ago in a comment on a UCLA _NAME_ Presentation on Psychosis and CBT.......... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4edinfIt5QM&lc=Ugy2TXLuqP1mXyXxs... I've been in recovery from Sz since 1978 and doing well! I've always used an entrepreneurial approach of moving forward with experiential learning in a self directed way to not only enhance learning but to transform in emotion and behaviour to thoughts or reactions of mine. It seems, I was lucky to learn in therapy what seems to have been CBT without actually having a name for the processes. This experience is very deep seated and transformative. I now don't have voices, hallucinations or delusions. My psychiatrist recently retired and in his discharge said I don't have personality issues or a pathology and no apparent psychosis. I'm euthymic in mood. I'm very grateful to many.........."
175868556,This is even worse than when they switched it from the word “like” to just a heart that I keep missing when I try to click on.
175868557,Bipolar Disorder and Schizophrenia Part One https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcAC04uwDfw Bipolar Disorder and Schizophrenia Part Two https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uiyv3-BNs28
175868558,"Hello shamac, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about work and jobs in this community. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200306&query=job&sec=al... We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175868559,i had first shot of moderna last month… now the 26th i get second shot.
175868560,"Bipolar disorder is known for shifts in mood. People with the disorder go from manic or hypomanic to depression to remission in a mostly unpredictable pattern. These are just moods. They are not constant. They are not permanent aspects of a person’s personality. Recognizing personality traits consistent in those with bipolar disorder may be important to predicting the course and severity of their illness. New research has come closer to confirming that there are three personality traits that those with bipolar disorder tend to have more than the general population. There are hundreds of personality traits that can be used to describe a person. Are they adventurous or risk-aversive? What about innovative, intelligent, forgetful or disorganized? Rather than study each of the traits individually, psychologists have divided personality traits into five different categories, often called the Big 5 . These are extraversion, agreeableness, openness, conscientiousness and neuroticism. Each of these acts 
as an umbrella to the other hundreds of traits. A new study , led by _PERSON_ and published in BMC Psychiatry, sought to find if there are differences in personality traits not only between those with bipolar disorder and the general population, but also between those with bipolar I and bipolar II . They followed 110 people with bipolar I, 85 people with bipolar II and 86 healthy controls over a two-year period. To assess personality, they used the Swedish universities Scales of Personality (SSP). The SSP measures 91 items divided into 13 scales. Responses are rated from 1 (does not apply at all) to 4 (applies completely). The findings are summarized into three categories: neuroticism, aggressiveness and disinhibition. Read more here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-laid-bare/2017/05/3-personality-traits-found-in-those-with-bipolar-disorder/?li_source=LI&li_medium=popular17"
174327991,"After many years of human, or not human, I can not now ever fail to believe that humans are involved in my AVH (voices). If it's not them directly, then I do know what or who it is, but I am certain there are no other life forms in the universe. Since I cannot believe in Ghosts, Demons, Skincrawlers, Beings, Mind Control Experiments, Aliens, or any thing like them, I can only conclude that humans are responsible. That would explain to me why they so commonly work in shifts. I have copies of posts from various schizophrenia forums from as early as 2015, and in those days, un-moderated sometimes, the evidence implicating humans was much more graphic and direct. Accordingly, I have arrived at, deduced if you like, the following: If they say they are demons etc, say there is no such thing (which there isn't). Say ""you have a syphilitic type infection"": Parent disease: Sexually transmitted infection. And that's my conclusion. The voices are the responsibility of humans, who have some sort of organic b
rain disease as the result of a syphilitic type infection, and this is sufficient for them to avoid seeking medical intervention. Notwithstanding, the culpability, and profitability (either financial or psychological), of continuing to learn to utilise the side effects of their infection. Causes: Treponema pallidum. State - ""You don't necessarily have syphilis, but an infection that closely resembles it. Why don't you read some _PERSON_, such as 'On The Genealogy Of Morals' or 'Beyond Good & Evil', and notice the similarity between your statements and questions (what you say), and mine!"" [Ideally, the best way to prove this is for you (the schizophrenic), to keep or record 1st person transcripts, quote unquote what gets said between you and your voices (AVH)]. My voices (AVH) can't argue with this hypothesis. If I ever use ATS, my voices make pornography. One of my voices (_PERSON_) says she gets a commission for organizing them. Sometimes, if I purchase pornographic DVD's, I see people I have met in them, 
just as they say. I don't have prosopagnosia. This fact makes me want desperately to commit suicide. I was fertilized in a pornographic movie, and I hate it. I have seen the one, featuring my father, and two women, one is my mother. I do not approve, despite my behavior."
175868561,"I feel this way often. I have been embarrassed about it but I see them as vessels I put personality traits into. I often imagine myself doing things with them like tea parties or walking through fantasy landscapes. I do not imagine them to be my ancestors or that I am God. But I had to stop buying them because I felt like I would rather own a few I could give quality experiences to than many. I think I do this because even when I was a kid I was very lonely so I would look for characters and the inanimate to give life to instead of interacting with the real living beings around me. For real animals and people, I like people more now since they show more interest towards me and I like speaking and learning about them more as they present themselves to be complex. For animals, I like them from a far away perspective but I always found it strange i like my stuffed animals more than real animals. I think it is because they present themselves to be immortal and not as temporary or prone to loss as the r
eal animal. (Sorry i did not mean to resurrect this thread. I wonder if other people feel this though.)"
175868562,Very good!!!i like it
175868563,What is your worst symptom? Is it the voices?
175868564,One of _NAME_’s favorite activities in his free time was sewing. Probably because he worked as a child in the textile industry I also know how to sew. But I don’t have a machine. So I just Amazon basics all my ???? and call my house ‘cozy.’
175868565,"Hello, and welcome to the forums! I've been the one approving your posts, so I've been following the conversation. I don't know how it works in SPD (I'm surprised I'm not SPD, but I'm not), but that sounds an awful lot like someone who doesn't really want to leave, but needs to feel as if they're going through the motions of it. The PD they have might be demanding 'space', but it doesn't necessarily mean he wants to ditch your relationship. Edited to add I'd follow _PERSON_ advice!"
175868566,"What Is Pressured Speech? Pressured speech is commonly seen in people with bipolar; it’s part of mania. Learn more about this difficult symptom. Pressured speech is commonly seen as a symptom of bipolar disorder. When you have pressured speech, you have an extreme need to share your thoughts, ideas, or comments. It’s often a part of experiencing a manic episode. The speech will come out rapidly, and it doesn’t stop at appropriate intervals. It’s difficult to understand what’s being said during pressured speech. It’s also not possible to carry on a conversation because the person with pressured speech will not stop long enough for another person to speak. Read More here: https://www.healthline.com/health/bipolar-disorder/pressured-speech?utm_source=Sailthru%20Email&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=bipolar"
174328520,hi there thanks for reading my post I am not a schizophrenic I was assaulted by a telepathic person who is evil he gave me schizophrenia and Get this I hear voices off his star it is in the southwest he has the devil in him he is called _NAME_ brown from Renfrew Scotland please let meknow if you have been assaulted by him I currently take respiridone but this 6mg is not enough
175868567,I usually get a good 10 minutes and that's good. Most doctors don't spend that much time with their patients. I write things down that I want to address. However some psychiatrists are better than others. Try writing your concerns down for your next visit and see if your concerns are heard or questions answered.
175868568,I've been having trouble sleeping. Tonight is no different. It's impacting my energy level and making it difficult to do things. I will try to get more sleep later.
175868569,"_NAME_ NEUROSCIENCES, INC _NAME_ Neurosciences Announces the Results of the Phase 3 Trial of... The Investor Relations website contains information about _NAME_ NEUROSCIENCES, INC 's business for stockholders, potential investors, and financial analysts."
175868570,Great job! Looks nice.
175868571,I believe the health issues came from something else not the vaccine/because I felt lit. no symptoms or effects from both pfizer doses. I feel bad for thinking it was the vaccine…i kept thinking dont talk about vaccine dont talk about vaccine.
175868572,"I am not sure where to start. I have always struggled with depression, anxiety and substance abuse binging when trying to cope with trauma. I grew up in very abusive environments. That stayed with me into adulthood, got married and started a family at 20 years old. We had 3 kids and recently divorced after almost a decade together. I decided to leave the state that we were living in and move back home in order to get on my feet. Long story short a few months after getting adjusted here I decided to go on my first online date which ended up in a complete nightmare. I was severely beaten for hours, nearly killed. I am still in shock that I am here 3 months later. It has left me with a lot of physical damage which sucks to be in chronic pain but even worse is the mental aftermath. I don't know where to start. I am overwhelmed, I feel stuck and in a state of being traumatized which is leading to me being depressed, irrational, binge drinking, lack of sleep and eating, paranoid, moody, sad, all over the 
place basically. I figured I would try to find a forum or forums to reach out to other people for help, guidance or their experience to trauma and how they moved forward."
175868573,"Sorry to hear about the fall. I was having chest problems a few months ago and I had an appointment coming up in a few days with the heart doctor. Then a got phone call with a counselor from my psychiatrist's office. And she used to be a nurse and was telling me all of this stuff and I ended up concerned and jumped in the car and went to the ER. I waited 5 or 6 hours, due to the virus, and they found nothing more wrong. So I know the fear factor. And you can always go back to the ER. I went to Google also. Webmd.com said about signs of a concussion: Confusion or feeling dazed; Clumsiness; Slurred speech; Nausea or vomiting; Headache; Balance problems or dizziness; Blurred vision; Sensitivity to light; Sensitivity to noise; Sluggishness; Ringing in ears; Irritability or other behavior or personality changes; Difficulty concentrating Loss of memory; Fatigue or sleepiness; Loss of consciousness Forgetfulness such as repeating yourself; Slowed response to questions; Problems with sleep; Depression; Pro
blems with taste or smell Do you think that applies? Let us know what's going on with that."
175868574,"I guess you'm right. I personally have a kind of constant trauma from a lot of things, and a kind of disconnection, and if I will be treated with magical mushrooms or md then maybe there is a chance that I will get back to myself once upon a time, but I will still remain schizoid."
175868575,"Thank you for yr input. Yes, I know used more fir depression and of course worried about memory loss . Interesting but sad about the addiction, wmthat would really kill my mom heart . He trusts us and was told the procedure by the doc. He doesnt have the facility to grasp big issues :("
175868576,how to overcome negative symptoms and exercise?
175868577,It was to the left …
175868578,"God changes caterpillars into butterflies, sand into pearls and coal into diamonds using time and pressure. He's working on you too! ~ _NAME_ Be encouraged!"
175868579,Uh oh. So does this mean chicken isn’t a good idea?
175868580,"If your customers are reacting to you like you're a great conversationalist then you are, even if it took you practice. Maybe the effort of doing that is part of what's tiring you out? Your customers would probably be satisfied with ""attentive and polite"" rather than ""happy and engaged"". (That might be easier said than done.) I've always found talking to people on the phone much worse than talking face to face. I think the absence of body language makes it more effortful for me, not less."
175868581,"Meds never really help me. Its just like disorganized thinking, maybe different personalities, bad memory, anxiety."
175868582,I use the desktop view and the like button hasn’t moved. Its been on the right side and still is.
175868583,"Exactly, did things get better with your meds?"
175868584,"All medication has side effects, you have to balance what is working against the side effects. I have kidney disease from Advil so I can't take it anymore and I deal with pain. I take the smallest mg. of antipsychotics and the highest mg. of Lyrica and midrange mg. of Gabapentin for Fibromyalgia and I take the lowest mg. of a statin for high Cholesterol and so far no side effects. I praise God. Always pray and talk about your concerns to your Dr."
175868585,Yeah I start the iop next Monday but then I miss 3 days in Florida before I come back to iop
175868586,This doesn’t surprise me. My psychosis was triggered and became bad only because of the use of street drugs like cannabis - it isn’t legal here in the UK; at least not the form that is sold in the unregulated markets
175868587,"You need to help yourself! Even if getting some help affects your job, you still have to get help."
174329134,"I grew up with my mom who has schizophrenia and while I love her so much, my childhood was rough and I still struggle with many different things as an adult. I've never met anyone else who has a mentally ill parent. Can anyone relate to me, or do you know of any support groups for this kind of thing? Thank you."
175868588,"Hi I know the feeling , where I stay i must leave someone ,crime is very high enjoy your trip dear More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175868589,Mt pdoc does random drug testing. So does my pcp.
175868590,Can I ask what symptoms bothered you the most and how long it took to find the right combo of meds?
174328093,"In my experience hearing voices is nothing like any drug or daydream or hallucination as it's more like a reflection of what takes place upon social media, what I am forced to be exposed to would be like a very hateful Twitter storm by the worst troll's imaginable, and they just mob up a take turns to cannibalize the unwitting host. In my understanding of HV it's uncanny like being Gang Stalked and Electronically Harassed and nothing like what the Doctors or service providers say's. It can be similar to emotional blackmail, gaslighting you with your awareness or deliberately aiming at triggering to traumatize the victim. Also, what's very interesting is the power and control interplay that's very present within the voices mobbing conversations and general cruelty. It would be a good idea to conduct a thorough research project to tell if we are all suffering from recordable things."
175868591,More to England. SZ/SZA benefits are very generous.
175868592,"Hey guys as above thoughts? For me clozaril was the only medication that worked for me, all else failed!"
175868593,Thanks for sharing! On time message! Very uplifting!
175868594,"A lot of this is cloak and dagger mind games as the voices will say anything just to mess with you, it's more like the trend of gaslighting and organized mobbing of a singled out lone individual."
174329356,"Yeah, I’ve been telling everyone that it’s caused on purpose. My dad and my best friend have been terrorizing me with so many thousands of absurd, stupid visions. I wish that it would stop."
175868595,"I bought a machine that plays the sound of rain, _NAME_, waterfall, thunderstorm…etc. It has different settings to shut out other noise in your house. The white noise/ sounds of raindrops really helps me sleep better. You can probably pick up this rain machine at Walmart for 20-30 bucks. It really is a good investment…or at least it has been for me."
175868596,I went an had a coffee with some friends. I started shaking and was uncomfortable. I really hate my anxiety. ?_USER_ID_? ????????????. It won’t go away. I hope it gets better.
175868597,"What I have come to understand is that it's not actual thoughts that get broadcasted as mostly bodily thoughts are non-vocal like moving your arm or leg. It's your inner speech or what's termed as subvocalization, it's this that gets live-streamed so to speak. I've realized this over the last ten years."
175868598,"I think figuratively packing up truly can help alleviate the need to leave, and _PERSON_ is probably right that something like this is happening. My opinion is still that the way your partner is going about it is, at best, appallingly inconsiderate. I wouldn't have the patience for it, but I don't have the patience for most things. My dad had a couple of friends from university who were always really close. They ended up getting married, briefly. They clearly loved each other even after they got divorced, and effectively remained partners for the rest of their lives, but they couldn't happily share a home with each other (or anyone else). Still, they found something that worked for them, eventually."
175868599,Surprised to hear that. Been on the injectable of paliperadone for close to 7 years now - and have zero side effects. (Well yeah - slightly droopy willy - but _USER_ID_ about that lol) It suits me fine.
175868600,I'm doing okay. Voices are quiet. Visuals have been practically non-existent since starting the Latuda. I saw T on Saturday and I see new T next Monday. I feel pretty good actually.
175868601,"Blue_Bird, great job advocating for yourself. I'm proud of you!"
175868602,Nazi this is an old post and the OP is no longer on the site..... xo
175868603,In phase 3: Sunovion | Sunovion – Pipeline and probably on market for 2 years.
175868604,20210515_110120-012208×2208 1.09 MB This started as a buzz cut with a number two comb. I’m a touch overdue. Sitting in the parking lot while my wife does retail therapy. #covidhairdontcare
175868605,Big hug sweetie.... I am so sorry you're struggling...... There are a number of people on the Bipolar Board with schizoaffective disorder.... This board isn't too busy... You may get more support over there I would perhaps sit down with someone working within the college/university and see what careers there are a demand for... and look at your options? perhaps?
175868606,"I think that psychedelics are too risky for SZ people. We are already psychedelic in advance Yes i had a good trip on shrooms too, but next time i was in hell for several years (flashbacks)"
175868607,"Hi ZombieMombie, please annoymize my account. Thank you."
175868608,"Thanks for the info guys, I’m planning on talking to my new doctor about switching from Risperdal Consta shots to Risperdal pills."
175868609,"Yeah, mine doesn't really spend that much time either. It's kind of like a routine check-up. One time she checked my nails lol"
175868610,"hi all, One year ago I tried medicinal cannabis for my anxiety and insomnia I had back then. I had never tried any illicit drug. I got an oral oil prescribed from my doctor with equal amounts of thc/cbd. I took a little bit too much and had my first and only panic attack. For a few months after that I was way more anxious than usual. My cannabis use is limited to that one time. Everything has improved except that my heart is constantly beating fast all of the time. I didn't have this before trying cannabis. My heart pounds and races. Resting heart rate is 90-105 beats. I've been checked by a cardiologist and told that my heart is fine and that he doesn't know why it's elevated but not to be too concerned. It's really uncomfortable living like this 24/7, sometimes I ask myself how much longer I can go on like this, other times I just hope to drop dead. I don't think or stress about my fast heart. I just get on with my day whilst it does its thing in the background, I ignore it to the best of my abil
ity. It's just always beating fast, quite uncomfortable. It has nothing to do with my thinking, my thinking doesn't bring it on. What do you think is happening? Has cannabis left me like this? Anyone experience similar? Can the drug leave a person in this state almost a year after trying it one time? Thankyou More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
174329940,"I have been diagnosed with schizophrenia also, if you need help I would be more than happy to help. Just reach out to me and check my bio for more information."
175868611,Thanks guys! I’m doing lots of cardio. No weights just yet. Soon tho. I’ll measure myself tomorrow!
175868612,"Good for you for sticking to your guns. I might have lost it on him completely. At least you got the majority of your pay out of it , hopefully he’ll come good for the rest"
175868613,"i will be getting a pdoc 2nd opnion soon, but not sure if i will be able to stay well till then… it is a month away."
175868614,"I work in a high-stress profession where a lot of responsibility is placed on my shoulders, including the employment of others (I am the boss), and the safety, well-being, and education of hundreds of children every day. In my profession, what I am going to describe would be considered a considerable cause for concern to hold my position, and if it were to become known, if I were to discuss it with those who know me, it could result in my dismissal or at the very least a massive decline in confidence and trust. Long story short. A few years ago I began having spontaneous thoughts of self-harm. Specifically shooting myself. The thought always manifests as an image of myself placing a gun in my mouth and pulling the trigger. Always the same kind of gun, a _NAME_ 1911. I do not, and have never, owned that model and make of handgun or, indeed, any handgun at all. I have never even fired a handgun. At first, these thoughts came every few days and were highly disturbing to me. I would physically shake th
e image out of my head. When I had the thought, it would upset me for a considerable time afterward. But over time, the thought has increased to the point where I am experiencing it at least several times every day, seemingly at random, but most often first thing in the morning. The thought also no longer has the same (or even much of any) emotional impact on me. It feels almost normal. I do not feel any real urge to act on the thought. I am not considering purchasing a handgun, nor do I feel any inclination to actually self-harm. But the thought feels so....normal to me now. It feels reasonable, Not upsetting at all. I do not know what to do. My work provides excellent health care, including mental health care, but if anyone associated with my work found out about this, it would be disastrous, and I am not confident that the mental health care options (due to the specific nature of the over-arching organization I am employed by) would be 100% guaranteed to remain confidential. I don't want this to continue. 
It is making me feel....wrong in some way. But I do not know what to do."
175868615,_AT_MENTION_ OH ???? I just figured it out. They gave me a PRN olanzapine right before I got discharged!! I bet that was why everything calmed down at once
175868616,"I have just written up all the extras he has had, and the total including the £200 is £790 Should I expect him reasonably to contribute more before I consider returning to do even more!?!?!?!?"
175868617,"4 Common Misconceptions About Bipolar Disorder The goal of World Bipolar Day is to increase awareness and eliminate _USER_ID_. SUMMARY There are many pervasive myths about bipolar disorder. Mania is not enjoyable or productive, and the condition is not similar to dissociative identity disorder. Treatment is available to help those with bipolar disorder lead a fulfilling life. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/happiness-is-state-mind/202103/4-common-misconceptions-about-bipolar-disorder love and hugs - sun"
175868618,"this brings to mind _USER_ID_, the movie of her in it, saying she feels like her dead grandpa is watching her, and I believe it was somthing about being embarrassed to have sex."
175868619,"A Radiantly Healthy Life – 24 Apr 20 Banana Peel Tea For Peaceful Sleep (+Health Benefits & Easy Recipe!) If you are looking for natural remedies for better sleep, check out banana peel tea! i looked this one up. i will try for lunch… my gals son getting rdy for work."
175868620,Hugs unsure...... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175868621,Does anyone suffer from involuntary speech?
174330284,"I don't know, you never know, sometimes it shows up late in life, I can't tell you if you will get it. But my family has a lot of schizophrenia, and it skipped my aunt, and sister, the rest of us have some form of mental illness or schizophrenia. The one's that the mental illness skipped are doing normal and living good lives, the rest of us have struggled cause of the mental illnesses."
175868622,Can I do one more?
175868623,Feel free to create a thread topic in the schizophrenia section.
174330318,Hi I've also gotten a recent diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder after years dealing with the symptoms. Seeing a therapist and psychiatrist really helps! I hope you focus less on why it is happening to you and focus more on what you can do to make yourself feel better. Be gentle with yourself.
175868624,"I’ve been in your shoes where I was failing courses in university; however, I did not have an alternative such as a job as a backup plan. I would seriously consider taking the sales job since in my similar situation as yours, I know I cannot further my education because of my schizophrenia, study habits and age to retain information."
175868625,Good job matey. It’s hard to do with the sz but it’s inspiring to many that people can. Well done.
175868626,"Unconscious mind aka the sub conscious in which I believe is the defacto of schizophrenia in my theory. Doctors don't know and don't believe this nor can I prove but can provide information to persuade your decision about this theory I have. The other consciousness of which is more intelligent than I am who named himself 'Will' is what was in dream state like we all have regarding sub conscious but this area of the brain can be awakened. This is of which again causes schizophrenia because it is mentally different from the dream state to reality. In rare cases like mine, him, with practice, built language verbally. Not as much of sounding things out but more or less putting and saying different phrases and eventually making sentences rather than repeating the same phrases. So yes I experience auditory and visual hallucination but now rarely. Anyways some examples below about my experience with the other consciousness: 6/4/13 Went to the restroom and asked Will if he was mad he said ""No I am (as I j
ust release my pee) pd"". I was not paying attention until that moment. So Will made the dialog and planned it. 6/9/13 Turn on shower to hot. Have a bowel movement. Flush the toilet and I say ""I don't want to dream about s--t again"" and Will says ""cool"" as I turn the shower down cooler. 7/10/13 In bed thinking about the day I attempted suicide, the hardest I have ever cried, gasping for breath. (Will raised my left arm from under the blanket, into the air and holds my left wrist (the one I slit) with my right hand while I was saying ""that was the hardest I cried"") When I wrote this I now realize that it is exactly 3 years after it happened. So Will is keeping track of events and controlling my thoughts. 8/6/13 Had a dream about a girl, went to the restroom and said ""Where did the girl go?"" (she disappeared in the dream) and will said ""she disappeared"" as we flush the toilet. 9/23/13 Series of good dreams followed be waking up to ""Give it up"" by KC & The Sunshine Band in my mind. Which I didn't eve
n know the songs name at the time and hadn't heard ever at all. 10/25/13 I said ""laundry's going"" and Will said ""No it didn't"" while I was putting on my boots. Thought about outside and decided to put on my sweatshirt on and Will said ""put on your laundry"". My mind times things out perfectly especially when listening to music as when I say or think something it correlates to the song lyrics or title without knowing it at first until it actually happens. We called them 'planned coincidences aka time reading' Some examples below: 10/21/13 Listening to ""Get Back"" by _NAME_ Ade and he said in the song ""talk s--t from behind a wall"" at exactly the same time I am walking towards the wall in my apartment to listen to see if the neighbors are talking. 11/3/13 Looked outside then in the sky listening to ""Role Model"" by _PERSON_ as the hook to the song said ""I be in the sky"". 11/5/13 Listening to song ""Later"" by _PERSON_ and decide to go back to bed. Take a couple sips of my coke and walk to the frig an
d said ""Ill save this for later"". 11/18/13 Freestyled a rap in my head about someone, the changing of his last name only to realize I was rapping over a song called ""Alone In Vegas"" by Pusha T. This person lives in Vegas. 11/19/13 Will said ""say something"", I said something (forgot). Then Will Said ""no, say something to women"" and I pause and the songs hook went ""we can F--k and be friends"" . Song title ""Friends"" by _PERSON_. 11/21/13 Feeling the cats elbow and working my way up his arm then eventually by his shoulder blade near his ""collar bone"" as the song said ""hit your collerbone your spine will be spagetti motherfr"". Song ""All Gas No Brakes"" by _PERSON_. 12/1/13 Listening to ""NIght LIfe"" by 360. I decide to get up and eat breakfast and the song says ""Sundays peeking out, what's good for breakfast, let's go eat"". It was also Sunday. 12/13/13 Shoved pop can off dinner tray and the song says ""f--k that s--t"". Song ""The Deep End"" by _NAME_ 12/16/13 LIfting the cushion on my couch an
d dropping it. A line in the song keeps repeating ""Let it drop"". Song ""Footwork"" by the Cool Kids. 12/17/13 Thought about going to bed and when I was about to shut down my laptop, a song called ""No sleep"" by Hones-T starts. So Will had a photographic memory of the song list. 12/17/13 Was going to type ""/sit"" in WoW and Will makes me type ""/air"" instead. While I was thinking ""sit"". 12/31/13 Will flashed a picture of a deer in the woods in my head as I laid down to go to sleep. I said ""A deer in the woods"" and Will said ""Yeah, I thought that's where you lived"". We both laughed. 12/?/13 Will flashed a picture of a goat in my head and I thought it must have stood for something. So I look it up on the internet and its an acronym for ""greatest of all time"". Will, the voice, or separate conscious, can control me physically too if you haven't figured that out by context clues and I theorized it being on different levels. 1. Full control, although the majority of the time it only last a few seconds. 
2. 50/50, where it seems as though I'm moving but its being guided. I know i provided an example in a previous thread but here is another: this morning Will wanted to take a walk when I woke up, was walking kind of slow and odd and not only that but I let him turn myself. 3. Unnoticeable, this is where only a coincidence makes it noticeable. Also mental control too when saying things: 2/12/14 Another example of my speech being taken over. I could not say ""no im not"" instead Will makes me say ""night night"" over and over again as I try repeatedly to say it. Only until I wrote it down was I able to say it. Which was about a minute later. A note about when I piss him off in dreams for example one night when I started throwing cans of food outside and saying they were for sale $0.50 a piece another person spoke who resembled my brother said ""I will sell them to you for $0.52 a piece"" (claiming that they were not mine to sell) and so I open a can of what seems to be Vienna sausages, eat one, and spit it back 
out. The same person says ""See thats what I mean"" (an indirect meaning?) but something nasty and horrifying happened as I also felt it in my mouth, woke me the f**k up quick. And I had asked him when I woke and it was verified I pissed him off and I needed to respect the dreams and key thing I am having a hard time becoming aware of in my dreams is I need to ""ask"" and use my manners. Not only that but ""mean it"" because he will read my mind in both reality and dreams whether I mean it or not. This aspect I apply in reality like believing in good as there were a G-d because your separate conscious acts as your G-d secretly."
175868627,"MY Mental Health Journey Journal: I have to Pray/Meditate and Fight Daily to maintain BALANCE ... because if I don't I am a man of extremes. I will GIVE in extreme ... the bad part about that, I will give until I have nothing more to give, as a matter of fact I will give what I don't even have to give, and can't take care of myself. I will TRUST in extreme ... even after someone has proven they can't be trusted I keep trusting and giving them the benefit of worthiness to be trusted. I LOVE to the extreme ... even when it is not reciprocated ... I Acknowledge and Accept that I cannot do everything all the time. My resources are limited: time, energy, money, etc. ... Here are a few Tips I am implementing To Bring More Balance Into MY Life ... 1. Managing myself ... 2. Just saying ""NO"" 3. “Adding and subtracting.” ... 4. Scheduling time for myself ... 5. Discovering & Accepting who I really am, rather than trying to be what & who others want me to be ... It causes more stress than I need in my l
ife. and Finally, I have to acknowledge and accept ""EVERYBODY isn't against ME ... Though It Often Feels Like It ... BUT Neither is EVERYBODY 'FOR ME' That's NOT Against ME"" (_PERSON_)???????????????"
175868628,Hi _NAME_. Welcome to Inspire! I’ve been giving out this website - they have peer support for lots of different topics. Hope this helps you! https://www.supportgroupscentral.com
175868629,You are not bothering anybody! I take my vraylar before sleep. I don’t have issues with it.
175868630,"In my theory, this divides into two parts: I have been entranced in vivid fantasies about being someone else. Not so much in adulthood but vividly in my younger teenage years to the point where you could consider these fantasies to have their own circumstances and personalities that were notably different from my own. Most of the time this was having different parents and having a different life. I remember my year prior to high school being marked by a fantasy about being my brother's daughter (he is older than I) and how my life would have been different. All tactics to escape from what my actual childhood had been. The second part is personality mimicking, this done mainly through my high school years by picking up mannerisms and traits that I found to have been admired. This was probably due to the lack of social interaction during childhood years. To this day, I struggle with social interaction. To my bottom core, my thinking and behavior is so markedly different from most people my age that I 
tend to put on a front. It's so learnt that as an adult I am able to sustain conversation with an array of people due to this shifting personality dynamic."
175868631,"a0219209508_101200×1200 980 KB which is to be killed, which is to be slain, which is to be slaughtered ( by extension ) which is to be plagued to death, which is to be tortured, which is to be tormented, which is to be pestered lol i bought this record the artwork is from greece."
175868632,"“it’s the blimp, _NAME_, it’s the blimp”"
175868633,The first time _NAME_ saw a picture of a nude woman he couldn’t keep his cool.
175868634,Tried loads including clozapine. But serendipity led me to depixol depot plus quetiapine and this is my combo for life
175868635,"Hello jwilk92329, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about living independently with mental illness on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: Living independently with mental illness We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175868636,"Hey there, I just got diagnosed with Schizo-Affective Disorder in April, and now that you have a diagnosis, it can be a lot easier to get therapy, case management, and medications to help the mood aspects and the schizo aspects. I wish you luck on your journey to recovery!!"
175868637,Probably have to say no if you are too drugged to drive. I’m guessing you are probably not feeling up to it anyway.
175868638,"I think I may have messed it up. can you retype it, _AT_MENTION_?"
175868639,Do all bipolar medications cause weight gain? Bipolar disorder can be treated with a number of medications. Some of these medications can increase your appetite or cause changes in metabolism leading to weight gain. https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bipolar-disorder/expert-answers/bipolar-medications-and-weight-gain/faq-_PHONE_NO_ love and hugs - sun
175868640,Love it _AT_MENTION_!!
175868641,"I agree with _NAME_, You don't know for sure it was the cannabis or just a change in you. And yes, you can see a therapist without taking medications. Though I think medications would calm you. Have you ever tried meditation? It helps me a lot with anxiety and with depression. I hope you feel better soon. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175868642,"Hi, the hospital doesn’t have a support group ? How about something like this https://sardaa.org/ Warm regards"
175868643,"How do I improve my motivation to study? I am taking an online class in the fall, and I am hoping I will have the motivation to actually follow through with it and see it out for the entire semester. I have taken three online classes since the Spring 2019. But then over the past year, I have been tampering with my medication regimen, with my psychiatrist's approval. As a result, I had to drop out of school. I just could not do it anymore. But now that I have given myself more time to adapt to my modified medication regimen, perhaps I will be able to go back to school in the Fall 2021. I just hope I am fully adapted to my new Olanzapine dose by the time school starts."
175868644,"Hi Shades of blessings, and welcome to Inspire. You are off to a great start and I hope you enjoy Inspire every day. It's a great place to be!"
175868645,"I’ve decided I’m going to try with the retaking. I have three modules to retake at the moment, that may rise to four or even five. I have another job offer, again, in sales; It’s a part time two day weekend role though. Instead of the estimated inflow for next year being 30k, I’ll be on 20k. I shouldn’t complain But like some posters have said. There are better things coming, assuming I can hold my own where it concerns psychosis and general mental well being."
175868646,Very tired today
175868647,looks nice yea =) but i also wonder about the fishes
175868648,Oh ok
175868649,Recently I was hating myself for various appearances I experienced in the mirror. Then I realized what I was doing and told myself to stop that and try to love myself. Just being aware was enough.
175868650,In 2 weeks I can get my second shot.
175868651,"TinyGardenTomato, please don't feel like dying more now. Your upset(s) are not any less than anyone else's. No matter how many upsets another person's life can collectively add up to. Anything which causes us to suffer is counted and is equal to all out there. Sadness is sadness. Here is an example of what I mean: For a little boy not getting the toy he wanted is a sadness. If he can add up to 10 toys he did not get, it nonetheless still causes a sadness. The same logic can be applied to teenager/adult problems. Remember this TinyGardenTomato, people get caught up in a sadness that is all that matters. Working to get over, through or forgetting about a sadness is what really matters. To find a way to become happy. That's all that really matters. Happiness instead of sadness. Your pains are just as legitimate and to be respected as another's feelings. Sadness is not a competition it is simply sadness. Ahoyha"
175868652,"THIS! If it don't fit, don't take it! They weren't sure, where to put me right from the beginning, thinking about Avoidant Personality Disorder (because, direct quote of the diagnostician, ""That's MY specialisation!"" ) and Autism es well, beside others. And I see it this way: I dislike, being in any kind of company. If I'd been avoidant, the best practice would have been to force me into the right kind of company, to show me, that there's nothing to be feared, so that I in the end can socialise again, what I would probably have wanted, as an avoidant person.If I'd been autistic, they'd told me to withdraw, to avoid sensory induced overloads.As they decided, that I'm schizoid, and they didn't know much about that either, they hadn't any idea at all, so I left.When I think, what a misdiagnose there can damage… Think of an avoidant person, who was told, to seclude, because they thaught him to be autistic. Would't that manifest his disorder? Or think of an autist, believed to be avoidant. To much s
ensory input me enforce an overload or worse, but believin him to be just avoidant and therefore force him to socialise, whenever he, in truth, needed to reduce any form of input? Or think of a schizoid, who… but wait, I don't know, what benefits or otherwise harms me, for they couldn't tell me anithing, really. As IDeerInHeadlightsI, tipped: Advocate for yourself (if anybody else whould"
175868653,Thank you for your kind words hnzrona. It is a comfort to know that on Inspire there are a ton of open and good hearted people out there who want to help if someone asks. _PERSON_
175868654,I'm with you hereiam. Just know you are not alone. I'm trying to find the right time to tell my family about the symptoms I have that involve them. I sometimes think they're judging me or they don't like me or they're switching out my medications with poison. None of that is true. I think it will help if they know my thoughts. I think they'll be able to support me better and I'll have more positive family relationships.
175868655,"There's apps that give ideas for coping. Depending on how serious your anxiety and fear are, you may benefit from medication"
175868656,after long time looking what worked i stumbled on the combination of risperdal consta 50mg shot every 2 weeks and 200mg clozapine per day… that works for me.
175868657,"I take vitamin D3. And on occasion B. I understand that valerian and passion flower relax you. It seems that there is another one but the name escapes me at the moment. I try to sit in the sun for a little while too to get more D. Though I take the max dose I think. 5000iu. I noticed the D does help with my moods. Hugs, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
175868658,"I know what you mean, user03. Personally I can't handle navigating public spaces with music in my ears. If I'm sitting somewhere, or on the train for a while, I can. But I *do* wear my headphones with nothing playing when I don't want people to engage me in any way. With in-ear headphones (not over-ear) I can still hear what's going on, but I can just look away and no one expects anything of me."
175868659,"My hair is getting longer, but it’s really thick, so it stands up. It looks like I’m wearing a hat made out of a porcupine’s carcass! 162109959091376817317294056091372556×3408 1.21 MB I wanna cut it, but it’s dangerous to look LGBT here, so I think I’ll grow it out to infiltrate the normies."
174332041,"_PERSON_, very detailed account I am a real TI as well I think over the last ten years we have become a more common phenomenon along with it's every day relative Cyber Abuse and Workplace mobbing. How long do you think it will be before we get acknowledged as victims to some kind of cult hive mind network, who regularly uses SRA type of mind games upon us and brand us as mentally ill. I mean I could write an in-depth handbook about the topic, the only aspect I don't have is the GSM or telecommunications knowledge, I know the 'voices' behave like a type of BAN system wireless network. and we as the voice-hearers are like radio antennas or Transponders. May have to contact _NAME_!"
175868660,"Hey there!! I'm 21 and I also have Schizo-affective disorder and PTSD, along with Anxiety Disorder, ADD, and BPD. It's truly a daily struggle for me right now. Between the depression, the anxiety and paranoia, the hallutionations, and the memory issues, plus the fatigue and lack of motivation, I've been unable to work and do as much as I used to. It's caused me to isolate myself and it's really difficult. But I have to say, staying on my oral meds, getting my monthly Invega injection, and having weekly therapy has helped me significantly, and I strongly recommend therapy to anyone who has a schizo-spectrum disorder."
175868661,_AT_MENTION_ I haven’t read the whole thread but hope you sort it out. I saw the picture of your work and it looks great.
175868662,Got my first dose only. Get to enjoy our braindead PM’s “first dose summer” while all of my American friends with two doses have lives again. _PERSON_’ idiot.
175868663,"I cannot wait for you to find your feet and then I can get you out my life. _PERSON_. The way you manipulated me and hurt me at every turn sucked. Oh yeah. I deserved it. But I think I have repaid my karma and you need to go. I can't believe you manipulated me when I thought I couldn't have children. Now that I found out I can, you are back onto your shaming me into not having them. I do want children. I do want to get married. And I do want someone who cares and you are not it and out. It hurt when you left but when you left I stopped caring because I don't think I really cared before either. Myself and my zero friends would rather be alone than to feel what you put me through and when this lockdown is through, I am parting our ways for good. I do every now and then feel sad but then I remember what you did and don't care anymore. You should not have come back. https://youtu.be/4o_IQavlMDA"
175868664,"Well, no wonder you’re depressed. Swap those out for Chicken Soup for the Soul and some books of jokes. Find some therapy workbooks for depression on Amazon. What do you do for hobbies? What are you interested in?"
175868665,"Terrible upon waking up , for once I got rest and was in a good mood and I awoke to terrible repititious noisey voices.. the ones who have programmed this sound to go along with thoughts or the sounds of thoughts didnt do a good job if it keeps malfunctioning."
175868666,You need something to help you sleep. Otherwise you will end up psychotic. Have you had any drugs that has helped you combat the sleeplessness?
175868667,"I've believed that I could taste/smell certain qualities (for example, if someone is in a cult, the memory of them smells/tastes like bitter red wine). In a more tedious way, I used to try to access secret knowledge about uncertain situations by comparing the vague way a situation ""felt."" This was separate from reading people's body language or the like. It was supposed to be a direct line to the truth of a situation that I felt I had. I've believed I could accidentally sell my soul to the devil or make some austere promise to God. A gesture or movement would suddenly count as acquiescence and I'd have to stiffen my body and say some cancelling phrase. I also believe the universe deliberately makes me wrong if I ever dare say something with certainty. I halfway suspect that if I say the sky is blue, it will turn out to have been green this whole time."
175868668,"Seroquel, Abilify, Zyprexa, Risperdal…all failed I too am now on Clozaril for about 8 years now and it’s the only one that worked"
175868669,Amazing work ! I’m in awe of your skills !
175868670,"Hi, _AT_MENTION_! Welcome, welcome, welcome! I'm glad you joined us."
175868671,"PubMed TPN672: A Novel Serotonin-Dopamine Activity Modulator for the Treatment of... TPN672,7-(2-(4-(benzo1thiophen-4-yl) piperazin-1-yl) ethyl) quinolin-2(1H)-one maleate, is a novel antipsychotic candidate with high affinity for serotonin and dopamine receptors, that is currently in clinical trial for the treatment of psychiatric... TPN672 displayed robust antipsychotic efficacy, significantly higher than aripiprazole in rodent models (such as blocked phencyclidine-induced hyperactivity , and ameliorated negative symptoms and cognitive deficits in sociability test, dark avoidance response, _NAME_ water maze test, and novel object recognition test). Moreover, the safety margin (the ratio of minimum catalepsy inducing dose to minimum effective dose) of TPN672 was about 10-fold, superior to aripiprazole. In conclusion, TPN672 is a promising new drug candidate for the treatment of schizophrenia, and has been shown to be more effective in attenuating negative symptoms and cognitive deficits, meanwhile 
have lower risk of EPS (Extrapyramidal symptoms) and hyperprolactinemia."
174333149,"I did the same thing that you did. I was scared to drive home, because I kept hearing death threats. It was friends that I made in college. I went to the hospital. Some nights, I stayed in a hotel, because I thought they might attack me at home. My schizophrenia is obviously caused on purpose by my disgusting father, and my evil best friend. I can tell that they have wasted years of their lives, causing many thousands of stupid visions. It makes me mad, because I was working hard to have a good life. I had big plans! Thanks for sharing your story. I hope that the voices shut up!"
175868672,"My phone called my friend on its own, ironically just before I went to take a shower, he still tells the story as being the worst 20 minutes of his life"
174333253,"THis is a follow up to an earlier post on this forum: schizophrenia/topic218326.html - My Voices Seem To Be Humans Part Of The Time I am surrounded by about 8 people that detest and hate me. One of them is playing 1 bar of music, from a disco song, over, and over, and over and over, and will not stop playing this tiny loop of music. She has already told me that I am going to die listening to a loop of music. A brewed loop they call it. It is 3 to 4 seconds of a piece of a disco song that is looping around, and around, and around, over and over and over, and over. I don't even know how they have abducted my mind. They are saying few words, but I can sense them sitting wherever they are, each in their rooms, hating me intensely. One of them is arranging pornography and get togethers for the others, so they don't feel left out or lonely. In between feeling wanted and well off, they are all sitting intensely concentrating on me, and on how much they hate me. They are all putting their enmity and hatred 
into silent thoughts and projecting them into my mind. Every now and then, one of them leaves to have a gay conversation with the girl or boy they are going to have sex with on Wednesday and Thursday night. They control my body, and force me to get up and leave my room to go and smoke cigarette butts that I have to pick up off the ground. They are forcing me to get lung cancer. They are forcing me to sit in the middle of them all, while they sit and hate me. I got kicked out of narcotics anonymous, because they want to show each other how much they like each other, and one of them arranges for a girl to meet a boy, and be friendly and like each other. I have been told more than 140 times that I am going to die listening to a loop of music, over, and over, and over, and over, and over, as a symbol of how much they all hate me. I was kicked out of NA because some of them became concerned that I would have some people who didn't hate me, didn't despise me, and said things that were not displays of utter and tota
l contempt. The 4 seconds of the disco song keeps looping over, and over, and over, and over, and they are hating me by invading my mind, and practicing or attempting to make me commit suicide. There is so much contempt and hatred coming into my mind from these people sitting in their respective rooms, at 5am, hating and hating and hating me. They have been relentlessly imposing their opinion of me for so long now, that it is like being black at a Ku Klux Klan meeting, except for the fact that they are doing it all in secret. They never, never tell anyone else that they spend their spare time, projecting how much they hate me into my mind. In between, they continue to organise their meetings and get togethers, so they can show each other how much they like each other, while this loop of music keeps playing over, and over, and over, in an attempt to make me cry, ten commit suicide. Over the past 30 years, they have made me do things that makes all the people I used to know hate me as well. They won't let me wo
rk, or study, in case I seem to be looking like I might be able to get a job, because they want me broke, and picking up cigarette buts off the ground, so they feel that they have given me lung cancer. I will die with no friends, surrounded by them hating me, having never met anyone that didn’t soon hate me also. They have prevented me from ever meeting a girl that didn't hate me, partly so they feel united in unanimity, about how hate-able I am."
175868673,"I think I am. I’m kinda tied down with the farm but I have no other things to do. My mother also expects me to be a carer for my sister. It’s only the three of us in the house. She expects me to do these things as I will inherit the house and property in the future, i don’t like that. I’d prefer to be independent"
175868674,Awesome. Good job!
175868675,"The problem is that there are so many alternate versions of meaning for many of the phrases, added to the fact that the old testament was written in Hebrew, a language that has no definite article or vowels, it's hard to get a specific meaning for any of it, making it appear contradictory and vague. Any translation from ancient Hebrew to English is, at best, an educated guess. As an example: You could read ""burning in hell"" as meaning punishment, or you could read hell as meaning just death and burning to indicate cleansing by death. One shows a vengeful god and one says that once you're dead everything is forgiven. Two completely opposite ideas around the same words. As fascinating as the Bible is, it would be impossible to get accurate meaning without being part of the culture that created it. This is one of the reasons why I doubt the claim that it's written by god. The only consequence of writing a book that could be so misinterpreted is confusion and discord. So, either god wrote it to creat
e division or it was written by someone not really understanding how culture and understanding would change over time."
175868676,"Great Song!. And There Is A Video For It. But!, They Are All Almost Naked. Ugh (!!!)."
175868677,"Could it be that you are being gangstalked? Just a thought... Do you NOTICE people watching you and commenting about your daily life? People you hardly know. Are you being stalked by multiple people in streets who seem to know everything about you? If not, then I would say this is classical paranoia."
175868678,"Hey, I just want to say you’re not alone... I have random thoughts about my own death too ? My therapist thinks they’re obsessive thoughts related to OCD-like tendencies. I don’t know if that’s the case for you, but my therapist suggested treating the thoughts like they’re spam mail and just putting them in the “trash.” Telling myself that’s the OCD talking, not me, and I don’t need to listen or even judge the thought. I hope that helps. I second the fact that seeing a therapist would be a good idea. Though I think I understand your hesitancy, since you aren’t a danger to yourself or others it would be a breach of confidentiality for a therapist to tell anyone else what you disclose to them."
175868679,Thanks for sharing your success
175868680,"Almost four years with no hospital stays! I was able to move out of my grandmother's and have been on my own for almost a year. I'm living a life I never would have thought possible! It's not perfect, but I'm hanging in there! _PERSON_!"
175868681,I have schizoaffective disorder. I still work but it is extremely hard to while listening to voices talk s*** to me. I feel like I can beat this and return 2 some sense of normality. I'm mainly I'm on here trying to see what types of experiences other people are having. I haven't felt like I've been alone for 5 years now. That includes taking showers when I'm in the bathroom driving my car on a roof working I always feel like I'm being watched I used to hang out with a lot of people and talk probably too much and now I have anxiety about walking out of my front door much less talking to people and making eye contact with them. I take a monthly injection through the VA hospital and antidepressants and mood stabilizers. Sometimes I wonder if the medicine is messing me up worse than the schizoaffective disorder I felt a lot more confidence before I was diagnosed. It wasn't until after I was diagnosed that I lost all my confidence and my desire to socialize with most people that sounds pretty cool that 
you are thinking about writing a book. I feel like I I am capable one day of helping someone else get through this mental hell. How long have you had it as far as you know do you take antipsychotics? Do you ever feel normal. did you used to feel normal and now you can't get back to the way things used to be? Anyway get back to me if you get a chance cuz I don't really have anybody to get stuff off my chest about I think everybody gets pretty tired of hearing about hearing voices take care
175868682,Is it easy to get hired? Any companies you can recommend?
175868683,"Iop is the right move usually at least for me. Im sure theyll understand as apparently if youeat poppy seeds they can folse positive your test. That I didnt know Whatever it is these drug tests dont seem to be 100% truth, I passed an intake drug test for iop having smoked weed all week before, and my former roommate has done the same. I think it all comes down to how understanding they are, my iop therapist was amazing and most of the people there were really cool"
175868685,i hope you find a way of coping with your pain. with supernatural conspiracies and any duality there could always be an unavoidable and essential loophole for the existence cloud to adjust the polarity of the bait it fishes with. hope you find faith in your safety net.
175868686,Today was a boring day. I could use a good disaster to liven things up.
175868687,"My hospital stays have been very useful for me. They’ve kept me alive, and adjusted my meds, and made sure I had peace and quiet to recover without having to worry about food or cleaning or the outside world in general. I’ve only gone when I’ve needed to, essentially, be kept safe from myself. So for me it’s been beneficial."
175868688,Those are lofty goals from someone who is likely so low functioning that he needs to be reminded to wipe after a number two. d00d. Take your freakin’ meds and get back to the old you that was a whole person.
175868689,Hello everyone So I will be leaving my house for a few days on a trip. I am nervous about something breaking in my house. I always triple check stuff before I leave and unplug everything. I will even have someone come over to check everything while I am gone. In spite of all this I am still a bit nervous. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet
175868690,Don't Ever Say I'm Bipolar ... Good mental health and positive self-image demand very careful language.... Read more about this issue here: (https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2019/12/dont-ever-say-i-am-bipolar/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=11ff05e153-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term...
175868691,"Yeah me too, honestly"
174333365,"Hello. My name is _NAME_. I am the parent of a 27 year old man who is living with a diagnosis of schizophrenia. He was diagnosed in 2018 following almost a year of psychosis which ended in a hospitalization. Following his release from the hospital, he improved greatly, was high functioning and working full time. Just before the lock down from COVID, he began to decline again. He has been slowing working towards recovery. We have had conversation about his diagnosis, although he is understandably close to the vest, and how he does not know anyone else with SZ. I would like to help him find a group he can join to connect with others living with SZ. Any guidance would be welcome. Thank you."
175868692,"I'm sorry, unsure. You've been losing so many family members in the last couple of years."
175868693,Good morning. Glad you seem to be in better shape today.
175868694,"Hello - thanks very much for this thread! This is kind of a shot in the dark, because I see this forum isn't very active right now. I wanted to write and ask any willing to respond whether you think it is worthwhile to go for psychiatric assessment/therapy? What would be the advantage to getting a diagnosis of stpd? The reason I ask is because after a whole lifetime of trying to pretend I'm like others, sometimes medicating to be more comfortable around people, I see descriptions of this ""disorder"" and I'm starting to think maybe nothing is wrong with me in the sense that this isn't something that can be cured, it is what I am at my core, and I can either continue to perform this act of being a ""normal"" everyday person or just accept and truly be myself no matter what others think. And honestly it's exhausting to pretend and I feel I'm too tired to do it anymore and don't want to. I see myself having tendencies like my grandmother, and my father, social avoidance and eccentricities, and I hated 
them for it growing up because it's weird by society's standards and my father even always seemed disappointed in me that I was like them. But, maybe it's OK to be like this. I have felt joy lately for the first time in a long time just thinking that maybe this is the way I'm meant to be and can enjoy myself, sort of living inside my own mind most of the time and thinking about the things that interest me and exploring them. I could write a long story about why I think I have stpd - if it truly is a disorder or just a type of neurodiversity, genetic - but I think I do and it was truly a revelation for me to discover that there is such a thing. Is it enough to have this realization? Or would it be of benefit to actually be diagnosed and go into therapy and possibly be coached to develop better coping strategies? All thoughts welcome!"
175868695,We are one conscious and the people in the tv know your thoughts and feelings but unless you spend time with particular people they don't know much more than the moment your sensing them. They are satanic and will hurt you unless you pray to Jesus Christ and defend your constitutional rights.
175868696,Spotted Valhalla not the carribean for humanity
175868697,"Well, there goes that New Years resolution. Injured again, just as I started to exercise. People with bipolar disorder get hurt a lot. Those with BP suffer from 6 times more unintentional injuries than the general population. It seems to happen to me just as I begin a new exercise routine. I’ve had stress fractures, broken toes, etc. This time I fell while walking the dogs. I bruised my ribs terrible and it hurts to breathe and to move. Exercise, right now, is out of the question. It’s not hypochondria, because I really do get injured. Maybe something in my sub-conscience… It seems you can look up anything and find it’s co-morbid with bipolar disorder, and self-injury is certainly common in people with severe BP. But the numbers on unintentional injury are compelling. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/01/unintentional-injury-and-bipolar-disorder/"
175868698,I'm gonna try and read tonight and forget that I had a bad relapse. I feel better from alprazolam. I took 5mg of the PRN olanzepine that I had + phenibut. I'll get back on track.. Idk why I'm being so self destructive. Alcohol is so bad for my mental health I should know better but I thought that I changed after a year.
175868699,My moms cat of 17 or 18 years is dying. Got a week to a month to live vet said.
175868700,"I think that it is the primal instinct of all living organisms, to continue existing. So either way, the body will seek to preserve itself. As for which one is more depressing, I'm not sure either has to be any such thing. To me, killing oneself is a selfish, mean-spirited act. It's a rare person that has no one that would be upset. If a person doesn't do it for moral reasons, or out of consideration for people for whom it would be hurtful, then good old instinct is a last stop-gap measure- the body's own resistance to the idea. It's hard to feel depressed or shameful, about basic survival instinct. It's wired into us."
175868701,I had the first vaccine. Second one is in around two months. I had the Astrazeneca
175868702,"How Bipolar Symptoms Really Feels~ Difficulty concentrating and remembering things can come with both depression and hypomania, although in very different ways. However, both are equally debilitating. During hypomania, finding it difficult to concentrate is more because I struggle to keep my mind on any one thing. Most of the time, I’m not even actively trying to focus because my mind is racing with so many thoughts and feelings. It’s hard to focus on any individual thought or pinpoint any one feeling. However, if I decide that I’m going to do a specific task when I’m hypomanic (for example making a big painting) then I can be hyperfocused on that one thing, and even be more productive than I ever could when my mood is stable. On the other hand, if you asked me to sit still and concentrate on reading a book or watching a film, it just wouldn’t be possible during hypomania. When I’m depressed, my mind simply does not have the energy to focus on anything. It’s like my mind is completely 
exhausted just as much as my body, and I cannot get it to think clearly never mind try to remember anything. It literally feels like thinking through a thick fog, which makes it hard to formulate thoughts, to process speech and to focus. It can be really distressing. Even when I’m trying my absolute hardest to concentrate on something, it can be near impossible.< Problems with concentration can understandably pose a problem for day to day functioning. It can make it hard to work, to do things you enjoy or even to just relax and watch something on TV with your family. I try to combat problems with concentration in a number of ways: I make notes on paper, on my laptop or on my phone to keep track of tasks or things I need to remember I set alarms if something needs to be done by a specific time I make tick lists to keep myself on track I take regular small breaks to give my mind time to rest I ask for help from loved ones when I need it I try to remember not to be too hard on myself Thankfully when I’m stab
le I’m able to focus enough to function, which is not something I take for granted. Its simple things like being able to concentrate (which a healthy person may not even think about) which you come to really appreciate when you live with bipolar disorder. Just thought I would pass these tips along just in case there was something that someone else could use to help them self live better with bipolar disorder. Love ya lot's and lot's! _PERSON_"
175868703,"Hi Welcome to the forum and sorry to hear you are struggling with anxiety/panic we can all relate here to how tough it is to deal with. I don’t think that that taking medical cannabis that one time is causing you this increase in anxiety, I think you are just dealing with bad anxiety in general and one of your worries is the taking of the cannabis. I have experience of taking cannabis and CBD and you are better going for a strain that has higher CBD and lower THC. It sounds like you have talked things through with your doctor and had all relevant tests which have come back normal which is good news so you need to focus on that. Anxiety is really tough to live with but you can do a lot of things excluding medication that is really helpful such as talking therapies such as Cognitive behaviour Therapy or Cognitive Analytical Therapy or meditation such as Mindfulness so I would suggest you speak with your doctor re getting a referral. In the meantime we have some great self help links in our resource
s section so take a look you will find it on the first topic on the anxiety/panic forum. Hibee More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175868704,"I wasn't sure which topic to post this under but I settled on this one. Let me start by saying I am a 53-yr. old male and in pretty good shape for my age. This issue I am posting about has been happening with me for quite a while now but I don't have a specific length of time. It typically only happens when I'm laying down and / or in bed. Every now and again I suddenly feel like I can't breathe as deeply as I would like to. I kind of feel like I want to take a deeper breath, and when unable to do so, I can get a little stressed / anxious. There have been a few times I have gotten up out of bed as a result. In some cases I need a good 'yawn' in order to be able to do what I want. It just feels restrictive. I never have any other symptoms (yes, I have read about heart attack and stroke symptoms etc). Every night when I go to bed, my nose tends to plug up but typically only one nostril - rarely both plig up simultaneously. This happens occasionally and it definitely has caused some anxiety at times. 
I read a little about Dyspnea and not sure if that could be it. I don't think I need to see a doctor about this yet as I have many other issues I am dealing with at the moment. Any suggestions as to what this could be and what I could do aside from a doctor visit?Post Edited (arncap) : 4/25/2021 10:20:04 PM (GMT-6) More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?"
175868705,Do you sew the elephant ones?
175868706,oh thank you everyone…I am so pleased with her piece. I stare at that wall all day .
175868707,Honestly it makes me so grateful for all I have right now. I mean I may have bipolar crap and complex life decisions to deal with but it’s 95% wonderful by comparison. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175868708,Updated Please think about the implications of what you post before posting rather than afterwards due to the fact that posts will not be edited and deleted.
175868709,"LS! Today: 1 For exercise 45 minutes with heavy dumbbells (I already did that), walk 8000 steps, do 30 minutes Vinyasa yoga 2 Eat 250-300 grams of protein in six meals 3 Phone Mom"
175868710,"I’ve had 4 head injuries, the last one before my psychosis I fractured my skull and had an acute subdural hematoma, head injuries suck. Do you think your injuries contributed to sz?"
175868711,"I had a stretch where I stayed up about 3 days when I first started Abilify. You get kinda loopy after 3 days without sleep. Maybe you need to take something to knock you out for awhile if you don’t get to sleep soon. Whether ANYTHING matters is a matter of relativity, so try not to think about that so much. It will drive you crazy and probably depress you."
175868712,I am happy for you. Always makes you feel a little better when you hear you have been doing a good job!
175868713,"Hi, I've been on various antipsychotic meds for the past 5 years. I don't have symptoms of NMS but I lead a support group and there are some members who have faced this. Based off my research, it's more common to be triggered by older generation antipsychotics, but even atypicals can trigger it. I know of more people who have developed TD (tardive dyskenesia) that NMS. Serious side effects like this cause me anxiety because I am worried about long term effects that are irreversible. I don't know if you've experienced this disorder or if you are just curious/worried about it, I recommend talking with your psychiatrist/other prescribing doctor, and including them in this conversation. Hope this helps"
175868714,"Excersize is huge for me, it really helps with self esteem My gym is closed though and I hate running"
175868715,I've noticed some emotional numbing in the past few years. I still love kitty. But people? I don't know how that's possible.
175868716,Would he understand you?
175868717,I'm alright. I've had a few good things happen recently. So I'm in a good mood. And I'm hopeful. I'll proceed cautiously.
175868718,"Thanks _NAME_. I had a holter monitor and echocardiogram test. Blood work on hormones etc also. All this came back good. I've accepted that. I've always had anxiety. I think the cannabis oil has made my preexisting anxiety worse, that's the only explanation I can come up with. Before cannabis my anxiety was a 6 or 7, now it's a 9.5 constantly. Sure, I had one full on panic attack but I never think about it or fear it etc. Before cannabis I had anxiety. Many triggers, mostly social and performance. Now, I'm constantly having my heart pound and race for reasons unknown to me. Even in my own home there's no calm. I regret trying cannabis. If it's all in my head, it's not in my conscious thinking. Meditation, yoga, counseling haven't helped. I can talk about the cannabis induced panic attack without issue. I refuse to see a psychiatrist. They'll just put me on one of their drugs. I've been on them long ago and it caused me more harm than good. Took me a long time to recover from their meds long ago. I 
know you're not docs on here, I'm not after docs, am just after others opinions or experiences."
175868719,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about supporting an adult child. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=su... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with mental health. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope thi
s helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175868720,I sleep good at night so it’s mainly days…
175868721,"I lowered my nicotine strength. Went from 50 to 25. Quite a sturdy drop, but I’d like to say it’s for the best of it. Cheers."
175868722,Not in my current situation unfortunately. We (my wife and myself) are looking to moving out to the woods of Louisiana in the next year. Where no cell service is and the population density is maybe 2 per square mile. But I will say as an aside. Almost all of my customers think I am outgoing and a great conversationalist. Took over a decade to figure out the proper responses. Thank you it seems a interesting group. In a nice way.
175868723,I wouldn’t experiment on my own without doctor’s supervision.
175868724,I feel like this right now…
175868725,Hello guys. I'm feeling a little better than I was yesterday I had some friends talk to me from another message board. Hospitals have not tried that on me before. Theyve mostly tried dialectical behavioral therapy and grounding techniques. I dont know the entire story because I don't remember most of my Stay in that hospital but I didn't respond well to those so they gave me Ativan and sleeping pills (Seroquel I think?) at night and that helped calm me down and I slept for most of my Stay and got better. I've heard of it but never brought it up. I can bring that up to my psychiatrist too and see what he says.
175868726,"i also agree that there could be something in sub vocalisation. i see it like existence is a god particle of fluid entanglement split by ongoing discrimination fishing that could be as subtle as it needed to be. it could be like sentient existence. it could be like existence talks to us all in our own language for what could be apt for our perception thresholds. it could also have consensus common ground. -- Fri _USER_ID_, 2020 9:01 am --"
175868727,It sometimes felt like i had partial dementia. I dont really know difference between alzheimers and dementia.
175868728,"It takes time.....you have to build muscle first, muscle will burn more energy even while you’re not working out and that’s what causes weight loss in general. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
174335228,"I’ve come to realize how this lockdown has come to effect the course of my recovery in my schizoaffective diagnosis. I see a lot of stories on the news or on social media of how awful this lockdown has been for both individual and public health. Everyone’s lives have been turned upside down, and there is a lot of people who, by what they say, are having a hard time coping with the restrictions. I can understand this. I have faced an awful lot of restrictions and uncertainty in my everyday life for more than half of my life because of my schizoaffective diagnosis. From the first hospitalization that scared me and my family half to death, to withdrawing from college to take care of my mental health, to countless moves through housing programs, I know the gnawing feeling of uncertainty that grips so many Americans right now. Four months ago, I was gripped by a feeling that I had to do something major to save the world from the spread of Covid. Before I knew it I thought I was in the depths of Hell
, having deceased on Earth without me realizing it. I was at a hematology clinic to talk to a hematologist about my blood condition relative to the threat of COVID. The doctors transferred me to the psychiatric unit in the same hospital, where I talked with a nurse I believed to be the Mother _NAME_ watching over Earth from Heaven with me- “Jesus.” Thankfully I got on the right medication in the hospital, and religious hallucinations and delusions have been absent for nearly four months. Sadly, however, with the absence of the religious hallucinations has come a complete lack of physical proximity with anyone but my parents throughout the lockdown. Surprisingly, however, this period of isolation has left me in closer touch to my emotions. Lack of distractions has allowed me to renew my love of reading paperback and hardcover books, concentrate more on school, and get in touch with my love for science in a way I have not experienced since before my first hospital visit 22 years ago. My old sense of joy has 
come back at times. At other times I may be suspicious of neighbors for no reason, or just suddenly get majorly depressed. Yet no time in many months have I felt the kind of despair and grandiosity I often felt as an effect of my schizoaffective diagnosis, formerly diagnosed as bipolar1 with psychotic features. This leaves me wondering how I will emerge in society as countries and states ease lockdowns. I’m hoping for the world learning something thtough this period, as I have. Traditionally many positive changes can come to a society after a pandemic, such as the Renaissance after the Medieval plague, or calculus during the London disease outbreak during the Enlightenment. As for me, I’ll do my part to never stop learning and get to know myself. With the help of my counselor, I get the sense that at least I’ll be okay. Please wear a mask."
175868729,"I have Major Depressive Disorder and Social Anxiety Disorder. I have had it most of my life but I have been medicated since I was 13. I am now 21 (also a male, if that is relevant). Most of my issues I have solved through years of therapy and trying many different drugs to find the right one (I am thankful everyday for the support of my family). I am not really socially anxious anymore and I don't worry about what people think of me nearly as much (half thanks to my medication and half thanks to just putting myself out there over and over and facing my fears) but I still struggle with symptoms that seem like they are social anxiety. When I'm hanging out with people (even people I don't know very well), I'm generally totally comfortable until the numbers start to get big. This is very noticable for me since I am in a fraternity and generally help to set up the parties so I'm there for pretty much the entire party. Once a certain number of people are around I get very uncomfortable and I get this wei
rd ""brain fog"" where I can't think straight. The more people talking at once and the louder they are talking, the stronger the effect. It is to the point that there is a certain bar where I live that I can't be in there for any long periods of time because the music is super loud and people have to yell over it so it creates a lot of noise. I sometimes wonder if this has something to do with the fact that I am empathetic to an extent that it is harmful to me. Essentially I actually feel the things that I see/hear/feel other people feeling. Certainly not to the full extent, but the effect is pretty potent just the same. I mostly watch cartoons for this reasons because seeing the expressions of good actors during sad scenes (depictions of grief/loss usually) is too much for me. It almost feels like when I'm at a big gathering my brain is trying to decipher the feelings of everyone around me and empathize. Has anyone else ever felt like this? Does anyone know of anything that might help besides what I've alrea
dy tried? I won't be changing my medication; although this symptom is definitely still something I struggle with my life has been vastly improved by my current medication regimen. I used to think that my empathetic nature was a gift and a burden I must bear to realize my full potential and my purpose bestowed. I still feel it was an important gift but I'm beginning to believe that finding some way to control it certainly wouldn't be a bad thing."
175868730,"_PERSON_, I’m so sorry that you are dealing with this too. Unfortunately, my wife’s delusions and hallucinations keep getting more and more frequent, at this point “normalcy” is a rarity. Even if she isn’t hearing things, she is complaining about everything, including about things she “heard” previously. It’s really, really bad."
175868731,"Bipolar or Depression? Heart Test May Help Tell the Difference~ A simple 15-minute electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG) can help determine whether a patient has major depression or bipolar disorder , according to a new study by researchers with Loyola Medicine in Chicago. The findings, published in the World Journal of Biological Psychiatry, show that heart rate variability ( variations in the time intervals between heartbeats ) can help differentiate between the two disorders . Bipolar disorder is commonly misdiagnosed as major depression , which can be detrimental to the patient, since treatment plans for the disorders are very different. In bipolar disorder — with its emotional, manic highs, and severe depression — treatment involves an antidepressant along with a safeguard such as a mood stabilizer or antipsychotic drug to prevent a switch to a manic episode. A physician who misdiagnoses bipolar disorder as major depression could inadvertently trigger a manic episode by prescribing an antidepress
ant without a safeguard mood stabilizing drug . “Having a noninvasive, easy-to-use, and affordable test to differentiate between major depression and bipolar disorder would be a major breakthrough in both psychiatric and primary care practices,” said senior author _PERSON_, M.D., Ph.D., professor of psychiatry and behavioral neurosciences and medical director of adult psychiatry. Read more here : https://psychcentral.com/news/2017/11/22/bipolar-or-depression-heart-test-may-help-tell-the-difference/129100.html?li_source=LI&li_medium=popular17"
175868732,I know what you mean. Having anxiety/depression and psychosis sucks. My panic attacks have made me a shut in. I’m afraid to go to the store or meet people. I’ve tried many drugs. Nothing helps.
175868733,I might add an interesting perspective....if you have multiple alters that at some point had not been aware of each other (as in DID) is it still lying if one alter believes something different about themselves to another? Could you be accused or tried for fraud if one alter acted as if they had a certain condition whilst another was unaware that alter existed and carried no memories of those events? which one is lying if they BOTH REALLY BELIEVE they are the 'original self'?
175868734,That’s great news !
175868735,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175868736,"The voices we hear have us running on fumes. It seems like we can not escape them. I say the world does not stop why should we. The voices do not let up but why do we think we should give up on progressing in life. I hear voices they tell me all types of things like “your ugly” “we are Satanists” “we can see you” “we know what you did”. I try to tell them yeah right I did nothing wrong. But they insist they got me “I’m the bad guy”. I have wondered why people with this condition worry about these voices, it is like they will get them, I have felt them I have seen them (closed eye hallucination). They can’t really do anything. If you would like me to tell you how I handle them I would love to tell you what work for me. I have experienced people in line behind me tell me horrible things, you may think it is the individual saying it but its not it’s the voices. I have learned that they want you to stop progressing in life. I have heard many things about them from other schizo
phrenics that they are angry, they are broken, they are miserable. I am not here to make you worry but to clear things up. This is a journey for me I only want to educate people on how to handle them. I feel like I have a savior complex I always want to rescue those being trampled on by those who have the advantage or who are in the high places. I am not here to talk about what went wrong but what to do with what we got. We all have been through hearing voices. What I noticed are key components in each schizophrenic’s story that can help to manage are symptoms or these voices. What you know can help so I say share what you know about them in this forum."
175868737,"newswise.com Scientists Identify Source of Weight Gain From Antipsychotics DALLAS – May 12, 2021 – Scientists with UT Southwestern’s _NAME_. Brain Institute have identified the molecular mechanism that can cause wei"
175868738,Does your pdoc know you do that? You shouldn’t use clozapine as a prn. It’s not meant for that
175868739,"Schizoaffective disorder is a chronic mental health condition characterized primarily by symptoms of schizophrenia, such as hallucinations or delusions, and symptoms of a mood disorder, such as mania and depression. Reading _USER_ID_'s content on schizophrenia and bipolar disorder will offer many overlapping resources for schizoaffective disorder. Because schizoaffective disorder is less well-studied than the other two conditions, many interventions are borrowed from their treatment approaches. Many people with schizoaffective disorder are often incorrectly diagnosed at first with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia because it shares symptoms of multiple mental health conditions. Schizoaffective disorder is seen in about 0.3% of the population. Men and women experience schizoaffective disorder at the same rate, but men often develop the illness at an earlier age. Schizoaffective disorder can be managed effectively with medication and therapy. Co-occurring substance use disorders are a serious risk an
d require integrated treatment. Symptoms The symptoms of schizoaffective disorder can be severe and need to be monitored closely. Depending on the type of mood disorder diagnosed, depression or bipolar disorder, people will experience different symptoms: Hallucinations, which are seeing or hearing things that aren’t there. Delusions, which are false, fixed beliefs that are held regardless of contradictory evidence. Disorganized thinking. A person may switch very quickly from one topic to another or provide answers that are completely unrelated. Depressed mood. If a person has been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder depressive type they will experience feelings of sadness, emptiness, feelings of worthlessness or other symptoms of depression. Manic behavior. If a person has been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder: bipolar type they will experience feelings of euphoria, racing thoughts, increased risky behavior and other symptoms of mania. Causes The exact cause of schizoaffective disorder is unknown
. A combination of causes may contribute to the development of schizoaffective disorder. Genetics. Schizoaffective disorder tends to run in families. This does not mean that if a relative has an illness, you will absolutely get it. But it does mean that there is a greater chance of you developing the illness. Brain chemistry and structure. Brain function and structure may be different in ways that science is only beginning to understand. Brain scans are helping to advance research in this area. Stress. Stressful events such as a death in the family, end of a marriage or loss of a job can trigger symptoms or an onset of the illness. Drug use. Psychoactive drugs such as LSD have been linked to the development of schizoaffective disorder. Diagnosis Schizoaffective disorder can be difficult to diagnose because it has symptoms of both schizophrenia and either depression or bipolar disorder. There are two major types of schizoaffective disorder: bipolar type and depressive type. To be diagnosed with schizoaffective 
disorder a person must have the following symptoms. A period during which there is a major mood disorder, either depression or mania, that occurs at the same time that symptoms of schizophrenia are present. Delusions or hallucinations for two or more weeks in the absence of a major mood episode. Symptoms that meet criteria for a major mood episode are present for the majority of the total duration of the illness. The abuse of drugs or a medication are not responsible for the symptoms. Treatment Schizoaffective disorder is treated and managed in several ways: Medications, including mood stabilizers, antipsychotic medications and antidepressants Psychotherapy, such as cognitive behavioral therapy or family-focused therapy Self-management strategies and education Click below to read further https://www._USER_ID_.org/Learn-More/Treatment/Mental-Health-Medications"
175868740,Sometimes a benzo can really take the edge off of manic agitation. When I felt it I would force myself to watch stand up comedy. Sorry you're going through this ((hugs))
175868741,I would prob cry if I saw something like that esp. if a group was laughing at him. during the onset of my illness the entire boarding school was laughing at me and I was so ashamed for sounding stupid.
175868742,"Crisis Information If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. If you believe you may be suicidal, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255) immediately, or consult their website at www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org. They are available 24/7 for anyone in suicidal crisis in the United States. If you suspect _NAME_ abuse, neglect, or exploitation, Click Here for state reporting numbers, or telephone the Eldercare Locator at 1-_PHONE_NO_. If someone is in immediate danger, call 911 or the local police for immediate help. If you suspect an abusive relationship, call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233) OR TTY 1-_PHONE_NO_ immediately, or consult their website at www.ndvh.org. They are available 24/7 for anyone in need of assistance within the United States. Don't forget to make use of other sources of support that you may have, such as: Friends and family Colleagues Counselors Clergy Other community members 
Support workers Other healthcare professionals Crisis center in your area. We wish you well and hope that you find the resources and support that you need. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard any professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on HealingWell. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175868743,No I’m on my phone and it’s now to the right side. Are you sure? _AT_MENTION_
175868744,Amen brother. _PHONE_NO_
175868745,I am currently on the best med I have tried out of 4 aps. Risperdal 6mg. I know thers no better meds but I still have this annoying feeling that there is a better med.
175868746,Liking the keys/rhodes kinda strums. Also nice dynamic bassline Nice chill track this.
175868747,I helped out my Brother in law who was an electrician for a couple of jobs. He had customers like that. Expect more and try and get you back for every little thing they think of or trying to get you to do other work in their house for them. It’s hard. I’d go back but be firm. You signed a contract. I did work. This is courtesy. This will cost you more. That is my approach to people like that.
175868748,"I MAY have had it most of my life. Mood swings for sure, and lots of depression, at least by age 14. And like up to 50% of Manic Depressives I survived child abuse. I figure I was LEARNING the mood swings back then. Elation at nice things happening, horror at Bad things happening, period of numbness suppressing/blocking it all out that becomes the ""Functional"" normal persona. I am much better now. Much Self Therapy and Professional in the last 17 years."
175868749,I like it 151515
175868750,"We come from similar backgrounds and have similar issues. I have never discussed things with anyone. I so regret that now. I have married 50 years and still am on anti depressants +. I never spoke to my husband about my situation. We've been together since high school. I tried once, but I just couldn't. I was drinking a lot also. I never even told various doctors I saw. Get the courage to tell someone. I believe once you still have the same relatiinship and it hasn't diminished by knowing , you might find happiness. I have 2 grown children and 2 grandchildren. I can't say that I. Am unhappy, I just wish I could tell someone. I kept a journal. It helped some. I knew it was not my fault. I was a child. I knew even then that no one deserves that. No one. I always tried to meet people one to one. Anyway, I lost a couple of people who really cared about me. Tell someone. Anyone you trust."
175868751,Did you get some sleep earlier today?
175868752,I received some bad news about my sister _PERSON_. She has stage 4 ovarian cancer. She goes next week to see what they can do about it. My mom said she has a few years to live. That's what they are saying now. I'm glad it's more than a few months. I feel numb today. I think I am in shock.
175868753,Thank you! I don’t even know what my final grades are because they never release them until the last day of the semester! It’s so weird.
175868754,"I’m going to be honest, I’m completely scared right now. Scared of the consequences of failing from my family and then also the effects on my mental state. I know I am capable, I don’t know how long for though. As though I burn up everyday and I’m getting more and more tired"
175868755,en.wikipedia.org Quinolinic acid | Psychiatric disorders The prefrontal cortices in the post-mortem brains of patients with major depression and bipolar depression contain increased quinolinic acid immunoreactivity compared to the brains of patients never having suffered from depression. The fact that NMDA receptor antagonists possess antidepressant properties suggests that increased levels of quinolinic acid in patients with depression may overactivate NMDA receptors. By inducing increased levels of quinolinic acid in the cerebral spinal fluid Increas...
175868756,"_AT_MENTION_ welcome to MSF My Support Forums. I am sorry that you have symptoms that disrupt your life and seemingly do not respond to meds on a regular basis. I am not an expert so do not take my response as advice, but a friend has med resistant challenges and has responded well to ECT (Electro Convulsive Therapy). They have tried most of the meds, and they do help, but getting back to their normal takes ECT. It may be something that may be worth discussing with your doctors. For more on ECT here are some articles that may be of interest Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) - Mayo Clinic Psychiatric News You are not alone although it can feel that way when things are out of control. Hope you get the support you need to live the life you want to live. _AT_MENTION_"
175868757,Thank you!!!
175868758,I don't know it has a certain flair to it.
175868759,Makes me think of a zen garden. Very peaceful
175868760,"I just now took the Rx, & I'm pretty sure I'll take supplements later."
175868761,congratulations on the new job =) i hope it will be nice and not too stressful
175868762,"Fully loaded on COVID antibodies. Had both shots, and had actual COVID in between shots. I’d imagine I’ve got a good amount of immunity going for me right now."
175868763,My cousin finds the drowsiness caused by his medication to be the hardest part. He struggles to wake up and is constantly falling asleep...such as in church!
175868764,"I also have BPD tendencies- on the surface, I don't have nagging fears of abandonment (although I do the idealization/devaluation thing quite well, thank you)- but they've never been put to the test, either. If my partner announced they were leaving... I'd probably be very upset, even if at the same time I sometimes mentally think I'm ready to be alone again. Maybe they [i]are[/i] consciously, or even unconsciously, trying to yank on that chain, a little. My gut reaction in that case: Call their bluff. Keep cool and if he wants to pack in slow motion... see how long he keeps doing it. I know a couple like that. They're back together, but still divorced. And get along better than they did when married. Yes, yes it is- for me anyway, and the person unfortunate enough to be with me... And no, it sure didn't."
175868765,Weight comes off very slowly. At least that's my experience when I lost 100lbs. Even if you're not noticing changes on the scale it's still making a difference
175868766,Do you speak a language besides English? Or can you program or do website designs? Upwork.com lets you create a freelancer profile and if they approve you (based on your skills) you can make quite a profit once you get good enough ratings. I do so much translation work it’s almost a second full-time job. I make roughly 500$ a month on it. There’s also customer support jobs if you’re willing to work 5-8 hours 4-6 days a week.
175868767,I take Cymbalta. I like it.
175868768,"I have been stable for the past 6 years. The visual hallucinations started when I was a toddler and culminated in 2003 with my seeing a troll in my kitchen stealing my water bottles. (Everyone has a kitchen troll, right?) When the psychosis passed, I realized that was a whopper of a hallucination and checked myself into the hospital. Several years later, I was finally placed on 2 antipsychotics and an antidepressant and have been stable ever since. Before that, it was lights, shadows, and voices from far away. I have kept a job for the past 5 years and even just changed jobs to a W@H job! I'm stable and hope to stay that way for a very long time. At least, until I lose my medical coverage, I should remain that way. I hope everyone will have a happy new year and wish you all the best!"
175868769,Good going _AT_MENTION_ !
175868770,I wish people like her treated sz patients.
175868771,"Hi, I — a non native english speaker with an Interest in SzPD — just wanted to say hello. So… hello! That's all for the beginning, I think."
175868772,How are all my friends here? I miss you all <3 <3 <3
174336582,"Yes, I do. My mother was not diagnosed with schizophrenia until I was a late teenager. I have signed up for the family support group on https://sardaa.org/"
175868773,"Please join me in the serenity prayer. God, grant me the wisdom to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. For the person who still suffers, pray."
175868774,Thanks - It was a blast to build it up. So now I need to decide that what will be the next pseudo-language to try. Maybe swedish?
174336689,"That sounds like I'm not a medical professional, and I can't diagnose you, but this sounds like Schizoaffective. Schizaffective is having bipolar symptoms by themselves, and having psychotic symptoms by themselves too. Thinking your family is killing cats because a couple disappeared sounds a lot like psychosis (which is what paranoia is) and showing symptoms of bipolar, even if you think they're less severe, are still symptoms of bipolar."
175868775,Hugs SK.....hope you feel better soon. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175868776,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ My mother talked me into getting it done with the guy who works with me first thing this morning just to get it out of the way It took us about 2 1/2 hours to get it done between us Glad I did not leave it until tonight - otherwise I’d never have got it done He has paid there £200 now and that’s it Lesson learned that if I get really difficult people contact me, I need to be stronger and walk from a project"
175868777,_PERSON_ How about doing a muscle relaxation?
175868778,Went to the store. Almost had a panic attack. It sucks. I hate my panic attacks!
175868779,"I had two vaccinations also. The first one I just had a sore arm, but the second one gave me body aches and chills. Some people get pretty sick but it only lasts a few hours. After that my arm itched. It is still a little sore but not bad. I too would rather put up with a little discomfort than have covid-19. I am proud of you too _NAME_. They told me after two weeks we are pretty much protected. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175868780,"Thanks, hopefully it will be good for negative symptoms. _AT_MENTION_"
175868781,"Hi, I’m Glad to hear you’re both doing better. A pandemic can certainly bring about symptoms, I’m assuming that’s what has happened to my dad who was in remission for almost 15 years before now. He’s currently hospitalized, I can’t visit and My uncle who is power of attorney is the only one who can get info. The last time he was hospitalized I was a child and I have no clue as to how to navigate this as an adult. We’ve gotten so close in the last years and it kills me that he’s stuck there. I totally revitalized his entire house since he’s been away but because he’s in Canada and I’m in US visiting is near impossible. I just can’t wait for him to get well and back home."
175868782,I did not sleep two nights ago and finally caught up with my sleep. I feel fine. I took a shower and feel great again! I took my medication daily but was obsessed about what I should do to earn extra money. I think I would like to do medical translations and writing. It will allow me to stay at home and do my work. I also like my current job so I will build on it and see what I can do. Life is not bad!!
175868783,I guess your diagnosis is psychosis nos _AT_MENTION_
175868784,"You can try Aristada, it’s very similar to Ability but is specifically for sz and sza whereas Ability is better for bipolar. I switched from In Vega to Aristada and am happier."
175868786,"My sister told me to write down the problems I had with my parents parenting. I consider myself a covert schizoid. I'm posting this to see what others may think of me or yourselves. Anything sound similar? Do you think I may be out of line with any of this? Keep in mind I wrote this quickly so it's incomplete and everything won't make sense or be in context. Horrible Example / Destructive Action 1. Parents let kid date adult man when everyone else knew it was wrong. Eventually leading to abusive relationship. DA 2. No idea what teen kids are doing. Drugs. If knew didn’t do anything about it. DA 3. One kid almost didn’t graduate high school. DA 4. Dad said “don’t want him to not like us” when suggesting anger management for kid. Oldest child actually suggested it in 8th. grade. But of course too serious for parents to deal with. DA 5. Had kid who literally cried or was angry every single day during his childhood and did nothing about it. Verbatim from mother, “you were either angry or cr
ying until 11 years old then it just stopped except for the anger. That stayed.” DA 6. Spanked kid continuously knowing that it wasn’t helping. DA 7. Mental illness on mothers side of family and horrible family dynamics of fathers side and they saw no need to ever course correct or to even take in to account. DA 8. Parents have never shown any respect for children’s opinions on anything. DA 9. Dad didn’t care what his kids thought about future wife. Unknown why he married her. Can only theorize a reason because father doesn’t speak on anything of importance. 10. Dad hates two of new wifes kids but marries her anyways. Doesn’t like any of her family either. Never compliments his wife or says anything good about her. Horrible example. 11. Puts himself before children in most important of situations. 12. Father walked around during his wedding reception and joked about “really making a mistake this time.” Another horrible example. 13. Both parents are highly negative. Father even joking about it 
being better when he’s dead on a somewhat consistent basis. 14. Both parents set horrible examples for their children that have ruined large parts of their love lives. 15. One daughter divorced quickly and dated abuser. Another daughter dated alcoholic. Son has never even had a long term relationship. 16. Father never set a good male role model and was completely emotionally unavailable to whole family. 17. Mother has major depression and had to practically beg father to let her talk to a psychiatrist even though father knew her family history. Also probably has generalized anxiety disorder, but of course laughed at her son when he suggested it. 18. Father didn’t let mother go to hospital when she clearly broke her arm. Children had to tell them to go. 19. Parents divorced and kids don’t know why. Think maybe mother cheated on father. Father filed for divorce even though he puts up with anything. 20. Mother may have driven father away because she knew she was going to inherit money. 21. Parents close bu
siness and don’t even try to sell it. Complain about real estate agent who suggested going through standard process to sell business. Obscure stubbornness. 22. Parents have no communication with kids about any important life topic. Never have. Probably because it’s too hard for them as they are emotionally distant people. 23. Parents appear to be the most stubborn people in the world. They should be studied by scientists as an anomaly. 24. Father was the “man of the house” during childhood, but in reality is a push over who took the lead role in the house in order to avoid any serious communication. Theorized. 25. Father built secret room in house to be alone in even though there was a finished basement with a bathroom and bed. May not have wanted to ask son to move out of basement, which son was using as his own private space consistently. Of course, would have meant a serious conversation. His secret room had a bookshelf doorway. Psychiatrists would get a kick out of that. 26. Parents have questiona
ble relationship with friend who may have been the one mother cheated on with and after friend repeatedly treats mother like $#%^ at work. Father puts up with this and doesn’t stand up for wife. 27. Mother stays friends with woman who got caught stealing from peoples homes. 28. Rampant divorce on one side of family. 29. After mother receives inheritance her arrogance increases. 30. Mother apparently yelled a lot during childhood. 31. Son doesn’t remember lots of childhood. Probably because of emotional turmoil from always being angry, sad, and getting spanked. 32. Parents both lie a lot. Largely lying by omission. Have probably also done this throughout children’s childhoods. 33. Son rarely talks to parents in last year but parents don’t even ask why. Emblematic of their avoidance of difficult subject matters. 34. Parents would rather avoid and lose relationship than talk about difficult topics. 35. Parents view selves as morally superior despite above treatment of children and complete lack of respec
t of other people even when they have broken bones. Use moral superiority reasoning to avoid conversation. Claim people who talk meanly are below them even though these people would never treat children like they have. They seem delusional. 36. Father marries second wife who is accepting of his emotional vacancy. 37. Second wife has been married to 3 emotionally unavailable men. Horrible example for children."
175868787,"On the subject of microdosing magic mushrooms, I did that for a year with no notable results. I could do a large dose of mushrooms and feel better for about two weeks, But the small doses did nothing."
175868788,That’s really lovely.
175868789,I don’t Like the way Nature Does business
174337484,"So I have a dual (or is that co-morbid) diagnosis of Schizoaffective Disorder and EUPD and have been informed that it's a dangerous combination. I've also been told that they mimic Each other's symptoms. Personally I can't tell the difference, not really. I know this isn't really a question but does anyone else have experience f these two Together? Thanks in Advance."
175868790,Full keyboard is great. 4 octaves is about as small as I like to go. I have a 2 octave keyboard but I find it impossible to play anything on it without running out of space.
175868791,"It is unclear whether early psychosis in the context of cannabis use is different from psychosis without cannabis. We investigated this issue by examining whether abnormalities in oculomotor control differ between patients with psychosis with and without a history of cannabis use. We studied four groups: patients in the early phase of psychosis with a history of cannabis use (EPC; n = 28); patients in the early phase of psychosis without (EPNC; n = 25); controls with a history of cannabis use (HCC; n = 16); and controls without (HCNC; n = 22). We studied smooth pursuit eye movements using a stimulus with sinusoidal waveform at three target frequencies (0.2, 0.4 and 0.6 Hz). Participants also performed 40 antisaccade trials. There were no differences between the EPC and EPNC groups in diagnosis, symptom severity or level of functioning. We found evidence for a cannabis effect ( ? 2 = 23.14, p < 0.001), patient effect ( ? 2 = 4.84, p = 0.028) and patient × cannabis effect ( ? 2 = 4.20, p = 0.04) for 
smooth pursuit velocity gain. There was a large difference between EPC and EPNC ( g = 0.76–0.86) with impairment in the non cannabis using group. We found no significant effect for antisaccade error whereas patients had fewer valid trials compared to controls. These data indicate that impairment of smooth pursuit in psychosis is more severe in patients without a history of cannabis use. This is consistent with the notion that the severity of neurobiological alterations in psychosis is lower in patients whose illness developed in the context of cannabis use. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41537-021-00155-2?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+npjschz%2Frss%2Fcurrent+(npj+Schizophrenia)"
175868792,"Hmmm, made me think of closing the gap between you and your husband."
175868793,yea i get that feeling sometimes too…
175868794,*mod _USER_ID_*
175868795,Took my morning meds.
175868796,Living on a prayer by bon _USER_ID_
175868797,"Me and my pdoc are very open and he gave me the diagnosis I have of bipolar with schizophrenia and psychopathic tendencies. I manage to remain calm with anti psychotics but I am still very much psychotic I just learned to live with it. The raised in hell part comes from the fact that my dad would inject amphetamine, my mum was in and out of mental hospitals and I had a step dad for a year while my dad was in prison when I was 8 and he prostituted my body out for a lot of money. Being honest although most of my voices are negative I love them as they got me through those moments of being sold for sex having something to distract me and now whenever I get anxious or frightened I just zone in to the voices and even though they are mostly nasty I am calm. I have manic episodes when I am completely uncontrollable and episodes of depression the psychopathic tendencies only come into play when I’m manic I will gladly hurt someone whom I feel deserves it although this is always directed towards rapists o
r peados as o feel they deserve it. But my psychiatrist said the way I feel no remorse or guilt or any feeling whatsoever other than cold satisfaction makes me have psychopathic tendencies. I am also 32 and I have abused my body greatly so like you I am now trying to live healthier in order to live longer. Thank you for taking the time to reply."
174337725,"I have been taking some natural remedies for schizophrenia which I found in a herbal book under ""Schizophrenia"". I have also been doing chakra healing from a book. I have found these remedies have helped hugely. I am still confused by the voices, though I have been finding them easier to ignore and have been able to do the things I have to do, instead of just sitting listening to them. I have been taking these remedies for a few months now."
175868798,"Thank you. It’s not too bad, but I often get dizzy"
175868799,"There was a lot of homeless mentally ill people in reno when I lived there, I’ve given some food when I was younger, now I’m afraid of them but it was a constant reminder that if I ever stopped meds or did drugs again that would be me. I don’t understand why people send aid to other countries and go on missions when our own country people are suffering and have nothing, in the us at least."
175868800,Isnt that illegal without consesnt for pdocs to share files ? That what a pdoc told me.
175868802,"It's Not a Phase, Mom: When Youth Live With Bipolar Disorder Bipolar Disorder in youth isn't your typical teenager mood swings The Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto, Canada, reports that 2 to 5 percent of adolescents suffer from bipolar disorder. This is similar to the incidence rate in adults, which is estimated to be around 2.8 percent. Further, youth who have a first-degree relative with the illness are five to 10 times more likely to be diagnosed than the general population. Even though bipolar disorder is the fourth most disabling condition for adolescents globally, young people reaching out for help seldom find adequate support. Bipolar disorder is characterized by alternating periods of depression and mania, with intervals of normal mood in between. The Journal of Psychiatric Nursing reports that in children the disorder is characterized by high irritability and manic-depressive episodes that are either longer than normal or rapid cycling. However, as they move through adolescence
, their symptoms take on a closer resemblance to the adult form of the illness. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/talking-about-trauma/202104/its-not-phase-mom-when-youth-live-bipolar-disorder love and hugs - sun"
175868803,I’m bored too. That’s probably my biggest problem right now.
175868804,You might get more responses if you create a separate new topic for that _AT_MENTION_ . People might not see your question at the end of this thread.
175868805,"Hi, I hope a lot of you managed to stop the remote broadcasts as they are as bad as revenge porn attacks though more covert and 24/7. I know one day we will be acknowledged as whistle blowers."
174337964,How do you find sarcosine works? Does anyone else have experience with it?
175868806,Maybe try and antipsychotic on this list that’s said to help with negative symptoms a lot https://www.thelancet.com/article/S0140-6736(19)31135-3/fulltext
175868807,Congrats and well done. I wish you all the best and success
175868808,"Is this along the lines of, a contemplative life is a happy life? Not sure I’m following your logic"
175868809,"I'm not sure whether you are intending to have a conversation or are just orating because there's another poster name in the topic. When did I tell you that you have memories you can't forget? (Although, memories by definition are things that we have not forgotten....yet. ) It is not ""known"" that SPD is inherited. It is ""thought"" that there is a genetic component because of linkage studies to relatives with schizophrenia. However, since there is no predictive element, it is at the very least an epigenetic disorder, even given your anecdotal data point. Also....""Anacyclosis and cliodynamics."" not sciences. No mechanism. No empirical tests."
175868811,I have one and used to use it a lot. I even learned to sew boxer briefs!
174338418,"The best I can offer, and this may or may not be useful: Most antipsychotics block dopamine When dopamine is low prolactin goes up High prolactin can reduce testosterone and estrogen This will reduce (but not eliminate) your NEED for releasing. It may take time for your body to 'get used to' it - like a month it took me (after a month off meds), and in the interim you might be drowsy. That passes."
175868812,"7-29-19 Song ""Band Plays On"" by _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ Roll Said ""listen to"" as I concluded this song vs the next. Next being better, song ""Seven"" by Army of the Pharaoh, Planetary, Chief _PERSON_, King _PERSON_, _PERSON_ the Last _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and _NAME_. 7-29-19 Reminiscing ""working on it"" to full blown, fluent English as of thee Over Soul, Will, in this body. 7-29-19 Song ""Throw it up - remix"" by Young Buck, _NAME_, Pastor _NAME_ said ""stupid bitch"" after I concluded the same about the ""you won"" comment on FB. 7-29-19 Note: there should be a staged diploma (redo school) being labeled (year of diploma) but also free? 7-29-19 Song ""Stay Fly"" by Three 6 Mafia, Young Buck, 8Ball, and MJG said ""drank that purple"" as I drank ""wild purple smash"" (singles to go). 7-29-19 Free styling and said ""love"" right when seeing it on the wall. 8-2-19 ""no one ever promised tomorrow"" said in the song ""Today Right Now"" by Ugly Heroes"" when in telepathy about longevi
ty. 8-2-19 Looked outside and saw a Fed Ex _NAME_ and said ""why couldn't of you been a USPS truck""? 8-2-19 Song said ""we know"" when I reiterated I get meds in the mail. Song ""Forever"" by _NAME_, _PERSON_ West, _NAME_, and _PERSON_. 8-2-19 Song ""Award Tour"" by A Tribe Called Quest said ""mic in their hand"" when I announced ""bathroom break"" (telepathy pause ethics). Means ""control"" but once thought d***. 8-2-19 Song ""Last Night"" by Kid 'N Play said ""mmm"" while I was brushing my teeth. 8-2-19 Song ""ASAP"" by T.I. said ""hot temper"" after I ate some jalapeno peppers. 8-4-19 Thought about when I was going to meet with my case manager and the clock said ""12:14"" concluded the 14th. 8-5-19 Song ""That's All She Wrote"" by T.I. and _PERSON_ said ""barrel of hate"" when I was about to unlike the song. 8-5-19 Song ""Down South"" by _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and _PERSON_ said ""wood grain"" as I was going to adjust the volume, my hand near the oak wood grain on my stand."
175868813,Post away. You have some great skills.
174338270,"I will be 50 this week. I posted about this on another forum. 15 years ago I was diagnosed with stpd and with sad the doctors disagreed. I didnt believe any of them. I actually felt I there was nothing wrong. I ran away and never looked back. Today I filed bankruptcy and closed my 6th business in a row. I have been fired 11 times and killed 6 businesses (restaurants, wood shops, and churches) I am living in a sunday school rooms with my family in a church building donated to us to start a ministry. Tomorrow I have meeting with a counselor. Today was spent in lawyers office, fighting with my wife, and listening to my customers being upset that I went out of business and they lost their money. This past friday I decided I think maybe my doctors were correct and something is wrong with me. I mean I have either been fired or lost business 17 times in 15 years and lived in 8 states. Here are my real life symptoms, 1. I exaggerate things that I can do. I mean I know I can do them, I have done them. No ma
tter what I do I always feel as if I am the top of my field. 2. I dominate and control every conversation. 3. I only have distant friends - literally live hours or days from me and only speak with them on facebook. I have no real life friends. I do have a wife and kids but they are alienated by me. 4. Within 6 mo to 1 year I alienate all my coworkers employees or bosses and I am let go, or they quit me. 5. In churches people find my sermons engaging- but I alienate them and have zero desire to visit with them outside of church or office. This results in me being fired. 6. I love talking with people- anyone anywhere. But not if it is not my idea. For example I love public speaking. But put me in a crowded store I will hurt people around me trying to get out. 7. I create people's history and motivations, many times it is accurate too. But it is evil and devisive to do so. So they way they walk, hold a cup, or what color their shirt and suddenly I beleive things about them to the point of violence. 8. Even thoug
h I cannot stand most people, I have a strong charisma that lets me close sales and manipulate people. _PERSON_ I am educated and well informed, or full of bull it lets me get thru meetings. But on the inside I do not like them. 9. Left to my own devices I isolate myself. 10. I have strong feelings that people are plotting against me, and sudden movements, or loud noise and I can react and hurt somebody fast. 11. I am dracononian in all my responses. I have no interest in coming to an understanding. If I enter conflict there is only one outcome either total submission by the other or I destroy them. Yes this has become violent in the past- luckily I have not ""fought"" in over a few years now. As I warn people know to back off before I make them wish they had. I have no sense of moderation in this. I get so angry I have broken my teeth in half clenching them. 12. I have not been happy in years. Death does not frighten me, it appeals to me. But pain and whatmy kids would do without me stops me. But most days I 
feel cheated I woke up. I am so angry all the time and alone- but I hate almost every thing around me. And really it is difficult to see anything but flaws. But I have learned to where a mask and hide this. 13. My physical health has plummeted as well. 14. I do sometimes believe things- but they make logical sense but not to others. Usually about other people that I can clearly see the truth about them, but no one else can. 15. Until this month I thought I was genius. That I had a mind for business leadership and design. And I do have great ideas- I am told this alot. But I fail at implementing them- every single time. My wife has started calling me Job. 16. I have the sex drive of a satyr- all the time neverending. I have actually debating being made a eunuch to stop it- but the doctor told me those impulses would never leave- just my ability to act on them. 17. Lastly I always believe the world is about to end and when it doesnt I feel cheated. How much of this stuff is because Im a jerk>? or becuase of som
e type of schizo diagnosis. I dont know. I dont know if I am schizo- but I know I am pissed. and I am bankrupt. And I would like to be happy. BTW my dad was bipolar, my bro is paranoid schizophrenic wit grandiose narcissim, my other brother is psychotic thinks plankton stole his heart. So if my diag is true it fits with family. So I am trying to find answers and maybe hope."
175868814,"Except that there is really no correct process in creativity. Both my books that I wrote back in ‘15 and ‘16 I wrote in about a weeks time or less very quickly. Later on I did some intense editing but I think as far as writing goes it’s ok to get your ideas out there, on the paper, as quickly as they’re still fresh. Everybody’s process is different tho I don’t think there’s a right or wrong process in writing"
175868815,yea it makes sense… it prob isn’t easy to do… but if they can make meds that fight the positive symptoms and they know what receptor is working for negative symptoms that they would have at least already have had some med that affects it.
175868816,"Hi, I just happened on the Wikipedia article on Schizoid Personality Disorder today, and I felt a real shock of recognition at many of the descriptions. I am outwardly a very stable, employed, married middle aged man, admired for my stoicism and even keel generally. Hah. Inwardly, I am usually writhing with discomfort when I am around other people. But I would not say that I am overall extremely unhappy, perhaps mildly depressed at all times. I still get great enjoyment at simply observing the outside world, enjoying food and drink, or appreciating music, art, and literature. Anyway, I guess I am about to go on a little journey of self-discovery, although I think many on this forum will think to themselves, at this, what is there to discover, and what do you think you will do about it anyway? And I agree with that. But right now I want to ask about memory issues. I have a bit of a technical job, which has always come very easy to me, but I have noticed that I am forgetting work conversations, or de
cisions I have made, or even things I have written lately (last several years perhaps). Just this afternoon I wrote a long technical article for our company wiki, and when I went to publish it, I did a search to figure out where it should live, and I found an earlier article I wrote about the same topic! I had completely forgotten it! In fact I still don't remember writing it. And I only wrote it six weeks ago. This is honestly somewhat troubling. My first instinct as far as an explanation is that I find my work so tedious that I am kind of shielding my deeper self from it, so I put it off for as long as I can, and then I forget about it immediately after. I would like to add that the people I work with seem to think I do a fantastic job haha, and am insightful and caring, and all that. hahah. Thoughts please? I'm a little weirded out right now."
175868817,"I dont like it either, I just want the feeling gone. I cant get rid of it. Im trap in my own mind of fear and anxiety and paranioa."
175868818,"Look up mixed episodes if you don’t know. That’s what that sounds like to me, can’t sleep high strung."
175868819,"Waiting For The Bipolar Shoe To Drop This blog post is inspired by a comment I received. The question was posed – how do we continue to keep on going when we know that inevitably we will fall victim to our episodes. I have rapid cycling bipolar disorder, my episodes of mania, depression, or mixed states can last hours, days, weeks, months. I never know how long my old friend Depression is going to hang around. I never know how high my mania will take me, what danger it will tempt me into. I can’t know. That’s the nature of the beast. So how do I stay beautifully bipolar? I take it a day at a time. No, I wasn’t clever enough to come up with this simple solution on my own, my therapist taught it to me. All I have to worry about is today. What can I control today? What can I avoid? What can I do? Do not let the possibilities of the future scare you. More than once, I have considered ending it all. I am not the strongest, you should know that. I write this blog and for the most part I am able t
o put on my ruby red slippers, but sometimes I feel so much like the lion. It is easier to feel that the flip of a switch into the ultimate darkness. But that is not the way it works, dear reader, you are hear for a reason. I can not tell you what or why, but you are here and that is enough for me. And maybe it is a something that has not even happened yet. That is the exciting part. The future is too complicated. Yes, there will be episodes and symptoms. I have absolutely no doubt about that, but I am not prepared to live my life waiting for the next shoe to drop. I’ve done that. I have spent years doing that. Playing the what of if game. It does no good. It ruins today. Because, dear reader, you will have to face our episodes again and again. Check in with your support squad. Sometimes we feel like no one loves us or can’t or will not, but there are people who will. When things get too yucky for you to deal with, call 1(800) 273-8255. That is the national suicide hotline. They will listen any time, day 
or night. Someone cares. I know bipolar disorder is overwhelming. I know it can be all consuming. But I promise you it is easier if you take it a day at a time. Forget about tomorrow. Forget about how you will feel next week or next month or in five years. Live for today. Do the best you can do today, even if all that means is managing a shower and a bowl of cereal. Maybe it means applying of the job of your dreams. Whatever the case – today. That’s it. That is all you have to get through. Read more about being beautiful when your Bipolar in this folder! Tc (((hugs))) _PERSON_"
175868821,"As a person who has ingested a copious amount of mind altering substances, I can attest. I know first hand that getting wasted can set off symptoms. Seems we’re fated to face life sober if we’re to stay mentally stable. Good one."
175868822,I am experiencing the same thing. My Thoracic surgeon told me it's my anxiety but I know it's not something is wrong. I understand your frustration.
175868823,my good friend here in town has a business as _USER_ID_ _PERSON_…she designs and repros fifties dresses and aprons…
175868824,"Yes, I'm familiar with the Diathesis-Stress Model. I'm also quite set in the belief that environment/nurture is the greater contributing factor of the two, but I like getting people's thoughts on what they think played a greater role for them, so I have a more thorough perspective."
175868825,"I asked the schools admissions office for advice about my background and whether or not I should apply. I am waiting to see what they will say. I hope they are honest and truthful. I don't need accommodations and believe I can do well now given my stability. But, I don't know how they will respond. So, we shall see. I am thinking of only applying to one school this year for next year's class. I really hope to hear something positive from them. But, if not, I will be ok still."
175868826,"Hi _PERSON_, Sounds like you have a good plan. I hope you get to work in your store so it is closer. It always seemed to me that this type of job had a huge turnover. I worked in a convenience store/gas station for awhile and people came and went. I liked the job actually and worked there for awhile. I agree that when things get better, your fiance will too. He will probably stop sleeping as much. It is a great way to escape. If the company is expanding it is doing well. I hope you get a promotion that I think you deserve. Hopefully you can take over where the manager leaves off. I wish you the best. Thanks for posting. I hope you have an awesome day! Hugs, _NAME_... 12 More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
175868827,"My new book is being delivered from Amazon, tomorrow hopefully. An An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness by _NAME_"
175868828,The meds helped and therapy because I’m more aware of my delusions while having them and after.
175868829,Hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175868830,"My hair is getting long, but I don’t mind. Been awhile since I had long hair."
175868831,Why do they do this to me?!
175868832,"Hello AmuFern86, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate your taking the time to introduce yourself to your community and hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! We also wanted to let you know that our partner for this community may have more information about this situation so we have provided their contact information below. SARDAA Phone: (800) 493-2094 _EMAIL_ www.SARDAA.org We hope this helps in your search for answers. Thank you again for sharing! TeamInspire"
175868833,.
175868834,PFM & Peshay - unreleased remix (LTJ Bukem) - YouTube
175868835,"I feel tired, sad, lonely and unmotivated. I have to get dressed today for an appointment tomorrow. I am scared to get dressed. I'm afraid it will be difficult and cause a lot of pain. I can't cope with it today."
175868836,.
175868837,I experience issues like I'll be passed out not dreaming in a mid state of sleeping and awake and would hear someone call my name so vividly like there in the same house or room as me and I also seen shadows out corner of my eyes some times a quick white light as well also there is slight timing in my _NAME_ when it's completely quit but it doesn't hurt or bothers me at all I was told when this happens your tapped into the universe spirtual8 so you are seeing things that are there but there not to the naked eye if that makes sense so it's more of a spiritual thing scientist call it all these crazy names to make you feel insane but in all reality scientist can't explain spirtually so there ppl of facts so it doesn't exist until they have a personal experience that changes there life ya know
175868838,Sounds awesome
175868839,"When I was about 22 years old, I was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder bipolar type. I am 29 years old now, and still puzzled — What exactly constitutes schizoaffective disorder? Moreover, is the illness itself a diagnostic myth or a fact? No one wants to be labeled schizophrenic or even bipolar, but to be labeled schizoaffective — Is that a “worse” diagnosis or a “better” one? In the DSM-5, schizoaffective disorder is defined as “an uninterrupted period of illness during which there is a major mood episode (major depressive or manic) concurrent with criterion A of schizophrenia.” Criterion A of schizophrenia is all the classic schizophrenic symptoms, such as delusions, paranoia, hallucinations, etc.. So is schizoaffective, then simply, symptoms of schizophrenia combined with a mood episode? A quick search about schizoaffective disorder on Google scholar yields results indicating otherwise. In one study, authors found that schizoaffective disorder is genetically related to sch
izophrenia and bipolar and that it is essentially just psychotic mood disorder which should be treated as such because labeling it as schizoaffective (a definition invented in 1933) causes people to see the specific illness as a unification of two other diseases, namely, schizophrenia and bipolar. This unification of two other distinct illnesses into one leads to substandard treatment, since what people are calling schizoaffective disorder is actually psychotic mood disorder, an illness in its own right. So two question remain: Is schizoaffective disorder a myth or a fact? Possibly it is a myth, insofar as it should be seen as distinct psychotic mood disorder. Secondly, is schizoaffective a “worse” or “better” diagnosis than schizophrenia or bipolar? Well, there’s probably no way to judge such a question because all three illnesses, schizophrenia, bipolar, and schizoaffective (or, psychotic mood disorder) can lead to extremely grave consequences. In my personal experience having the diagnosis of sch
izoaffective disorder, I have found that the DSM-5 criteria do not exactly match my symptoms. It is true that I had the delusions and paranoia of criterion A of schizophrenia, but I do not think I was ever really suffering from a concurrent major mood episode that was major depressive or manic. I do believe that the phrase psychotic mood disorder could more aptly define my illness, as it seems my mood is somewhat abnormal all the time, even on medication. I think if one is diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder, one should definitely take an antipsychotic at least, to control the schizoid symptoms, and then work with one’s psychiatrist to control the seemingly all- pervasive strange mood element of the illness. Just prescribing an antidepressant to control major depressive or manic symptoms may not be enough, and even prescribing a mood stabilizer may not make one’s abnormal mood better. Personally, I think methods such as cognitive behavioral therapy should definitely be utilized to teach the individual 
diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder how to understand his or her own seemingly all-pervasive, strange mood better. This can lead to an acceptance of one’s own self, whereby the individual will not see his or her own mood disorder as something “black,” “ugly,” “demonic,” or otherwise stigmatized. CBT can teach the individual to simply note the differences in his or her own way of interacting with people compared to regular people, and then help the individual find ways of adjusting that seemingly automatic behavior properly. Again, in my own experience, I do find that the diagnosis of Schizoaffective disorder is tough to conquer. Psychosis, severe anxiety, severe depression, and mood disorder are all big challenges that should be tackled with a honed regimen of medication, CBT, and family support. Although I have been stable myself now for about five years, I am occasionally prone to outbursts if stressors get to high. Therefore, people diagnosed as Schizoaffective should remember that they a
re only human, like everyone else, and may experience strange and sometimes even almost indefinable symptoms from time to time, even when taking medication diligently. Read more here: https://psychcentral.com/blog/living-with-schizoaffective-disorder-myths-facts-and-prospects/"
175868840,Thank you so much. Yes I’m hopeful they will get to the root cause. Hopefully sooner than later.
175868841,"No idea, but I'm sure most would avoid getting dx-_NAME_ I would think a lot of artists as well as spiritual figures / teachers (that actually believe in what they're doing) would also be schizotypal"
175868842,"Sorry for your loss, Unsure. ((hugs))"
175868843,I’m sorry you get dismissed too. _PERSON_ you for the reassurance.
175868844,"My bad, text is such a pain for conveying what people actually mean. I graduated high school early because I only needed 4 credits for the nursing program I was applying for. It was a college program. I fast tracked by doing one of my classes in the summer before grade 12 and I was able to graduate a semester early because of that. Also I didn't end up attending college. I started working as a front desk clerk at a hotel after I was done high school then before I was supposed to start college I had a mental break down from stress and ended up in the hospital then backed out of school before it started. And as for having insight there were a lot of times in the past where I really did have delusions about him and didn't have insight about it until later on, hence having insight now. For example, after _PERSON_ got back together with his wife (at the time girlfriend - they weren't married yet) when he would refer to her as his girlfriend in interviews and livestreams I was convinced he was talking ab
out me and would argue with people about it when they would tell me he wasn't talking about me and this continued for months. I'm really not sure I'd call what I have erotomania since I've given up the idea that he loves me but I'm still convinced that we're meant to be together, that his lyrics prove it and that he married the wrong girl. I know my obsession with him has turned unhealthy. But as an update I've since spoken to my therapist and asked her to have our discussions in therapy surrounding this topic so hopefully I'll get some help with this, Thank you for your reply and I hope you and your system are doing well"
175868845,no logic to this one just art im thinking about
175868846,no
175868847,"I may get suspension, Chordy, but please get some backbone!"
175868848,"_AT_MENTION_, thank you so much for this post. I found it extremely helpful. (Thanks to those who have replied, too.) I was recently (finally) diagnosed with STPD and BPD. I understand the BPD, but am still finding my way with STPD as I've been denying/repressing it so long. Your post helped me with outlining how I can responsibly approach become more authentically myself. I friended you on Steam, thanks for posting that. I agree it would be good (for me) to know others on the schizo/psychosis spectrum, and I do like other people who aren't typical lol. I'm looking into how to meet others like me in my town."
174339645,"There's no rules for double posting, so long they're quality posts, which both of yours are. And yeah, this is something I do commonly too. When writing, I'm afraid to write things relating to death, because I think ""If I write it, it'll happen to me!"" I'm not sure if it's my schizophrenia thinking that or if it's my anxiety thinking that, or both."
175868849,Would make a beautiful painting..... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175868850,"He owes me £200 now I am supposed to go back today to finish the things he wants doing, but one is an extra technically, and the other he’s making a fuss about much of nothing What do you all think? Shall I cut ties with him and not go back, or do what he’s asked? I have a feeling this will be never ending with him picking holes in things"
175868851,The problem is not with sz in particular. Generally he doesn’t encourage me. It’s not just about sz. He is negative and toxic.
175868852,"Glad your going to give it a go As far as I am concerned, it’s a good alternative Good luck _AT_MENTION_ - I hope it works for you I am doing fine on 25mg, but I can take 50mg So far I have been waking odd times at night, but being going back to sleep A big problem before was I got agitated when I woke at night, and wouldn’t be able to sleep again That has stopped All the best"
175868853,"I'm not expecting anyone to answer cos everytime I've answered a post no-one else answers afterwards. I don't think anyone likes me but I've no idea why or wha tI'm doing wrong (I'm autistic too). I must be breaking some subtle social rule or something that I have no idea exists. But anyway I got round your feeling of wanting to disappear by creating new persona's and usually (in my younger days) moving around alot. So if I felt trapped in one life as one persona and got fed up of being who people were expecting I'd move, create new nickname, new back story and start again."
175868854,"I will keep silent and i will be careful to understand from their gestures and words and particular phrases, and from these I will conclude if they’re demons or robots."
175868855,"So, everyone, I’ve taken the 78mg dose of Invega and so far everything is going smoothly. I have to let you know at the end of the month. So far I don’t have any symptoms, no paranoia, or fear and no voices which is great. I’ve been feeling A LOT more motivated! I’ve been working on my business which is great!"
175868856,"No not yet. Europe played havoc with pfizer supplies. _USER_ID_-zeneca for over 50's here. The tga in Australia got their nickers in a knot because of a few blood clot cases that are actually unrelated. We are making pfizer here, and our gov medical people say pfizer is best for under 50's, me. Had my annual influenza jab, this was more pertinent for me. Good work on jabs TT and GB. HT"
175868857,thx for the insight my brother - your experience seems to be in line with the thought that meds (therapy and/or life skills) can help manage the untreated state love and hugs - sun
175868858,I am the opposite. When I try to hit the number of likes button I always accidentally hit the like button
175868859,Today has been a very bad day for me. I received some terrible news. It's ruined my entire day. I am down on myself. It's my fault. My mental health is causing me problems. People aren't understanding. I've done nothing but ruminate all day. I haven't been able to function or take care of myself.
175868860,Do you still work there or did you leave?
175868861,I hope you start feeling better _AT_MENTION_
175868862,"I read back through some of your older posts. To me, it seems like acute anxiety causing this. Back in June you were happy that your writing was improving, later this year you were complaining about your living conditions and now you are having trouble writing. It seems you think people think you're weird; can't comment on that, but it would be self-perpetuating. If you think you're seen as weird, you'll behave more weird. If you have a condition that appears out of the ordinary to others, embrace it. It's not going away and the more you focus on it the more awkward you'll become. Confidence trumps everything. If you can accept you're perceived weirdness and see it as a part of your personality and not some odd bolt-on that you don't want, then who has the right to say you're less or more than anyone else? I'd start with anti-anxiety stuff. Find something to help deal with the anxiety and see how it goes."
175868863,"That was a beautiful post, choiceless. I am being tortured too."
175868864,Hi adambucky. I recently found a book on CBT - Talking to Yourself: How Cognitive Behavior Therapy Can Change your Life - By Dr. _NAME_. I haven't gotten very far into it but seems like it really helpful to me. You may be able to find a copy at your library. Hope this helps!! Good Luck)
175868865,Good for you.
175868866,"I spent the day mostly talking with my voices. I was depressed & apprehensive part of the time, but overall it was better today. Although, I didn't fulfill the goals that I wanted to. We watched some tv, including half of a soccor game, San _NAME_ vs. Dallas. Also enjoyed some music."
175868867,"So sorry, I had to _USER_ID_ my post. It had a few typos. I actually was seeing a therapist recently, and I was feeling good about making progress. And then she retired ? so I’m bummed out about that. Looking for a new one that takes my insurance. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175868868,"Oof I forgot that I was asking you guys, I already ordered the succulent"
175868869,Isolation has always exacerbated my illness. weren't you working at some point? Could you try that or even just volunteer. Working forces me to be around people and have some sort of routine. Obv it pays money which is necessary for me but I also get more out of it than just a paycheck. Feeling responsible and productive. Sometimew I don't leave my house except to go to work. And sometimes that's all I need. Get out of the house and socialize. I complain about work but the truth is is that if I stopped working I know I would spiral
175868870,"_AT_MENTION_ is not banned. He is silenced until tomorrow. I suggest anger management. He is able to read responses. If you have suggestions on how to manage anger or would like to say why you love this site, go for it. Perhaps he will utilize the tips or come to understand why this site is so useful."
175868871,Cool! Can't wait to read your 'scientific' study one day. People in all kinds of societies perish. That's kind of our deal as mortals. Not sure why you want to turn your problems into some sort of political/societal clash though.
175868872,Hi Getting by I’m good thanks just had a busy week working out in my garden getting it ready for the summer. I forgot to post the weekly thread last week but will post one tomorrow. How’s you? Hibee More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
175868873,Hi folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. Hibee More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
174340376,I am diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder. I am in my early 30s and currently on medication to Manage my symptoms. I currently live in Montgomery county and I am looking for schizophrenic or schizoaffective support groups – I do not own a car so it would be easier if I could find some thing accessible through public transportation. If I can’t find one in person I would be more than happy to join an online zoom group.
175868874,"Considering the ever growing new-age movement, I wonder for how much longer the term ""magical thinking"" will last - given that, within that movement, people literally make things up as they go (there used to be some basis to that style of belief but now there rarely is)."
175868875,Kind of depressed today but mostly been doing okay.
175868876,"im gone til winter folks. feel free to post a picture of your dinner plate full of meat, so i can earn my first flag. to qoute keb mo “i like the old me better”"
175868877,I also wanted to let you know you are not alone. I have incontinence as a side effect of a med that makes me sleep so soundly I don't wake up in time. I wear heavier pads at night. I used to need them during the day and found a brand (Always) had thin ones that didn't show. I was allergic to them and found I didn't really need them but it might help you to try to find thinner pads for the day. Some of them hold a lot of urine. If it's not much at all I used to have patients (elderly women) who used period pads; I'm not sure how well that worked but I don't remember them being wet or smelly so apparently it did. Please let me know if I can help you in any way.
175868878,"Developing defects in everything related to the self-thoughts(self-knowledge// / personal beliefs /acquired culture) Is the main goal that the sz’s factor (hall) has seeks to achieve in the human host with many tactics ,whether the idea in form of theoretical concept or when converting it into an executive behavior During the first month of medication,the thought and ideas fall under double effect or even three ! There is a difference between verbal expression of self-thoughts (immediately after the occurrence of the sz and before taking drug),and the cases of defective expressions that accompany the use of drug for at least a month,and among other cases that continue for a long time without a known time,whether in the presence of drug or in absence In all cases,the effect of the sz’s factor (H) is much stronger than the influence of all the factors that regulate thought or its expression about it by verbal statements or its use in the interests of the person There is a disorder in thought and 
expression about it due to the effect of the drug that inhibiting the brain regions of speech production ,this coincides with the effect of the sz’s factor (H) on the thought process,concept of the self-ideas that treated mentally"
175868879,"Hi folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. I’m doing not to bad I have been enjoying the warm weather and getting jobs done in my garden. I dug out two vegetable patches and planted some potatoes, onions and carrots so looking forward to seeing how they grow. _PERSON_"
175868880,Do the pdocs assistants normally contact you to remind you ?
175868881,Done deed. 151515
175868882,"Hello frustratedhubby, I am not sure that feeding into her delusions is the right answer and you may not be able to get her to realize what is going on immediately however, you can continue to reach out for help to maintain your sanity. At some point you may also have to get a professional actively involved. Not sure how advanced your wife is but it may get worse. My son is 40 years old and has recently been diagnosed with schizophrenia, he is seeking help now but it has taken a couple of decades for him to realize he may need help. I know that is not very helpful but, my best advice is take care of your mental health and talk to professionals that are equipped to assist in these situations."
175868883,"Sleep is paramount to my mental stability. It is often a lack of sleep that brings on mania for me. (Don’t worry, I am not turning manic today). In fact, when I am in a manic phase I will sleep on average 2 hours a night and not feel tired. I don’t need the sleep. Mania’s got all the energy I need. At every psychiatry appointment my psychiatrist asks me how I am sleeping and for how many hours. He wants to make sure that I am getting enough sleep. He wants to check and see if my sleep pattern indicates an upcoming mood disturbance. He also wants to be sure I am not sleeping too much – a signal of depression in my case. So be mindful of your sleep. Don’t push yourself so hard that you don’t get adequate number of hours of sleep per night. Take naps if you need and can. Try to stick to a schedule that works for you. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/06/05/rest-for-a-while/"
175868884,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, you may also want to ask your question in our Coronavirus community. It is specifically for all things pertaining to Covid-19 and has over 1,400 members. You can read more by clicking the link below. Inspire community: Coronavirus We hope this helps! TeamInspire"
175868885,Meh. I managed 30. Interesting.
175868886,dovepress.com Cariprazine- a treatment option for depressive episodes | DDDT Cariprazine as a treatment option for depressive episodes associated with bipolar 1 disorder in adults: an evidence-based review of recent data
175868887,"yea i understand, the harder i try to fight it, the worse it gets, i cant win the battle no matter what i do. I feel hopeless"
175868888,When you were actively psychotic did it feel like your memories/memory changed? Wondering if that is common
175868889,"Ah, the good old virus. The nation is shutting down, much like the rest of the word. Here are a few things you can do to cheer up during this time of uncertainty. Dance Party – I love to dance. It does not have to be choreographed. It can be a wiggle in the shower (my favorite place to get down). Kitchens are a usual place to dance when we are frying up some dinner or our morning eggs and bacon, right? Once upon a time, years ago when mania came to visit far more often, I climbed up on the coffee table and danced while my puppy, Hope, watched me like I was crazy. (Guess what?) Dancing reminds me of my twenties and having a great time out with my friends at clubs, which in turn reminds me of my favorite bands or songs on the radio. Music lovers – I had a therapist tell me that music has the same effect on your brain as cocaine. Now, I have NEVER tried cocaine or any other drug that is not prescribed, but I have seen how the media makes it look and it looks. She told me to listen to music first t
hing in the morning and nothing that is sad or melancholy, but something to make me happy and energized. I have made an “Inspirational” Spotify playlist. When I need a little boost or encouragement, I have a little listen. Sing if you want or dance, whatever, just enjoy yourself. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/03/26/7-things-those-of-us-living-with-bipolar-disorder-can-do-now/"
175868890,"That christ came to give division is obvious. He literally said it (see _NAME_ 12, 51). It is like I explained, one group gets salvation and the other will perish, because Jesus' death also sanctioned the law like it is written in Hebrews 9, 16 For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator. The law is part of the old testament which was made official by the death of christ. God is now able to judge you by this law. I'm not saying he will, but officially seen he can. So you 're right. His word brings discord, but I don't think confusion and discord is the only consequence of writing a book that can be misinterpreted. An other consequence could be that it is interpreted right. You said that once you 're dead everything is ""forgiven"", but I assume you mean ""justified"". Forgive means to stop blaming or being angry with someone for something that person has done, or not punish him for something. I agree we deal with many problems when it comes to translation, bu
t I'm just trying to show you that I found all these patterns in the king _NAME_ version, when I don't know a lot of the Hebrew culture. And I don't know any Hebrew word. They have different letters."
175868891,I’ve made like six or seven YouTube videos so far now
175868892,"I used to do this a lot when I was younger. Finding it hard to understand others' subtleties, mimicking a character would help me role-play a situation to appear more normal. The problem, of course, is that it confuses people when they find you behaving differently in different situations. So, I tried just adopting certain characteristics rather than the whole character and that works better. It's ended up with me adopting characteristics that mirror my own thoughts but projected in a healthier way. I also tend to resort to a character if I'm telling a story originating from that character. For example, if I tell a joke then I'll take on the character of the comedian when I tell it, including accent and word structure. I once did a sales presentation to a room full of people as _PERSON_, because I'd been talking to one of the organisers and we'd got onto the subject of _PERSON_ and I started speaking like him and they asked me to do the whole thing as him."
175868893,Lol because of your name of course a plague doctor is gonna be immune!!
175868894,"Hi _PERSON_. Just life stuff here. I started back to school studying graphic arts. I am slammed every week with assignments. Last week I had 7 total, from 2 classes. Up at 6 am for a tutoring session. My eyes are heavy. How is everyone?"
175868895,"This is something to tinker with, thanks. Need Mc4r gene upregulation it looks like. Maybe some safe supplement can do this."
175868896,"Thank you for your acknowledgment upon this topic, getting back to the main point, that is that it's not 'thoughts' but Subvocalization that's being transmitted via some sort of telecommunication system, This is why your all taking toxic medications, and why the need for the opposition to adopt Zersetzung against us who can clearly see straight through the strawman agreement."
175868897,"I did take one of my moms prescription ones once but I woke up feeling like i was having a heart attack…couldn’t stand up and whatnot. Granted, I was psychotic at the time and paranoid of heart attack and medicine poisoning.I forget the name of it."
175868898,Good luck!!!
175868899,Yeah same here I’m convinced my real diagnosis is cannabis induced psychosis…but pdoc has me down as SZ The moment I quit marijuana use completely is when my auditory hallucinations and crazy ass delusions stopped
175868901,It was a long 7-8 hour car ride so maybe that's why I got frustrated. The weed etc helped a little.
175868902,I’m fully vaccinated.
175868903,"PubMed Comparison of Long-Acting Injectable Antipsychotics With Oral Antipsychotics... These findings suggest that LAI use in patients with newly diagnosed schizophrenia is associated with decreased all-cause mortality and suicide risk. Furthermore, early treatment with LAIs within the first 2 years of OAP initiation was associated..."
175868904,"If you are in a public cultural symposium,and you asked to speak about the hallucination or tell a story about something related it,it does not matter if you used the word “voices” But if you are trying to examining /explaining the basic nature of the hallucination with an objective scientific methodology ,you should use the term ""a phonetic thoughts-which are audible only for auditory perception of the listener "" In origin ,they are a thoughts not any kind of the common voices They are emerged thought by thought in the conscious mind by supernatural vocal mechanism Anyway,if you do not know this fact, and insist on not using the correct definition ,then what you said is irrelevant the objective science,but rather to the stories that are told in a public cultural symposium If people understanding the phenomenon as a voices,the scientific investigator should not say or understanding the matter like them ! In the other side,we think that,there is no scientific benefit that implies any compariso
ns between the sz,hallucination and another condition ,as long as there is a cognitive deficiency of what the nature of hallucination is (existentialism characteristics,functionalism,the mechanism of effect and the reactions outputs )"
175868905,Incan see you krkrkr
175868906,"My right wrist is tattooed with the word “Love.” The tattoo faces me. It faces me because I need it to remind me to love myself because, you see, sometimes I forget. It reminds me that God means love. It is a symbol of strength. But if you look closely enough you will see a scar – a line that runs between the “o” and the “v” of the words. It is a self-inflicted scar. Another reason I got the tattoo was to stop me from cutting up my right wrist. I wouldn’t want to ruin the tattoo, now would I? https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/04/10/bipolar-disorder-scars-trigger-warning/"
175868907,"Gotcha. The reason I ask is that I have Dilaudid for occasional flare ups, but I’m paranoid of become dependent. I never take it more than 2 days in a row, and stick to a limited dose. Just takes the edge off. Pain is much better today"
175868908,"YES. I never had them before lockdown, but in between waking and sleeping I experienced them a month or so ago. My boyfriend stayed the night and I saw him in the bathroom in a green shirt. I kept my eyes open saw him disappear into the bathroom and got up to investigate because he wasn’t responding to me saying his name. He was sound asleep in bed. I was so freaked out. It was like I saw his spirit, but he was still alive."
175868909,"_AT_MENTION_ is always a sweetie to me - and says stuff like what a nice bloke i am. She has often cheered me up, when ive been in the dumps feeling sorry for myself."
175868910,"If she's having delusions and auditory hallucinations, she will never see that it's in her brain bc they are real to her. It's not something you can reason with her about. You could talk to her doctor about it and see what your options are."
175868911,will do as such next time:)
175868912,I hate that you can’t see who replied when you try and reply… it makes it harder for me to reply
175868913,"7-21-19 Said ""What is she afraid of? Afraid of family!?"" Then I walk in front of a ""family"" plaque on the wall. 7-22-19 Song ""But you don't hear me tho"" by _PERSON_, The Lox, and Mtune said ""Bomb me"" when I was reiterating bombing the page on FB, sarcastically speaking. 7-24-19 Team TR: Case Manager and papers required at SH synchronized. 7-25-19 Song ""Sun come up - main"" by _PERSON_, _NAME_, T Pain, and _PERSON_ said each day of the week and ""Thursday"" when I looked up at my pill box at ""Thursday"". 7-25-19 Song ""Laffy Taffy"" by D4L said ""Sippin' Grey Goose"" while I was stuck between Juice (Singles to go) or V8. 7-25-19 Song ""Rap life"" by Diamond D, _PERSON_ said ""drill"" as I looked out the window at a man using one. 7-25-19 Song ""I'll bee dat"" by _PERSON_ had button press tones playing while I entered my FB pass. 7-25-19 Song ""_NAME_ here"" by KRS One said ""June 25th"" when I looked at my calendar ""25th of July"". 7-27-19 Song ""Grindin'"" by _PERSON_ said ""Never felt b
efore"" as I said ""felt"" about the liquor I drank at _NAME_. 7-27-19 Song ""Da next day"" by Big _PERSON_ and Big _NAME_ said ""Scholarship"" as I was discussing a choice between weed and tuition. 7-27-19 Thought about rappin' like Will _NAME_ then the next song was one of his son's called ""Fallen"" by _NAME_. 7-27-29 Watching Ancient Aliens episode ""Declassified Antarctica & Beyond"" showed a hole saying ""300 feet in diameter"" and I thought ""football field"" and the show followed the same. 7-28-19 Thought of the song ""Push it to the limit"" by _NAME_ playing ""Money in the grave"" by _NAME_ and _NAME_ and then said ""Limit"". 7-28-19 Trying to remember what Ad said something about ""pasta"" then the Noom ad said it. 7-28-19 Said ""Identity"" synchronized with ""The Weekly: Connecting the world"" on FX. 7-29-19 My quote ""talking is the kryptonite for poor people"". And ""Good for people: Republicans, Good for the environment: Democrats"". 7-29-19 Correctly guessed ""Army"" where a video on FB said it 
too when talking about the mass of socks he's accumulated in his 30's on the video ""20's vs 30's"" by _NAME_."
175868914,"I got vaccinated yesterday. Today I am a little tired. Other than that, I feel pretty good. I'm ready for a nap at the moment, but I'm waiting on my mom. She's supposed to pick something up. After she comes by, I will do a meditation and try to sleep for a while."
175868915,((hugs)) SP <3
175868916,Why is this posted in the success stories?
175868917,Done and thank you!
175868918,Hey there any update on this ?
175868919,"Mental illness is more prevalent than people may know. One in four people live with a mental illness. 2.8% of the United States population lives with bipolar disorder. 83% are classified as severe. Those are some meaningful numbers. Being beautiful bipolar has its extremes. We can be way up, or manic. Or we can be terrible sad or numb, or depressed. Sometimes it is hard for those around us to navigate our moods. I have heard that it may seem like walking on egg shells. We do not mean to be this way. I know, I know, it is our fluctuating moods. We have a mood disorder and for those of us live with bipolar disorder it is severe. I am not sure whether or not we can fault those who turn away from us. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/06/02/walking-out-on-your-disorder/"
175868920,Big hug for you _PERSON_…. I am so sorry that you're struggling.... The Schizophrenia board on here isn't very busy The Bipolar Board is busier if you'd like to join us and there's a number of people there with Schizo-affective disorder..... xo
175868921,Yes 1/2 hour worth from bananna tea… I have been up since busy busy.
175868922,"For fun, I might ask them questions to see the responses they have to them as a joke. Other than that, I see no reason to converse with AI. Is that a thing? Do people try to hold a conversation with _USER_ID_? I feel that this is separate to playing ""make believe"" with toys. Additionally, I think when it comes to children it is hard to navigate between what is normal child like behaviour and what is magical thinking because of a child's imagination. I had severe hallucinations as a child which was never addressed due to children being children."
175868923,I hate that feeling. It usually happens to me right before my psychosis acts up
175868924,"I agree that ""The symptoms (delusions and hallucinations) are not just meaningless chance happenings but, as regards their content, are in every respect significant psychic products..."" I like to try to psychoanalyze myself sometimes. One time, it silently snowed ashes for days Another time, I was very bemused by a floating translucent ghostly ottoman covered in paisley print < try explaining that one to mental health professionals In the past, I'd also experienced layers upon layers of grid systems made up of etheric translucent threads filling up the air all around me. Everywhere. They were animated and moved towards me in waves coming into my face, blinding me and trying to engulf me. I was unhappy about a ghostly man with longish, kinked, wiry hair who'd come visit me in the dark and followed me when I moved. I didn't like his eyes, or that he looked entertained that his appearances freaked me out. And a giant rat scurrying through a parking lot. It was hard to concentrate on the friend I was 
with at the time knowing there's no such thing as rats that big and my friend obviously couldn't see what I did. Also, a monster-wolf, who looked like he walked out of a _PERSON_ painting, woke me up because I could hear it sniffing near my ear and its breath moved my hair. It was looking down on me like it was waiting for me to move or something, so I lay still. I tried to sleep that night, but things kept waking me up with smacks and pinches. 'Twas an uncomfortable night. My biggest issue with this type of experience is that I like order - I like reality to follow the laws of reality - and the experiences did no such thing. The latter would have been a hypnagogic hallucination, but I'm not sure what types of hallucinations the others were. ^ Maybe the ottoman, grid systems, and guy were hypnagognic too. I know psychiatrists have said I experience phantoms and pseudo-psychosis too (not that I know the difference) As for meaning and delving into the subconscious, I'd say it would be almost a boundary intrusio
n to share so intimately, one's psyche, with another I Had a Dream Last Night"
174342253,We are considering ECT for our son who has schizophrenia. Anyone been through this? Has it helped? Thanks.
175868925,"My name is _NAME_ and I live with bipolar disorder I, I actually live with a severe case. Buy the book to learn more (There Comes a Light: A Memoir of Mental Illness). This diagnosis carries a lot of weight with it. Some of us want – no – need sex. Lots of sex, with people we don’t even know. A lot of us spend more money than we can afford to spend. We are amazingly talented. No one, and I mean no one, is as amazing as us. I have been that girl – the most amazing girl. When I am in a group of new people, I take a back seat until I figure out the dynamic. Well, one time I did the exact opposite. I met a group of ladies and decided to prove I was the most dazzling creature in the restaurant. I dove in and took over the conversation. If memory serves me right, I took over the conversation and chattered on about a tif I was having with my then boyfriend. I am sure it was annoying for one chick to come in the shin dig. That happened during a manic episode. (Don’t worry, I did exhibit other man
ic traits). https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/05/01/when-enough-is-enough-for-being-beautiul-bipolar/"
175868926,"Hello _PERSON_, I deal with the same issues as you. I’m working hard to get through. You are welcome to be my friend and perhaps we can brain storm some ideas together. I have been currently working on mindfulness and I joined a meditation group. I’m not go at meditating on my own. Also I’m trying to get at least 10 exercise a day. Let me know I’m here . _NAME_"
175868927,"I agree. We can't control everything. Relax and have a nice time. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175868928,I have severe PTSD. I am having bad anxiety and panic attacks. I have become a void of a person. I just feel like I’m going through the motions. I don’t even know how I ended up here again or did I ever really leave. I feel so lost.
175868929,Could someone reply here then @ me. Want to see if I get notifications
175868930,Does anyone have any updates on this? I have it constantly and it’s really stressing me. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness
175868931,I do better at night after tough days.
174342462,"honestly, you sound more like someone with schizoaffective disorder. schizotypals don't necessarily have strange or odd beliefs / perceptions or reasoning behind why they do or don't do things or what they experience. if anything, nuerotypicals / normal people / typical people may actually triviliaze them as being like their own ( ugh, i'm utterly disgusted by this , but it happens on and off and i have to tolerate it, whether it's mere ignorance, the antagonistic adult who is older than me trying to pigeonhole me or tell me how i should or shouldn't do things, or anyone else being unreasonable ), in other words, they'd likely call you ""normal"" or belittle you in some way, at least in my case, however, i haven't had any person literally in real life in person that had StPD to compare myself to, im talking about in mental health group settings. in real life, i probably seen / bumped into a few that might have been similar to me, but in mental health groups, nada, if so, i would have clearly notice
d. that being said, as someone with StPD and major depression, i don't relate to any of the things you mentioned, but then again, me saying you fit schizoaffective disorder doesn't really shed up much light either, at least for me, but for you, you do fit the mold of typical perceptions and experiences of that of schizoaffective disorder and / or schizotypal folks ( online ), since i haven't had any diverse enough reasoning from others on why exactly i was given such a diagnosis, but more specifically how i fit psychosis..., the only thing i seem to come back saying is we'll, i must be misdiagnosed...., but that doesn't necessarily help either, and trying to explain my life story and experiences every ######6 time to people from various places doesn't lead into a better place for me ( again, for ""me"" ), maybe i helped others, but not ""myself"" per say..."
175868932,"You my friend are ""hard core"". Listen to loud music, I mean really loud music, with headphones on, and drink some mexican vanilla or something. I mean it. That's all it takes."
175868933,"kkortes90 Welcome to Inspire! I have read your post three times, looking to see if I missed anything. You have a very heavy load on your plate, and it is certainly understandable that you would be depressed. Before making any suggestions to you, I would like to ask a question. What is the situation now with your brain tumor? Is it being monitored and what is the treatment plan for the future? Until I hear your reply I will be praying for you, that you will be able to deal with all that is going on. Be strong, and courageous."
175868934,"If you look up the book Personality Disorders in Mordern Life , it suggests that STPD exists kind of between avoidant and schizoid, with some schizotypal being more schizoid (""insipid"" type) and some being more avoidant (""timorous"" type). As for a snapshot into how we think... For me, social interaction is linked powerfully with emotional pain--hurt, anxiety, paranoia, betrayal, deep insecurities, fearing for my safety, etc. It's not an inability or desire to connect. The desire is definitely there and seems to make the pain worse. It's like wanting a hug, but feeling like everyone is made out of needles. I hope that addresses your question."
175868935,I have been at my job for two years now. Got my mid year review yesterday and got a meets on everything. An exceeds would be better but usually I haven’t gotten a meets on everything and was marginal. My boss said I improved greatly. I am so happy. I still want a new job but at least I am not going to get fired anytime soon I guess. I can’t keep pace with normies anymore but I guess I am am making it. I have a pretty good job with benefits and a retirement and a 401k. I even get a raise soon. I think right about now. I have a government job. They say it’s hard to get fired from a government job but with schizophrenia I got used to getting fired or having to quit.
175868936,Thank you so very much for sharing this info. I am looking for methods to help my daughter that do not involve meds since she has had such bad experiences on many of them.
174342688,"Hello, I'm new to this group. Happy to have found it! I'm 24 and have schizoaffective disorder. In addition to this, I am still going through PTSD from incidents that happened around the time the symptoms started. Is there anyone else who is suffering from PTSD in addition to this disorder? Just wondering and always looking for new coping skills. Wishing everyone the best."
174342613,"This will be a long read so I apologize in advance but I really need other people's opinions. In 2016 I graduated high school a semester early, got into a competitive practical nursing program and started working full-time at a hotel as a front desk clerk. I seemed to have a lot going for me but I was self injuring every day, having nightmares (about work and about my abusive mother/childhood) every night, having multiple panic attacks daily, was too stressed to eat at work (which got to the point where one of my managers started buying me dinner almost every night that he worked with me because he noticed I wouldn't eat), my coworkers were concerned about me, my anxiety was through the roof, I would steal my dad and stepmom's alcohol almost every night and come into work hungover or still half drunk (I even had to leave work within an hour of being there one morning because I felt so sick I was sure I would vomit behind the desk), and I was constantly in fear of losing my job. I wanted to quit but 
my dad installed surveillance cameras in all the hotels owned by the owner of the one I worked at and I wanted to keep up a good family reputation (which of course only added pressure). I also was taken advantage of (ie. when I was supposed to work a 6 or 8 hour shift I would end up working a 12 or 14 hour shift because coworkers would call in often and my managers would ask me to stay ""only an hour later"" then keep asking and I had trouble saying no). This continued for 4 months until I couldn't take it anymore then had a mental breakdown and ended up in a psychiatric unit of a hospital for 5 months. My dad and stepmom said they didn't want me living with them anymore if I wasn't working or going to school and when I was in the hospital it occurred to me that I didn't want to be a nurse and wasn't really going to school for myself but rather because my parents wanted me to go to school and because society told me I should. So I backed out of school. While I was in the hospital I was moved from a crisis uni
t to a longer term unit then worker with a social worker whom helped find me a place to live. In 2017 I moved into a grouphome for adults with mental illness. I applied for disability and later got accepted and have been on it since. But before that I got myself kicked out of the grouphome because I had my first full-blown psychotic episode. I believe it was probably due to so many major life changes happening so quickly. I went from being in school then losing my grandmother (she died when I was in my last year of highschool), to working almost 60 hours a week, to being in the hospital for 5 months, to getting kicked out of my parents house at 17 years old then being at risk of homelessness. Also while I was in the hospital I fell in love with another patient there, a 25 year old man I'll call M. I thought M felt the same way back. He felt like my saving grace at the time. He was the light in all that darkness. My family even invited him over for dinners when the hospital let me have day passes and they love
d him. Him and I were like best friends over night and the first time we actually had a conversation was when I was about to jump in front of a car (we were both in the long-term unit by that time and that unit allowed patients to go outside for 20 minutes at a time unsupervised for smoke breaks and there was an intersection by the smoking area because the hospital was on a busy street) so in a weird way it felt like he saved my life. But the last time I saw him he rejected me (I had asked if he would ever date me and he said he probably never would because I was ""too immature, too unstable, too codependent and too young"", which hurt me deeply at the time but I can understand it now). Anyways so before I got myself kicked out I was still obsessed with him despite him rejecting me. I have always been this way when I've loved someone unfortunately. So I was still holding onto the idea of being with him despite his somewhat harsh rejection and it felt like the only thing keeping me alive at that point really. 
I think I wouldn't be alive right now if it weren't for meeting him (even though the most serious suicide attempt I've ever had happened after I realized he would never come back honestly). When I lived at that grouphome I decided to go off of all of my psychiatric medications and was convinced I didn't need them anymore. Trying to remember everything from that episode is a little difficult now because it's a bit of a blur but I do know that I talked faster than normal, believed I was ""finally happy"", the staff members at the grouphome were concerned and kept asking if I was bipolar, I was speaking faster than usual, I was having flight of ideas as a symptom and delusions of grandeur, I believed a lot of very strange things (ie. that I was the ruler of the moon but that it was actually a different planet than people on this planet thought it was and that all the citizens on my planet could hear my thoughts and that the sun would crash into the earth which would kill everybody but that my alien soul would go 
back to that planet where it belonged so I could go be queen/ruler again, I also believed I was an alien and a god and was pregnant with an alien baby.. I usually don't tell people because it causes a ton of shame and embarrassment), I think I was sleeping a lot less or didn't feel like sleeping and I ended up getting arrested because I set my clothes on fire in celebration of the world ending and my new life/""destiny"" beginning. I ended up getting a mental health diversion so my charges were dropped and I was diagnosed with schizoaffective bipolar but I'm not sure if it is a misdiagnosis or not because I never had hallucinations, only delusions. I'm also not sure I've had a manic episode since. I've had manic symptoms since but not like that I believe. I do still struggle with delusions, racing thoughts, rapid/pressured speech,irritability and delusions of reference though. The whole point of me making this (very long - lol sorry) post is because I'm not sure if that diagnosis is correct and my family and 
friends believe I have erotomania. Since I was 11 I have been obsessed with the lead singer of a pop punk band that has been gaining more popularity over the years but they aren't what I'd call ""famous like _PERSON_"" y'know? Anyways, since I was a child I believed I was meant to be with this man. I will call him J. I still believe that. In 2018 I met him on May 11th. 9 days later he posted a lyric online about wanting to be able to love someone that was head over heels in love with him but not being able to. He was working on a new album at the time. The night that I met him I wanted to stay with him and I wanted to pursue a relationship with him. I remember that day other fans speculated that he was still dating his, now wife but at the time, ex but my intuition told me he was single and the album he put out later proved my instinct correct. I have had delusions about this same celebrity in the past but I am 99.9% sure that one of the songs he wrote is about me and I still think him and I are meant to be t
ogether even though he's married and I have no idea how to move on from him. I also believe he can hear my thoughts and that that song proves it and that it truly is possible and that it's just one of those things where people don't know it's a possible thing yet. But there's a part of me that is scared I'm delusional again. I don't want to be but I don't know what's real and what's not anymore and what makes me want to seek help is that my obsession with him has really started to take over my life. He's all I think about. I've attempted suicide over him several times already. I relapsed into drugs because of the heartbreak of seeing him get married. I feel unsafe in my own body. And I want to go back to work and school again and get my life back on track but I went through 2 incredibly painful heartbreaks within a matter of a few years and other things I haven't even mentioned here such as sexual assault from a drug dealer, being addicted to then getting sober from drugs (for the record I had my psychotic sy
mptoms before I touched any drugs with the exception of marijuana), having a very close friend die and quitting self harming and my eating disorder habits despite all of this. I kind of just went on a tangent by accident (I do also have ADHD) but really what I'm trying to say is I don't know what to do, Very few psychiatric professionals around here even know what erotomania is and I'm already on antipsychotics and it doesn't take these thoughts or the obsession away and I feel unsafe in my own body. Any help would be appreciated, hope this made sense"
175868937,"Interesting, so then do you think your PD is more nature or nurture?"
175868938,"Hi all. It’s been a while since I’ve posted. Four days ago I gave birth to a handsome boy, our first child. Ugh, my anxiety started as soon as I got an epidural. I had worried the idea of not being able to feel a large portion of my body would make me anxious, and it did. After delivery when the majority of delivery craziness had calmed down I was sitting on the bed and just felt anxiety kick in. Worrying why my leg hasn’t started to get more feeling back into it when the other one had; was something wrong? Did the anesthesiologist hit something and now I’m not going to get feeling back? Of course my mind started racing and I just felt totally taken over by panic. My head felt funny, I didn’t feel like talking to anyone in the room, my heart was racing and I felt like I couldn’t swallow I was terrified I was going to pass out when I never have an have no idea what it feels like. I was so embarrassed when the nurse asked what was wrong and said she would get the dr to come in and talk to 
me. I didn’t want to talk I felt like I couldn’t I was in such a whirlwind of worry. After my husband comforting me and time passing I felt better and came “out of” my attack. I knew in my head the anxiety from the stupid epidural is what I threw me into this anxiety attack but I couldn’t talk myself out of feeling it and worrying at the time. I shared with my nurse, now that my pulse rate was back to a normal number, that I have a history of anxiety attacks and that I was worried about the after birth time as it’s my first child and I know my body feels so many different ways. She explained of course it would, over the past 2 days of labor and delivery it’s like my body was hit by a _NAME_ truck or id run a marathon. My legs feeling weak and shaky from being pulled back so far and hard during birth was the explanation I knew but couldn’t shake, something must be really wrong with me for my legs to feel this way still a few days after giving birth. My chest feels heavier and when I think about 
it I notice it’s putting me into anxiety mode again, but like she said my breasts have grown so much getting ready for baby and they are heavier which will make my chest feel like it’s harder to breathe sometimes. ALL of these things I’m feeling she said are normal as my body adjusts to what it just went through, along with sleep deprivation and this anxiety, making me feel and recognize everything happening in my body even more. I’m so sorry for the super long post but I’m hoping other women with anxiety disorders who have given birth can share some of their thoughts and feelings they had and how they dealt best. I’m thankful my husband is home until June as I don’t know if I could do all this alone right now. Anyone who could share their experience with similar situation would be so appreciated. Thank you in advance. Worrying over every feeling anxious mom over here"
175868939,"It’s worse when I go from sitting to standing, or when I bend over. Yes, also if I stand for too long, sometimes. I don’t think I have pooling in my feet"
175868940,"Erm, motor nerves can be triggered by a bunch of things. Not just neuro deficiency. Caffeine, Nicotine and even just random electric signals from your CNS may trigger it. Shakiness maybe due to adrenaline(Anxiety people has these quite often). If functionality is not compromised, your doctor is right. Just relax, accept it, and it will get better with time! Take care, stay safe. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175868941,Feel free to create a thread topic in the schizoaffective section.
175868942,"Also I want to be clear it very well could be something else. Idk, it’s weird that I’m burning through my meds without being sleepy at all. My self efficacy doesnt feel elevated like it does when I’m manic, but I feel high strung and pissed off, like everything is agitating me. I’m not tired but my head is killing me."
175868943,"Hi everyone, Like many posts that I've read, I haven't been officially diagnosed with SPD yet but I think I have it since a lot of my behavior fits the criteria perfectly. My wife actually brought it up to me over a year ago after noticing the patterns for a long time and since then I have been educating myself on the condition. I started self treatment with an audio book and 1-2 months of online therapy but had to cut it short because I relocated. Both were very helpful though particularly since finding a therapist who has experience diagnosing and treating it has been difficult. Fortunately, I found a PsyD who has experience with SPD that I finally got an appointment with after talking to him back and forth about availability for about a year so I'm happy about that. Some background information: I initially suffered from anxiety/depression/OCD from my late teens onward (I'm almost 47 now) that went undiagnosed and untreated up until about 3 years ago when, again, my wife had a sobering conversati
on with me about how it was adversely affecting our relationship and our young daughter so I sought treatment immediately from a Psychiatrist. He diagnosed me with chronic, low-grade depression and treated me with Lexapro initially followed by the addition of Wellbutrin for added effect which has helped significantly but is not perfect. It gives me night sweats, makes me very sleepy and crushes my already-low libido with the latter being the most problematic issue right now. After being on the Wellbutrin for over two years I gradually discontinued it on my own about a month ago in an attempt to ease up the somulence and low libido side affects and I'm still doing well on the Lexapro alone. After high school, I never had any long-terms friends that I stay in touch with at all. I've met a lot of nice people, short-term friends and acquaintances over the last 20-25 years but nothing ""sticks"" long term. I only had one HS friend at my wedding in 2011 and by then we had not seen each other in quite a few years bu
t I still invited him to my wedding. I haven't seen him since. In all fairness, I did make an effort on several occasions to reach out to people I had been friends/friendly with at various stages of my life but it was never reciprocated so I got turned off quickly to the point where I haven't reached out to anyone in many years and have no desire to or desire to make new friends. I love my solitary activities and alone time so my wife and I came to a ""socialization"" agreement where we socialize with couple friends on a fairly regular basis which took some time but I do genuinely enjoy it in limited doses. I was also not an engaged father to my 7 1/2 daughter which I have taken drastic steps to improve on and things are much better now. My biggest concern right now is my marriage - specifically my sex life which my wife has brought up to me several times over the last few years. She does not like the fact that I do not initiate intimacy at all, ever! Let's not say ever, but extremely infrequently to the poin
t where many months will go by with no sex. Now, between me being 47 in a few days, on the libido-killer _PERSON_/Wellbutrin and likely having SPD - we can see what my wife and I are up against. To be fair, she is no sexual dynamo either. She doesn't want it that often but she also NEVER initiates because she thinks the man is always suppose to do that which I disagree with. I'm initiating more than half of the time but, after being together 10 years, it would be a real turn on if she initiated and took what she wanted. I can get aroused, have an orgasm, am attracted to her and desire to have sex when turned on so I don't think I'm a hopeless SPD case as she has sometimes eluded to. FYI, she's 45 y/o and suffers from PMDD (think PMS on steroids!) for which she takes Zoloft which kills her own libido so it's not all me. We haven't had any intimacy in over 6 months but the last two times we did I initiated. When we go this long without sex she feels distant increasingly uninterested in having sex although it do
esn't take much to get her back on track. I love my wife and daughter and I'm committed to doing whatever possible to improve this part of my life. I have good intentions, am optimistic about my chances at a successful marriage and don't think I'm a severe case but at times I'm also disheartened to know there is no cure for SPD and that this is going to be a life long struggle to live WITH it and not get over it and be cured. My first appt to discuss all of this with my PsyD therapist is next week!"
175868944,"never gotten an email, but it would be nice, since I’m mostly on laptop, and me and the phone typically disagree. except pics, and texts."
175868945,yea i wonder same thing…
175868946,Yes that would be nice.
175868947,"how wonderful that you found stability!! _PERSON_ hug yourself, you are awesome what a great story you have. _PERSON_"
175868948,"There were a couple people here with bpd, but I don't know if they still post. I would google it and see what you come up with, there could be groups or forums that deal with this. Do you see a psychiatrist? Have you read any books on it? Best wishes... _PERSON_, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?"
175868949,"Yes, i know. I don’t want to complain. I’m not ungrateful. But it’s difficult"
175868950,I've had the crowd voices where one voice is louder and more demanding and the rest is like standing in a room full of people. I've had random sentences of different voices come into my head. Most of the time it's just random. Sometimes it can get paranoid or mean. I've had my own internal voices say mean paranoid things to me. I've heard my name being shouted outside from different rooms or talking or other auditory hallucinations. I don't like the paranoid or mean voices. It gets really bad that I end up crying or not wanting to leave the house.
175868951,"Mania Manic Episode What Is Mania? Mania is a state of elevated energy, mood, and behavior, most often seen in those with bipolar disorder, schizoaffective disorder, or who have taken certain drugs or medications. While the feelings present in mania can be positive, energetic, or even euphoric, they may also manifest more negatively—as emotions like irritation, anxiety, or grandiosity. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/basics/mania love and hugs - sun"
175868952,I'm doing okay. Had a stressful week last week but things are looking up.
175868953,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LPS7E-0tuA Vice documentary on gang stalking
174343920,"I tried sarcosine a number of years ago when I thought I was experiencing negative symptoms. The last time I took it, I experienced 4-6 hours worth of panic attacks back to back. I thought I was going to have a psychotic break from the stress of it. I never took it again. I was disappointed because I actually felt it might be helping for the loss of spontaneous speech. Psychotic rage? As in you have a break from reality when you go into a rage?"
175868954,"i get what you mean about ignorance is bliss, especially if you can find a comfort zone that gives you bliss. comfort zones could have as much validity and integrity as most things. my comfort zone for a lot of my sz is to have an access point mode and an existence cloud mode but never to connect the two. the blurry lines when connecting specific and expansive perspectives is a sz nightmare. i just let the cloud fish when i'm expansive and when i'm specific i try and be apt and give each _USER_ID_ a one to ten subscription. hope this helps with any conspiracy theories."
175868955,Anxiety is often related to depression.... I have to be honest just like speedwalker. In addition to: Meditating Exercising Deep breathing Talk therapy every other week (for over a year now) Healthy nutrition Avoiding alcohol and all other stimulants Taking long walks in nature Bonding and talking with close friends I also take a light antidepressant.... and once you find the right one (and that is The whole ordeal) it will be helping with your recovery... good luck to you. Hope this helps. Xo
175868956,Congratulations and good luck!
175868957,Feeling okay I guess.
175868958,Very good. She is talented
175868959,I got triggered this morning by the number 2 set in my kitchen timer. (The number 2 has been a triggering element for me for a long time although I don't know what it's supposed to mean.) I'd forgotten I set it myself the night before and for a minute I thought someone broke into my apartment and set the timer. But I told myself I must have done it and an hour or so later I remembered I'd set it myself when I was making _PERSON_. So this is all good that I managed this trigger but now I'm anxious as it can take awhile for me to calm down after I get triggered. Time for some DBT I think.
175868960,The group couldn’t keep their cool when they saw fish balls on the Chinese food menu.
175868961,April 2020 Meds taken; IS(1) Invega Trinza ~mg 1st[]2nd[]3rd[]4th[]5th[]6th[]7th[]8th[]9th[]10th[]11th[]12th[]13th[]14th[]15th[]16th[]17th[]18th[]19th[]20th[]21st[]22nd[]23rd[]24th[]25th[]26th[]27th[]28th[]29th[]30th[] VYZ(2) Vyvanse 60mg EVERY MORNING Mon Apr 5th - Only 1 Vyvanse 30mg Sat Apr 10 30mg Vyvanse DX(3) Dexedrine 5mg 5-10MG A DAY 1st[3]2nd[2]3rd[2]4th[2]5th[2]6th[2]7th[2]8th[2]9th[2]10th[2]11th[2]12th[2]13th[2]14th[1]15th[2]16th[2]17th[2]18th[2]19th[2]20th[2]21st[2]22nd[2]23rd[2]24th[2]25th[3]26th[3]27th[4]28th[1]29th[2]30th[2] AT(4) Atenolol 50mg EVERY 12 HOURS ZP(5) Zopiclone 3.75mg 1-2 A NIGHT PM:1st[2]2nd[2]3rd[1]4th[1]5th[1]6th[1]7th[2]8th[2]9th[2]10th[2]11th[2]12th[2]13th[3]14th[2]15th[2]16th[2]17th[2]18th[2]19th[3]20th[2]21st[2]22nd[2]23rd[2]24th[2]25th[2]26th[2]27th[2]28th[2]29th[2]30th[2] OL(6) Olanzepine 10mg EVERY EVENING Fri Apr 30 8:45pm 5mg olanzepine CL(7) Clonazepam 0.25mg PRN 1st[]2nd[]3rd[]4th[]5th[]6th[]7th[]8th[]9th[1]10th[]11th[]12th[]13th[]14th[]15th[]16th[]17th[]18
th[1]19th[]20th[]21st[1]22nd[]23rd[]24th[]25th[1]26th[]27th[]28th[1]29th[]30th[] Supplements taken (PM); VD Vitamin D 1000iu EVERY DAY FO Fish oil 4 EVERY DAY VC Vitamin C 1000mg EVERY DAY Nootropics taken; CO Coffee EVERY DAY NC Nicotine EVERY DAY
175868962,"I recently lost my eldest dog _PERSON_. When does grief become depression when does depression trigger schizophrenia symptoms. _PERSON_ was a massive part of my life, I lost her in may during lockdown my vets were amazing they set her up on a drip so they could social distance and administer the euthanasia I could hold my baby as she passed. I came home to a lonely dog who looked for his sister. My paranoia and conspiracy theories had been running wild since Covid anyway but the funk that followed the death of my girl was awful was it grief or had it crossed the line into a full blown depression it reminded me of when my son passed away from potters syndrome did I have post natal depression or was I naturally grieving the loss of a child. I don’t have the answers but with my arthritis another dog was not an option but my kitten ? was _PERSON_ is a little life saver. Do you have pets and do they help you"
175868963,I didn’t mean for this post to get off my original comment.
175868964,My gawd why did I click on this. The original poster has blocked me and maybe others on here should too. Ha.
175868965,"For myself, i imagined the person more as a shadow figure. I read on another thread on the Schizotypal board that someone like us could have a more ingrained fear for our own parents (good or bad parents). So when i think of this situation of living with anyone, I think its very naturally ingraned in a case like this. For the arranged marriage being so forceful in nature and even your perception of a women (symbolized by _NAME_) I think the idea of being made to marry someone like that is what was causing this comfortableness in your youth. For myself, as a child, i imagined that shadow figure could represent someone maybe i am afraid of not knowing well or them becoming a threat to me somehow. I always had a weird fear of someone i had to live with becoming a threat to me in some way. I would imagine myself stuck inside a wall too and something evil keeping me confined there and i would be forced to listen to their words. Presently i am more afraid of having to live with someone and then unfortuna
tely having to see them in the afterlife too once i am done with seeing them. I don't know why i think this way because it is probably wrong but there is something really bothering me about seeing that person in the afterlife because i knew them well in this life somehow."
175868966,"yes i too noticed, but been in a difficult situation and not posting. Sending positives, HT"
175868967,I don't wanna fall into the black hole of health anxiety so I am struggling whether to go back to the neurologist for another check-in with him. He specifically told me to go back only if I found impairments. I only have weird symptoms that I cant wrap my head around. I am lost
174344393,"I've found antipsychotics that work for me, and the voices are pretty much gone btw I've been on clozapine too and found olanzapine to have harsher side effects. Can you ask your pdoc to take it all at night so it doesn't make you sleep too much during the day?"
175868968,Going to get a case manager/care coordinator soon. It's short term like 2 to 6 months. I had one last year and it was helpful. I hope this one will be helpful too.
175868969,"There is some evidence that depression might be genetic. It can affect every aspect of your life. This disorder comes with a sense of helplessness, hopelessness, and a sense powerlessness that can impact every aspect of your life. I know because I am bipolar and face depression periodically."
175868970,It does sound like depression. I'm sorry you're struggling so much. You're a very smart person and I relate to you in some ways with the drug use and search for answers. Sometimes I get lost in the analyzations and I have to force myself back into collective reality and outside of my own reality
175868971,"I'm not sure there is a ""common"" here. StPD is a small group of people with a wide variety of personality differences. Particularly when it comes to sex. Some literature claims they can be nymphos while some claim they are more asexual. Two years is quite a long time to not have sex with a co-habiting couple in general though but it sounds unsurprising if he was never a very sexually motivated person and is now at an age where testosterone begins to decline."
175868972,Magnesium is good for anxiety. _PERSON_
175868973,"IDK. 8 months. It didn’t help me get better but it stopped me from getting worse. Actually, when they released me I felt pretty much the same as when I walked in. It was fun playing volleyball in there; I gotta give the staff that much credit at least."
175868974,"Same. Last gym I joined had t.v. sets blaring. As if anyone can work out to t.v. When the gym did have music on inst of t.v. it was awful, so I had to get my own. It was a necessity. I enjoy working out to trance music ( not my usual genre). For other areas of life eg. walking, train rides, working, I never wear them."
174344746,"Thank you. I have been taking zinc vitamins, using crystals for chakra healing, by putting the relevant crystal on each chakra and lying down. The crystals are: _NAME_, carnelian, citrine, adventurine, blue agate, lapis lazuli, and amethyst, going from root chakra upwards. I have also been taking tinctures: 2 parts passion flower, 1 part _NAME_, 1 part valerian, half part ginger. With the passion flower being a teaspoon full, about three times a day for about three weeks, then on the 4th week, I take passion flower and German chamomile teas for a week, then rest a week, then take the tinctures for 3 weeks again. I am feeling much healthier, but am still taking my antipsychotic medication, olanzapine on a low dosage. It is awful, to hear about the symptoms and side effects."
175868975,"As a bipolar, prior to taking medicine (I take Lithium for the mania and Miartazapine anti-depressant for the depression), I've had that. I'm thinking it was a sign of anxiety. You mentioned something called ""dyspnea,"" which healthline.com said: ""The main symptom of dyspnea is labored breathing. It may last for a minute or two after strenuous activity."" As for the sings of anxiety, healthline.com says: • nervousness, restlessness, or being tense • feelings of danger, panic, or dread • rapid heart rate • rapid breathing, or hyperventilation • increased or heavy sweating • trembling or muscle twitching • weakness and lethargy • difficulty focusing or thinking clearly about anything other than the thing you’re worried about • insomnia I mentioned all of the symptoms because you may have more than just one sign of that possible situation. One of the clues seems to me to be your comment that: I"" don't think I need to see a doctor about this yet as I have many other issues I am d
ealing with at the moment."" That's what was happening with me, also. My mind was going so fast with anxiety, there was no way I could slow it down to decide to go to the doctor. To look up the possible name of a doctor in the yellow pages then, now on the computer, and actually get an appointment. My suggestion would be a psychiatrist. If you go to a regular doctor, he's liable to say, ""You're looking OK to me. You're walking around, aren't you?"" And you might take that as the gospel. A positive attitude would have also helped me then and possibly you now. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
175868976,"But seriously, I feel really bad for all of you about this ‘like button’ issue…"
175868977,try to take shower on equel interval… try self positive afformation… put on nice clothes …cleaned one … it might help…
175868978,Don’t think like that. Try to enjoy the small things in life. Like enjoying a good meal. Get some sun. Take a walk by the beach. When I’m feeling bad I try to focus on the simplest things. I clean or do the dishes. I try to focus in the moment. I used to take walks but my hip and knee hurts.
175868979,"I don't have incontinence, but I have extremely frequent urination due to med side effect. Sometimes I feel like having to pee runs my life. Anyway, I'm posting on your thread because I want to mention that there are a number of people on this forum who live with incontinence. You are definitely not alone here."
175868980,"_AT_MENTION_ welcome to MSF My Support Forums. I am sorry you have suffered from mania. But I am glad you are working with professionals to help you. Try not to be too judgmental of yourself when you are manic. The symptoms of mania as I have read are believing I am invincible and I am not sick. These may be of interest Mania | Psychology Today Schizoaffective Disorder | Psychology Today Feel free to reply here and tag me so I get a reminder _AT_MENTION_ Lifestyle changes, although not a cure, can help stabilize emotions in my experience. Some of the things that help me are exercise, mindfulness, yoga, healthy diet and support groups where others with similar symptoms. For example DBSA offers these online Zoom Support groups Group Profile: Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance | Support Groups Central or if that long link does not work try this Group Profile: Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance | Support Groups Central"
175868981,"Hi Everyone I wonder if its ok for me join in here? I have MD intensely and love video games (seen _NAME_ and Secrets of Mana mentioned) If anyone has seen Breath of the Wild on Switch my inner world is similar to that (with regard to the layout not the monsters) with areas of woods, lakes, snowy mountains etc. No desert though I'm not a fan of the desert and the creatures in my world are natural. Some cutesy, like little bunnies and fawns in the woods and some powerful predators in the mountains (snow leopards, eagles etc) Like BOTW there's a raised 'nursery/beginners area' where the cutesy animals live safely and the 'littles' I'm part of a DID system - one alter my name is _PERSON_. I think I may have more schizoid tendencies than the others I thrive on isolation so loving lockdown at the minute. No other alters having to take over to deal with things 'in the real world' such as appointments etc. Have been in Isolation since March other than a few short visits from support bubble family member a
nd deliveries of stuff. The Inner world is definitely more attractive than the outside world! I think those of us with strong inner worlds who enjoy getting lost in them (or video games) will survive better mentally through this winter pandemic than people dependant on others to make them feel happy or contentment. Sadly I see a lot of death coming in the real world, of people who can't survive without others. I think dementia cases will rise too from people not knowing what to do with themselves when isolated for so long. (I'm thinking of elderly and disabled who already live alone and feel they have to shield all winter to stand a chance of making it to next summer). _PERSON_"
175868982,Thank _PERSON_ much for sharing that ... I was on time and on point ...
175868983,"Hope you've been fine. But catastrophising is something we all excel at. Yes i agree with you it sucks. But we all combat the random symptom that happens and puts us in a downward spiral. Just like i was doing great and gymming well. Life's a blast then boom, just randomly you start to think why anxiety isn't appearing. When that happens. Lol, guess what. You're in for a few hours of 'fun'! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175868984,"I have schizoaffective disorder and really bad PTSD. I think going to a group with him will provide insight and coping strategies. I don't have anyone who understands me alive in person. However, I utilize YOU TUBE for many enlighten beings with coping tips and sometimes they seem real. It helps."
175868985,"Im sorry if im all over the place. Im not high functioning. I require a cocktail of medications including 2 antipsychotic. I raised a son, kept my husband's relationship but outside that I have no successes. It's a successful day if I get up, make a shake, take my meds and make dinner. I avoid the hospital just nearly. I'm learning to identify it early and call my psychiatrist as soon as something is off. I'm trying to build a relationship with a therapist. It seems like you may not have enough support out of the hospital. Are you able to see a therapist weekly? Are you seeing a marriage counselor? Is your wife seeing a therapist? So you'd have a check in with a professional 2x a week that can talk to your psychiatrist."
175868986,"Snowing here today. And unbelievably is supposed to be 70 tomorrow. We'll see. Tomorrow I get my second covid shot. I will be glad when that is over with. When my husband got his, he was sick for a day. Not looking forward to that. I love gardening. We haven't had one in a bit. Sometimes we have tomato plants in pots. Countryhearts, I am glad you went back to college. And the fact that it is taking your mind off of other things is awesome. Plus you are learning at the same time. I wish you the best fighting against the eviction. I hope you win the case. Have a good day you guys. Hugs, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
175868987,"Hi Countryhearts and _PERSON_, Raining here today. But we need it as it has been dry. Countryhearts, Awesome for you to be back at school. Graphic arts, cool!!! I am sorry you have so many assignments though. But keep up the fantastic work! I hope you both have an awesome day!!! Hugs, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
175868988,"I never thought my writing would come true. Though I believed it would undoubtedly be read or known. Which is why I do not journal anymore. It was eating me up. I'd have nightmares weekly. When I made the decision to move, I gathered everything I could find and burned it in the night. For years I'd be occasionally hit with panic since I left some things in my parent's home. They'd tell me they looked through it to look for something. I felt like I was choking, like tears would fall. It was torture. I'll never journal about private things again. Even mundane things bother me sometimes. I also believe anything bad written about someone will become a curse on me. If I call someone ugly, I'll become ugly. And if I say something bad about someone out loud then they will hear it. My phone will call them and they'll listen to me say something bad."
175868989,"You sound like someone I knew very well in my recent past. We were together for many years, unfortunately are parted now. She had depression for sure, more like manic depression from bipolar disorder. Still I loved her. And understood her very well. Am here to talk if you would like."
175868990,"Hello Orangelady_Hummingbird2, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate your taking the time to introduce yourself to your community and hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! We also wanted to let you know that our partner for this community may have more information about this situation so we have provided their contact information below. SARDAA Phone: (800) 493-2094 _EMAIL_ www.SARDAA.org We hope this helps in your search for answers. Thank you again for sharing! TeamInspire"
174345721,I’m wondering if anyone else has experienced missing time that is Schizoaffective. From time to time I become aware of the fact I’ve lost time.
175868991,I’m sick of animal studies because a rat can’t tell you how they feel. It probably helped the rats but the rat probably feels like ???? inside. I wonder what messed up side effects this drug has.
175868992,Going to read. My sister is coming over Sunday so we can make some Italian bread. Hopefully I get some sleep tonight with the thorazine
175868993,"I definitely can identify my voices in a clear way in terms of gender and age, and I definitely dislike them. But I do notice that a lot of times the things they say will spiral into unusual beliefs"
175868994,"Please try not to smoke cigarettes. I know it seems like it helps but cigarettes are actually a stimulant. They calm you for the moment but continuing to smoke will hurt your heart in the long run in time. I smoked over 45 years and I am paying for it now with poor circulation bad lungs and not a strong heart. I probably sound like a broken record. I can imagine other people have warned you of the dangers of smoking tobacco. There are supposedly 2000 different chemicals in a cigarette and only one is nicotine. Please try not to smoke, don't end up like me. I will check out your link. Hugs, Someone who also cares, _NAME_..."
175868995,Psychosis isn't normal so there won't be a normal psychosis if that makes sense Caffeine can create a lot of problems for people... Good for you for recognizing that This board is pretty quiet Following.... The Bipolar Group is more active if you're interested in checking it out... We have several members on there with Schizoaffective disorder …. Big hug.....xo
175868996,"After a month or more of stay-at-home orders — with daily onslaughts of news about the coronavirus pandemic and the fraying economy — almost everyone is reaching new levels of frustration, fear, and grief. With no clear endpoint or idea of what comes next, uncertainty is becoming a constant in our lives, which drains a lot of personal bandwidth. “Not knowing” keeps our nervous systems on high alert. Fear of the unknown is a built-in survival instinct — but one that’s built for instant challenges like a bear in the bushes, not for the 24/7 news cycle. Chronic elevation of our alert system is exhausting, and it’s often running in the background, so we don’t even realize what’s making us so tired and cranky. The current level of disruption and uncertainty puts particular kinds of pressure on the nervous systems of people living with bipolar disorder. It also turns carefully crafted life skills strategies upside down. Living with bipolar disorder, managing it, usually focuses on maint
aining some degree of predictability. But routines and rhythms have unraveled, and social distancing and staying at home all the time run counter to many of the recommended day-to-day interventions for managing bipolar symptoms. So, what options are available? What can be done to mitigate the risks during these unprecedented times? You’ll find so many recommendations and ideas that they can begin to feel overwhelming and seem like “more of the same.” Living with bipolar, you already have some ideas about skills and strategies for mental health, such as mindfulness and routines, but they’re harder to do now. What I recommend is to keep it simple. In this post, I present four simple strategies for managing bipolar disorder when the stay-at-home orders disrupt your routines. First: Be kind to yourself. Read more here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar/2020/05/living-with-bipolar-disorder-during-covid-19/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=74717e127f-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01&ut
m_medium=email&utm_term=0_c648d0eafd-74717e127f-_PHONE_NO_"
175868997,Thank you
175868998,"I am new here and now diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type as well as Bipolar Disorder. I am struggling to make it in my new job at a gas station after losing my last job selling car parts. I have lost a lot of capability in the last few years as my illnesses get worse but I put my struggles with Schizoaffective and Bipolar before anything else so I do not even worry about my job that much. That is all I can handle to say right now, I have been struggling with delusions for a year and auditory hallucinations for months now straight with no end in sight."
175868999,Well done. Hope it all goes well for you!
175869000,Ok but I guess I was thinking remission meant no meds.
175869001,I spend much more time revising what I wrote than writing it.
175869002,No. But only because I’m pregnant. As soon as I have the baby I can have it.
175869003,"I have schizophrenia and bad anxiety and depression. It always used to be so hard to function on a daily basis with all the voices I used to hear and all my bad fears. The voices never told me to do anything bad, they just would put me down and call me worthless. One thing I have definitely learned through all this is that I hate it when people compare themselves to me. So, you probably shouldn't say things such as I have been there or I understand where you are coming from. Every person's life experience is different. Now I don't hear the voices anymore since I have been on Thorazine. It really helps me."
175869004,"Hi, I finally did this management thing. No line management, but being responsible for business outcome and sometimes influencing what people do. _PERSON_ I‘m not good in that particular discipline. I survived in this role and I like that it trains social competence. Here’s what strategies might help and might be related to SP(D): - Use energy drinks 30 min. before important meetings. - Meditate to learn being easy about conflicts - Read about NPD to understand higher managers - Learn how to fake group-thinking and sunflower behavior. (Copying, or pretending to copy, the oppinion of your boss) - Managers expect that your actions are 90% egoistic social manipulation of your reputation and that 10% are regarding the actual topics. Try to invest more into social relations and less in work topics. In time and in priority - Never criticise, unless you really cannot handle an impediment on your own. (_PERSON_ responsible means to look brave on the own guilt of the impediment). - Never criticize stuff 
that does not affect your goals at all. NPDs fight only for their own favor, your superiors are NPD usually, they would see you as stupid or paranoid as pulling a plot against them - YOU NEED TO LIE ALL THE TIME and say what’s necessary to manipulate the other person. If you’re telling the actual truth thus has to be a pure coincidence. Otherwise NDP managers think you‘re unprofessional. And in theory you should build up warm feeling personal relationships to your superiors by mirroring their oppinions and some body language as uf you‘d like those assholes. It‘s not easy, I‘ll always be an outsider in management. They smell my lack of NPD (or real grand self-esteem, as some are not NPD, but just solid stable self esteem rocks, very impressive once you can see the difference). More strategies are welcome, if you know some. I‘d really like to be just charming and loughing with the higher managers. Because THAT‘s what they make trust you. And getting trusted is your fuel for survival there. Lying 
and purposely playing a role helps, but they‘ll allways sense that I‘m different."
174346175,"Hi I’m just getting started here on this page. I just got a formal diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder about three weeks ago, even though I’ve been struggling for three years now. I hope some people will understand how hard this can be. I just want to find people who understand happens with somebody like me. Hope y’all have a good day."
175869005,ah i didn’t know that… that’s handy for sure.
175869006,I told my mom to buy plain bagels now
175869007,"If I could paint like _PERSON_?aw _PERSON_?ski, it would only spark flames of symptoms. Even looking at his work triggers me. It may give face to the spirits, and I don’t want to inflict that unto this world."
175869008,"I was feeling a little blue about only being able to work part-time at my job because of my affliction. _AT_MENTION_ chimed in and said, “Endorse yourself for knowing your limitations.” It was a nice pick-me-up and I’ve never forgotten that piece of advice."
175869009,Thank you Have an excellent weekend be safe and healthy _AT_MENTION_
175869010,"To anyone paying attention, the fact that I registered and haven't gotten back on the forum for a delayed amount of time, sorry. I was led to believe not to post what of the subject I wanted to post on many forums related to mental health, but time has passed and I feel more confident about it. I posted under ""other disorders"", so if you feel inclined or at the least bit curious on a theory I have related to schizophrenia, if not part of it, then read it please. Other than that, my name is _NAME_ and I am from _NAME_, Ohio. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia as of 2010 but this is no competition on who has had what the longest if that was a mere thought. The disorder, only in the beginning stages of what is called schizophrenia, has evolved/built into an ability that now I say is more of a friendship with my ""sub conscious"". Rarely do I experience hallucination from what was the past disorder. The majority of the disorder when it begun, was more delusions. Now that I think of it, what has never 
(or I haven't looked hard enough) been said is ""thought injection"". In the beginning I had wild thoughts which only calmed down once I moved out of the house I once attempted suicide. Guessing that what ever was in control, had done its job on getting me the heck out of there. Though I know what/who is responsible."
175869011,"Aww, (((((((BABE))))))) 8^) ""Have I told you lately that i love _PERSON_""? 8^) _NAME_"
175869012,"Hi. Its more comfortable, easier and faster to talk on a anonymous Telegram chat group about trails. Because on this forum we lose people and we don't know what's happened to them. Instead, if someone want to be update frequently about each other trails problem, we can meet on Telegram, where by default the phone number and name is not visible if you don't save others phone number. I made one and you can join us with this link: https://t.me/joinchat/nJDyezu7wh80Yjlk If you have any doubts about it, just ask me here."
175869013,That’s strange
175869014,"I think the ideal would be to have your brain just make the correct amount in the correct place and at the correct time. Blocking it in areas that it doesn’t need to be blocked, (along with areas that it does) is going to cause some side effects. So if this manages to modulate the production of dopamine so that it is closer to normal, that would be better than blocking it after the fact. Excess dopamine release might also be pretty far down the cascade of issues leading to symptoms, so if this acts earlier in that cycle, that also might be good. The gene expression effects of this drug though are really interesting. Acute SEP-856 Administration Up-Regulates the Expression of Activity-Regulated Genes with Anatomical Selectivity As a first step, we investigated the ability of SEP-856 to modulate the activity of different brain regions after acute administration. First we measured the expression of the activity-regulated cytoskeleton associated protein (Arc), an immediate-early gene involved in neur
oplasticity, determining memory formation and sustaining cognitive processes Arc mRNA levels were significantly modulated by SEP-856 treatment in the PFC and ventral-HIP. In detail, SEP-856 treatment strongly upregulated the expression of Arc in the PFC at all doses tested."
175869015,((Hugs)) sp
175869016,"_USER_ID_' Ajax. _PERSON_ stars, I recommend it to my fellow friends here because of our shared struggle that brings us here. I read _NAME_ book 1 in the bible, tells the story of _NAME_ nd Goliath. It was okay. My friend I reconnected with wants me to read the other book of _NAME_. But I'm on the sidelines. I read _NAME_'s Inferno and Purgatorio. Purgatorio was the better read, better for the soul. BB, if you ever have a couple months, I recommend the Divine comedy. TO do it I also recommend getting two copies because it's not worth going back in forth to look at the end notes every page. Best to have the end notes open all the time. It's catholicism so you might reallly enjoy it."
175869018,have you heard about ketamine for pain relief?? I’ve heard it can be used post acute pain from surgery. Like they invented a device that administers it slowly like an insulin device over the course of a few days. And it’ll be on the market in a few years for pain relief post surgery. But maybe they could investigate the properties of ketamine and make a pill or something that helps for pain
175869019,"When you have screwed things up beyond repair, nothing matters anymore. I'm not depressed. I'm not happy. I'm just an it now. Things that I thought were real problems were not psychological, just medical. Things that I thought could be psychologically resolved because of medical impact, now healthy, go back to hollow. It's not even a hollow that needs to be filled. It's just mehness. I thought I loved - but now I can't retrace that feeling. I thought I hated - also can't retrace it. Tracing outlines of emotions I remember having and now can't recall feeling. I just sit in silence now and dislike being around others, having them notice me or touch me. It reminds me of how empty I feel and how I wasn't for a while. Complete existential crisis."
175869020,"Do you have a therapist who can walk you through experiences like the agoraphobia? It can sometimes help to have a supportive person, even if it's just sending that person a text message or a message somehow when you're leaving the house and just to check in for support reasons."
175869021,Your cat pic in space has been deemed appropriate and your wishes granted .
175869022,"The BMJ – 28 Feb 12 Group art therapy as an adjunctive treatment for people with schizophrenia:... Objectives To evaluate the clinical effectiveness of group art therapy for people with schizophrenia and to test whether any benefits exceed those of an active control treatment. Design Three arm, rater blinded, pragmatic, randomised controlled... Conclusions Referring people with established schizophrenia to group art therapy as delivered in this trial did not improve global functioning, mental health, or other health related outcomes."
175869023,When English majors get their final grades and laugh at themselves for how horrible their grades are lol
175869024,Oh I’m so happy for you that you get your mom. Enjoy!
175869025,"Cure is a dangerous word. Prevent, well, yes to a certain degree, more-so the severity. HT More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175869026,I’ve been on a few and most have worked (some better than others) I have found injections to be the best. My psychiatrist explained why that is but I can’t remember.
175869027,"You deserve it totally _AT_MENTION_ ! Try to be happy about it, dont doubt it… I still believe, that lots of mi people have more talents than the normies lol I am glad for you"
175869028,"I would like to share a poem I heard today. I really needed to hear it. Hopefully this can help someone else too. ""If the mountain seems too big today, then climb a hill instead. If the morning brings you sadness, it's okay to stay in bed. If the day ahead weighs heavy and your plans feel like a curse. There's no shame in rearranging, don't make yourself feel worse. If a shower stings like needles and a bath feels like you'll drown. If you haven't washed your hair for days, don't throw away your crown. A day is not a lifetime, a rest is not defeat. Don't think of it as failure, just a quiet, kind retreat. It's okay to take a moment from an anxious, fractured mind. The world will not stop turning while you get realigned. The mountain will still be there when you want to try again. You can climb it in your own time, just love yourself 'til then."" The Mountain- _NAME_"
175869029,Today is a much better day for me. I've been taking things slowly. I finished up all my chores early. It's a nice sunny day and my slider is open.
175869030,Why do you want to be a psychiatrist?
175869031,Today is hard. I did a little bit of work and now I'm in pain. I didn't sleep well. I think I will do as little as possible today. I just want sleep and a heating pad.
175869032,"I took my prescribed & supplements, but not the giant fish oil gels."
175869033,"Hi everyone, I've been searching online recently to try to find any famous Schizotypals that I can, but all I've found is basically. _NAME_, and _NAME_. From there its just awful people. Not to mention that it can only theorized that the two people I mentioned are even Schizotypal at all. So, any famous Schizotypals that you know of who aren't famous for doing something awful?"
175869034,"I find muscle relaxers such as robaxacet useful sometimes. It doesn’t make me sleepy, but it relaxes you to the point you can slip into sleep Hope something works for you soon"
175869035,"My sons 1st psychotic episode we believe was triggered by pot. He wound up in the hospital and they started antipsychotic medication. He was there for 2 weeks. It was good as he had to detox and got help. Your sons episode may be short or triggered more long term ongoing issues. Unfortunately, for my son, it will be life long. My husband and I went to A _USER_ID_ family to family course,which is free and educated ourselves on Mental illness and treatment. Their website is very helpful also. Good luck."
175869036,"Diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder involves ruling out other mental health disorders and concluding that symptoms are not due to substance use, medication or a medical condition. People with schizoaffective disorder generally respond best to a combination of medications, psychotherapy and life skills training. Treatment varies, depending on the type and severity of symptoms and whether the disorder is the depressive or bipolar type. In some cases, hospitalization may be needed. Long-term treatment can help to manage the symptoms. https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/schizoaffective-disorder/diagnosis-treatment/drc-_PHONE_NO_ love and hugs - sun"
175869037,I’ve gone way too many times at this point all voluntary for the most part. Each time I left feeling a lot better so yeah it was useful
174347454,"I am a 27, almost 28 year old male in good health. I have suffered bouts of depression the past few years along with anxiety and OCD. I am on Zoloft everyday and am doing well for the most part. I'm staying active and keeping busy. The reason whyI ask this is that on my mothers side there are two stories of people with suspected schizophrenia. my maternal grandmother's father was said to have been institutionalized for his life because of it, and my maternal aunt (mom's sister) is a paranoid schizophrenic. Does this skip generations? Neither of my parents or siblings has this condition. What are the chances of becoming a schizophrenic?"
175869038,Well that sucks.
175869039,Sounds right. It’s down to economics.
175869040,"Hello All, I understand and can recognize very telling details within your accounts you have what I have it's like WBAN network using NLP in order for you to give a response, so they'voices' can measure the data, via WBAN senor nodes using a Piconet, please read through this link #From Dust to Doctors: Wireless Sensor Networks for Medical Applications?a?a?a?a?a - YouTube In my view none of us are crazy or mad, we are in fact survivors of targeting!"
175869041,"I will try to shorten this up a bit. A year ago I was diagnosed with a brain tumor that has caused vision loss, excruciating headaches and tremors. I was out of work for a year while my husband was the only provider for the two of us. 10 months ago we ended up doing emergency foster care for 4 special needs kids that came from my husbands cousin. My husband has openly stated he resents me for being able to stay home while he works at a job he hates and is treated poorly just so I can have health insurance due to my tumor. He continues to resent me even now that I am working again because it is from home while he still goes to work every day that he hates. The foster kids have been around me so long they no longer listen or respect me. They get home cooked meals every night and often there is complaints and several times a week they are so thoughtless I am not even left any food for myself. Christmas came, I tried to make it special for my husband and the kids. No one thought of me. Not even a simpl
e card to make my day. No one around my house cares when I am so sick from my tumor that I am vomiting and my heads going to explode. Lately I have been spiraling down into a deep depression feeling unwanted and uncared for. My best friend even cut me out of her life last week saying horrible things to me. My husband tells me I am psycho and I am just making myself depressed on purpose. I have no support within my home nor from my psychiatrist who tells me I have been on every medication possible and he cannot help me. I am overwhelmed, stressed, constantly in pain and feeling like I am just a maid and chauffer for my household. I always put everyone before myself even when I am down and hurting. No one cares I am depressed or struggling. Any suggestions to help cope and resolve some of this would be greatly appreciated."
175869042,yea you’ll have to talk about it with your pdoc… the injection stays in the blood for a while so you need to get a plan about how much pills and when to take them and such…
175869043,"I am fully vaccinated now, got my second vaccine yesterday, happy days!"
175869044,"I didn't know how long it took after the 2nd of two covid-19 shots before it took affect. I started to look it up on the net, but never got around to it. I just started assuming it would take affect instantly after the 2nd shot, and I went to my psychiatrist's office today for the first time in about 4 months, phone visits during those about 4 months, thinking I was protected. I wore my mask to that visit anyway, not knowing if others had their shots. But that's the first I've heard that it takes 2 weeks. This Saturday will be two weeks since I had my second shot. I drove myself to the grocery store Sunday for the first time in 28 years, went inside and shopped. Being around people really helped. I couldn't drive because my ears were too sensitive to noise. But my last helper, who got my groceries, we very talkative and social and had relatives and I noticed at some point near the end of her coming over for 3 years I'll say, that my ears could tolerate the car motor better. That's a modern day mira
cle. Technically, it's called Ear Retraining Therapy for people who have Hyperacusis, meaning hyper sound. By starting off with a lower level of sound, like slow boiling water, your ear gets retrained to that. A year ago, with the help of ear plugs, over the head ear protection and the car fan on about medium to negative the sound of the motor, I drove about a couple of miles. My ears were getting use to the car motor. After some months, I could drive short distances without the ear protection. Then I could drive at speeds that kept up with traffic with some or no ear protection. Again, it's called Ear Retraining Therapy. And it started when that talkative helper was coming over and sometimes bringing relatives, with me joining in the conversation and retraining my ears that way. I wish this website would add a hyperacusis forum. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
175869045,_PERSON_ I tried to work out this morning and Vr was messing up cuz my internet connection
175869046,I know the feeling. Welcome to the forum.
175869047,You look like a normie and I have no desire to argue. Nothing to gain here. Check your losses of time. Bye
175869048,Melatonine wakes me up worse… Same with nightquill… benadryll as well… I am so desperate for sleep…
175869049,.
175869050,"That’s good to hear. You can always call a help line when you feel the urge to take another pill. I will link them here. International crisis hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html OpenCounseling International Suicide & Emergency Hotlines A list of suicide and emergency helpline around the world with links to more detailed hotlines. Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Crisis hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide suicidepreventionlifeline.org Home Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for everything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, to
ll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
174348181,The Sardaa.org website is a joke...there is no way that people can get the support they need over a computer/tablet/phone screen! Even if they were meeting in person the two closest to me are in Texas and _NAME_ and I live in Alabama. Also what about help for the ones with no or limited internet access? Just my two cents that probably don't even matter no way!
175869051,"Hi. _PERSON_ glad as a parent to hear that you do.My son has SZ and really has no one to relate to right now. When he took community college classes for disabled, he was usually with students with autism, CP or physical issues. He is also very physically active which is hard to someone to work out with. He has also participated but in TOPS soccer and baseball , which is great but again, hard to relate and not challenged."
175869052,"I have deff been seeking help, and _PERSON_ tired of reaching out. for once someone could reach out to me."
175869053,I've been asked if I have an autism disorder.
175869054,"I ain’t doing much, just browsing the forum and watching youtube."
175869055,"Hey Bro >>Mania is not enjoyable or productive<< Is BOTH to me in spades, dear Bro, _PERSON_ But then I have no FEAR of it, many do... Love _NAME_"
175869056,"Before Covid-19 I worked in a small team with random social interactions as well. Now we worked separately. The amount of interactions with people outside the team was managed mostly by my colleagues, before the pandemic and is now managed by me alone. But I enjoy the latter. For the team wanted to socialize, whereas the others just came to get a problem solved."
175869057,That’s crazy that few. And then I had another on Wednesday I think and then it didn’t show up as strong today. I’m gonna call my aprn now
175869058,"24 hours? Week? In the past, I was alone at home for several years. About 8 years. I didn't go anywhere, I didn't talk to anyone."
174348509,I compare mine to being on EMF broadcast and trolled 24/7 by assholes.
175869059,My negative symptoms have started to interfere with what I used to do for a living. I tried changing jobs and and I just can’t keep up like I used to. What can I do and still afford to live?
175869060,"I'm so sorry to hear about that! I've worked in customer service so I know how you feel. :( People are so lame! They just don't have any idea how important retail jobs are. For that one person (or many) that was pilly-padded skewampos today, let me say thanks for working in retail so I can go and get some much-needed food."
175869061,"Believing that some voices are real persons, means I’m still psychotic?"
174348628,My son is Schizophrenic and his last hospitalization was almost 3 years ago. If he stops taking his Clozapine he decompresses quickly. He was catatonic and refused to take his oral medication. After 2 weeks in a behavioral health unit of a hospital he was moved to a big university psychiatric hospital. He was given 6 ECTs. It was very safe and he came home about a month later. Since then he has been on monthly Ambilify injections and 450mg. Clozapine.
175869062,"I don’t understand why. That’s weird to me. I don’t think I would like it if any of my doctors asked for a drug test. Not that I’m using anything other than cannabis, which I’m real upfront with."
175869063,My mom’s doctors keep reducing her oxycontin (she has a chronic pain disorder) because of this bullcrap and now she’s bedridden. We’re having to move back to _NAME_ so she can be under the care of a doctor who will give her the medicine she needs to function. All this focus on the so called evils of opioids is backfiring. There have been suicides of people who can no longer get their medication and live in mind numbing pain every day because of it. Someone needs to make a documentary about those suicides so people can understand this is a two sided issue.
175869064,May they rest in peace.
174348768,How about from now on when there’s actually a good cure for schizophrenia instead of murdering the schizophrenic person and stealing the medication to leave the rest of schizophrenic people to die with no good cure save all of the medication for the schizophrenia person like I don’t know if I can get any more of my medication this year because of that then in jail this woman is like I love that stuff I have to buy all it for me now I can’t afford it like either back to self harm and hell I guess.
175869065,"The voices are miserable that’s why the do it. I know that mine try to put me down all the time. And its like the watch every second of my life waiting for me to mess up. I remember reading a book (not a book on schizophrenia) about a daughter of a mother who had schizophrenia she would wonder the streets until the daughter came to get her. The daughter asked what do the voices sound like. The mother said they are angry they sound very angry. The voices are miserable, and they want you to be miserable with them. I feel just knowing that helps me realize I should not wear myself out with the voices to the point I become like them. Try to do things that you enjoy and what makes you happy."
175869066,"I’m lucky, i don’t hear voices. I don’t have involuntary speech. But I have delusions I guess."
175869067,"Hi! I am nervous because my family is putting me in a respite care for a couple of days so that they can pack. Some background, I have affective psychosis and a severe learning disability. I can write and speak ok but I have a hard time carrying out activities. My therapist and mom say it’s an issue with executive function. As I mentioned in a separate post I need help with physical needs sometimes, like showering, and managing my incontinence. I met the couple that is taking care of me and they seem kind, but I am nervous about having strangers care for me. It’s embarrassing. I hope that all made sense as a lose track of thoughts easily."
175869068,They use those two drugs to test the probable antipsychotic efficacy in animals. It worked with one but not the other. This might suggest a different mechanism of action (because it works with one and not the other) but that’s over my pay grade.
175869069,"I know a lot of members here are on Sarcosine which enhances congnition and concentration. For some unknown reasons I can’t take it. For quite a long period, I suffered from extreme fatigue and short span of attention. Then I came across Eleuthero last year. This is a well-known Chinese medicine for it’s effects in anti fatigue. Eleuthero also has the benefits of boosting immune system and cognition. I have taken it for more than half year. It was not a miracle pill, but it did help me a lot in combating fatigue and improving cognition. I share this experience with you here in case some of you are looking for something to alleviate fatigue."
175869070,No specific advice. But i really admired pixel when i first started posting here. Not sure if hes still here. He was one of the bosses
175869071,"No problem about that, I have been pushed by my second doctor to leave the medication. He is a top one in the country I live in and said the old one totally misdiagnosed, as for him I practically have been taking that for no reason. I have been believing the first doctor for 7 years. I have already started the process. Just need those info if someone can help."
175869072,"Schizoids may use passive-aggression or manipulation because they are unable or too uncomfortable to express themselves through regular emotional/social channels. It may be selfish or childish but I don't think it's out of malice. If it is a ploy, behaving as if you accept the fact that he's moving out and urging him to speed up the packing might get him to panic, face his feelings, and come clean with you. Or it could make things worse."
175869073,"Hello _PERSON_: I see this is your first post here on PC. So... welcome to Psych Central. The relationships & communication forum, here on PC, may also be of interest to you. Here's a link: https://psychcentralforums.com/relat...communication/ You asked if it is possible that someone would accept a schizoid woman and be able to love her without wanting her to change. Honestly... I don't know the answer to that. My instinct suggests to me that certainly this is possible. But, of course, the challenge is to find that someone if you never have any significant social interaction. You didn't mention if you're receiving any type of mental health services. Perhaps, if you're not already doing so, seeing a mental health therapist would be a good step to take toward making it possible for you to find that certain someone? Here are links to 3 articles, from Psych Central's archives, on the subject of finding one's soulmate: Are You My Soul Mate? | Building Relationship Skills How to Make a Soul Mate Relation
ship 8 Ways to Find Yourself Before Looking for Your Soulmate I hope you find PC to be of benefit."
175869074,"Hi (((((((BABE))))))) I consider myself VERY fortunate to have manias. They don't SCARE me like most others, never have. I put it down to having been a taker of pot and acid. Its just another TRIP to me, I don't panic. It has gotten hairy when I DIDN'T NOTICE the mania coming on, and stopped taking the meds because I felt fine. I got the horrors once in my first, months long, escallating manic episode. But still never worried or scared after that. I don't ever RAPID CYCLE. My Manias usually last 5 - 8 weeks. But I have some of what I call ""SIX DAY WONDERS"", just a half-serve of elevated mood that lasts a week or less. I treasure and welcome them all. No Mania and I would NEVER have broken the silence of ABUSE. That is worth all the DEPRESSION Bipolar can throw at me. Love _NAME_"
175869075,Where was it before?
175869076,Pretty sure its a user who recently muted his account or anonymized it.
175869077,"_AT_MENTION_ Are you talking about Micropsia? I used to get this sometimes as a child when I was in bed at night. The window would seem to be very distant when I looked at it. Aside from that, the only time this happened was when I was taking acid."
175869078,Time for a sleep. Am done for the day. I took an extra Vyvanse last week so I'll have to take 1 instead of 2 some time during this month. I turned on the cooling fan and the veins on my hands are gone! =]
175869079,"I’m sitting under the sun, basking, right now. I close my eyes and feel the warmth. I don’t feel joy though. Anyway."
175869080,Hey how’s everyone
175869081,I had an appointment with my care coordinator today. She just did a questionnaire about anxiety and depression and asked me what was going on. It was a short call maybe 10 minutes. She said I scored severe on depression and moderate on anxiety. And she asked when I see pdoc next and when the last time I had been hospitalized was. She's calling me back in a week and a half.
175869082,"Me, too. I beat myself up all the time. It's so weird."
175869083,"I don't feel well emotionally. I'm still upset about that rude lady from the other day. I took it personally and have been beating myself up. I'm trying to cope by working on projects, but it's not really helping. Today I have an appointment with my online therapist. I'm not sure that will help either."
175869084,i think you should do what lies in your capabilities… if you can do a job then you should go for it… but you also not worth less if you can’t cause of your sickness and live of disability but i think you should try if you can.
175869085,"So .. Done that.. Been there .. Had that.. Gotten away from it. I survive. Psycholocigal abuse, physical abuse, sexual abuse, living at the streets _AT_MENTION_ old, fosterhome, then crime and working warzones, fought off society, normality and ""what everybody else does"". Diagnosed PTSD and F60.1. Add to that physical wounds and disabilities. Getting of age now. Way past young. Succesfull in an introverted sense, lost my kids, kind of happy with that, no debth, have good income, savings, my own house, my own sailboat, internal workdescription ""one-man miniteam who keeps everythings running"" kind of work. 24/7-365 contract, no set workhours. Fighting an everyday urge to tell people how stupid they are. Generous pay. Dont care about the house, to many pesting neighbours, degraded it to warehouse, lives in my sailboat and hates my (owned) docksite(hates neighbours), loves the anchor when it is way off away from everybody. Thats home. Where the anchor is, my home is. Alone. Always. No debts, not an
ywhere. Realising I am for many a complete ahole. I could do whatever I want to do. I feel miserable, I dont want to do anything, and I dont want to spill it all. This sucks. It should not. Life hurts. But Im safe. Thats schizoid for you. Do not romantice anything, ever."
175869086,"WOW! Only just spotted this one Bro! Awesome. I certainly hid in my room from 8 and showed maybe a 1/3 of my heart to the world... And undiagnosed depressive I am sure, from around 14 years old, but maybe earlier.. ""We JAPANESE believe we have THREE HEARTS. One we show to the World, One we show only to friends and loved ones, and One known only to ourselves."" _NAME_, SHOGUN. ""Beware these Jap-Men, Englaise! They are all Six Faced and Three Hearted!"""
175869087,I’m hoping to get my vaccine in the next couple of weeks. Hibee More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet
175869088,I hope you got some rest!
175869089,I like the weight loss bit but thats a bonus Im sticking to why I need it I truly believe I have adhd all my childhood teachers said so
175869090,The dork choir practicing for their next live concert at Comi-con.
175869091,Well I got an email today that I am not getting my raise because I didn’t get fully successful on my last annual review. At least I did better on the mid year. Have to keep trying I guess.
175869092,"I am a member of MDjunction, but they are closing there site soon. A member of that site told me about this site and glad to be here."
174349358,"I am a 61 year old man who has been suffering from Schizo-Affective disorder bipolar type 1 all my life. I can remember way back to when I was just 3years old. I had a traumatic brain injury when I was 3. I bled from my nose, mouth and ears. I remember only the part when mom was trying to stop the bleeding with cold compresses. She picked me up and took me to our neighbor lady's house. I received no medical care. That caused a lot of learning problems. Dyslectsia, speech impediment, no sound would come out of my mouth when I was upset. That is all in the past and despite the odds I kept pushing myself. I was diagnosed either schizophrenic or schizo affective in 1980 after a break in 79 and a stay at Arkansas state hospital the year before. I was put in a teaching hospital after the police arrested me because I hit a person who was staying on my couch. The name of the hospital was Memphis Mental Health. Thorazine, then mellaril . I have gone through a lot of struggles but I always got through it all 
because of my faith in God. I ultimately became an LPN and worked at a regional medical center in Knoxville, Tn. I always wanted to live in the Southeast. I have been in Knoxville over 36 years now. The community support here, such as the East _NAME_ Mental Health Association, the Office on aging, the Love Kitchen, CAC have been a God send. I am recovering every day. There is hope. There will always be my God, the kindness of strangers and lots of good people in this World of ours. Keep dreaming, don't ever give up. My question is this. Why after all we have all worked for to end the _USER_ID_ of mental illness that we are socially profiled and treated terrible by the police, sheriff departments and our neighbors? Even so called friends. Have we came so far to just to go backwards?"
175869093,^ All the creepy-crawlies come out when it rains.
175869094,"I've gone back to college, despite it being v hard and time consuming I truly enjoy it. I'm also fighting an eviction, my court date has yet to be set as of Thursday. So much stress here. My meds are holding their own but I have had to request adding clonazepam until things here are settled. I love school. It is an escape away from the whole eviction thing. Takes me out of my mind for a while when I'm working on homework. _PERSON_, I don't have a green thumb but I have heard that gardening is v v therapeutic. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175869095,I will do my best but I’m not sure what to choose. I do enjoy nature and being outdoors and I can go at my own pace while farming. I’m not sure I could live any better as I’d have to get a job part time.
175869096,Hi _NAME_.. I’m so sorry you are feeling this way ..I deal with anxiety also and it is scary! When I talk to God and read scripture it helps me the most.. I know how much God loves me and you and wants us to be happy and live life abundantly..I will be praying for comfort and peace for you??
175869097,"I don't do this, but it seems like a fairly harmless activity. Children do it with their toys and it's encouraged, as it helps them to learn social rules. People do some crazy stuff to get through their social issues, talking to stuffed animals doesn't seem that odd by comparison. Question for anyone: how do you get on with AI assistants like _USER_ID_ etc? Do you try to converse with them or is it too prescribed?"
175869098,Welcome to the forum!!! I think it’s good that you’re discussing your meds with your pdoc. I hope he comes up with a better med for you
175869099,"Ritalin/Adderall, but its tricky as they can worsen psychosis. Some here on the forum have success with Ritalin, Adderall and Wellbutrin."
175869100,"Sorry, definitely not looking to be disrespectful or irritate anyone, just looking for support."
175869101,I want the old Rite Aid back…this is ????????. …and the banks…
175869102,"Great work, _PERSON_!! You rock!!!"
175869103,Unfortunately I am from the few who struggle with continous weight gain in this forum I hope that I can find a listening ear. I have tried everything to control my weight since my 2nd episode last year… nothing helped except following a keto diet which stabilized My weight not decreasing it. Now I am tired of following keto for one year … its a really strict diet and I am fed up with it. My question is does the weight gain ever plateaus if you follow a regular diet? I read some of you guys posting that weight will eventually plateau after a while as the body adjusts to medications . Is that true ?
175869104,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! …
175869105,"I am trying to be on Rexulti asap, my Dr apt is 1 June."
175869106,Because they only really care about themselves and when it affects their lives
175869107,"I feel agitated, I always get like this during the warmer months of the year"
175869108,"I see plenty of forum topics about people suffering from thought broadcasting. But You never hear from all the people who should be saying ""so and so is broadcasting all their thoughts to me"" why is this?"
175869109,"Yes, I noticed it too"
175869110,I feel all of the above. You are not alone
175869111,I’m here if you want to vent. Sorry if they don’t hear you or if they don’t give you a chance.
175869112,"Sometimes I’m grateful for my simple life, sometimes I’m not. It depends on the day ."
175869113,I’m like her in my diagnosis and recovery. But I’m very unlike her in that I don’t want to be up and out in the open about my MI. I just want to seclude and hide in my little corner and everybody leave me alone.
175869114,Sometimes I wish I could just go back on disability
175869115,"I know, right? I’m about to be slapped with a final grade soon, lol!"
175869116,Whats your diagnosis? _AT_MENTION_
175869117,Is the opiate crisis a result of depressed patients not receiving the proper treatment? They self medicate instead of receiving treatment for an underlying mood disorder. (of course it’s also a matter of “crime economics” and the pharmacy industri)
175869118,Go asap! Once i didn’t eat or sleep for 4 days an went full blown crazy. They gave me something that knocked me out once I was at the hospital. You deserve your sleep!
175869119,I silenced you instead so you can pm me if you want back sooner. Or you can pm me and request full suspension if you prefer that. But with silencing you can still read.
175869120,_AT_MENTION_ I don’t quite understand either. Basically sz people have a fault processing tryptophan?
175869121,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ Dawn I'm sorry the voices have been cruel and abusive lately. I hope you get some relief soon. HUGS kit
175869122,"Hi _PERSON_, I am actually doing good. It is getting time for gardening here too. It is warm today but supposed to rain. My flowers are just starting to come up. I do have daffodils up though. And blooming. I don't know if we will have a garden this year. We didn't grow any tomatoes last year and I missed them. I am glad you are doing well. Thanks for posting. I look forward to the weekly thread. Hugs, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
174350335,"Hi so recently I started going to see a therapist about trauma from my mums schizophrenia, then I got diagnosed with general anxiety. But I think I might have schizotypical personality disorder. Basically the reason I went to the dr about anxiety is because I can’t leave the house without seeing people and that’s a problem and I don’t know why I’m terrified of everyone. I’m also really scared of cctv so I’m basically distressed all of the time walking around. I can’t make friendships, I try really hard to have conversations with people but I can’t unless It’s with my boyfriend. My friend thinks I’ve just learnt the distrust and paranoia from my mum because she’s paranoid schizophrenic. I’m not sure though because i relate to things I’ve seen people post about STPD for example going to multiple shops because you feel like you have to buy this exact thing and I don’t like making any noise at all like closing doors loudly, putting drinks down loudly etc I’m really scared 
of people noticing me for some reason. Sorry this is really long and I have no idea I might just be being silly, but yeah if you think of anything relate or whatever I would really appreciate any opinions. I know you can’t diagnose but do you think it’s worth going back to the dr?"
175869123,"It’s fascinating stuff. I wonder if they could activate opioid receptors in the brain, using something like electromagnetism at a particular frequency. I’m just wondering if you could get the benefits of pain relief, without the danger of addiction I guess you could become addicted to the stimulation, but one problem at a time LOL"
175869124,I told my doctor I want to replace it with aripriprazol. My doctor has not decided yet what to replace it with but I am deffinetely not taking invega again
175869125,"dude you making money or music, anyway its thought out anyway. but miss the live part in interaction. sorry its a up and down."
175869126,I would feel the same. It would make me want a new doctor.
175869127,"In-Depth: Living with Bipolar Disorder By _NAME_, M.S. It’s common for individuals who’ve been recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder to reject the diagnosis, feeling overwhelmed at the thought of having an illness. Some even wait it out, struggling with several episodes before they pursue treatment. However, an “accurate diagnosis is a positive first step,” said _PERSON_, Ph.D, clinical psychologist at the Harvard Bipolar Research Program at Massachusetts General Hospital and co-author of Managing Bipolar Disorder: A Cognitive-Behavioral Approach Workbook. Bipolar disorder changes the course of your life, but it doesn’t mean you can’t do great things, said _PERSON_, M.D., associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic in Pittsburgh. With a combination of medication, psychotherapy and self-management strategies, individuals with bipolar disorder can lead productive, successful lives. Here’s how. Commo
n Misconceptions about Bipolar Disorder In addition to the unwarranted _USER_ID_ that surrounds bipolar disorder, there are many misconceptions about its symptoms, diagnosis and treatment. These are several prevailing myths: Individuals cause their disorder. Bipolar disorder is caused by a complex interplay of genetic, biological and environmental factors. You can will yourself out of mood swings. Left untreated, bipolar disorder can wreak havoc on a person’s life. It requires both medical treatment and psychotherapy. You’ll never be normal. “Many patients in the beginning feel like they won’t be able to accomplish their goals, that bipolar will prevent them from getting married or getting the job of their dreams,” _NAME_ said. She adds that though your life might require certain changes, you can pursue your dreams. For instance, her student patients might take fewer classes every semester and take longer to graduate, but they still achieve a college degree. Bipolar is easy to diagnose. “It’s of
ten very difficult to diagnose bipolar disorder based on an initial visit, even a prolonged one,” said _NAME_, Ph.D, a clinical psychologist specializing in bipolar disorder and professor at St. _NAME_’s University in New York. This typically occurs because our self-awareness changes with mood.”It can be hard to translate the experiences and moods you have into the symptoms identified in the DSM or other scales,” said _PERSON_, who also co-authored Break the Bipolar Cycle: A Day-to-Day Guide to Living with Bipolar Disorder. For instance, what might appear to you as confidence and clever ideas for a new business venture might be a pattern of grandiose thinking and manic behavior. While you’re focused on your business experience, others notice your mood and behavior, _PERSON_ said. Same with irritability, a symptom that often goes unrecognized: You’re more focused on feeling frustrated than looking inward. Because you might not be a reliable reporter, talk to your loved ones to get objective impress
ions, _PERSON_ said. Medical treatment is worse than the disorder. Many people perceive medication as worse than the illness. Although some people can experience a bad reaction to certain medication, you don’t get hooked on medication like you would a street drug, said _NAME_, Ph.D, clinical psychologist at the University of Texas at _NAME_ and author of The Bipolar Workbook: Tools for Controlling Your Mood Swings. In fact, “medication is key for treating bipolar disorder,” said Brondolo. To read more of this in-depth article, click the link: https://psychcentral.com/lib/living-with-bipolar-disorder /"
175869128,Yeah I would talk to a doctor right away _AT_MENTION_
174350560,I am looking for support group for caregivers of schizophrenia affected young people in Chicago area. Any suggestions?
175869129,I noticed this too. I don’t like it.
174350592,"Could I ask if any of you have ever come across the Targeted Individual explanation, as it is quite real and not a hallucination or deluded thinking as they the perp's would want you to believe? Gaslighting and triggering and anchoring is used through very basic NLP tactics that once realized break up the trauma-based anchoring or freakouts. Stay safe and defy the #####&."
175869130,"i believe i have some form of mind reading ability. nothing so straight forward as hearing thoughts. but using cues from people i know to make assumptions about what they are thinking or planning. i don't generally look at people and wonder ""what are they thinking"" because i know. people aren't as mysterious as they think. then there is also my ability to tell the future. which doesn't seemed to be based on any deduction ability because the instances have been unexplainable unless they are just explained away. premonition dreams is the big one. images of places i've never seen. or moments that never happened. just a brief snippet of time. people walking by while i look up at a building, out a pool, down a hallway. i think of these dreams, wonder about them. then some time later, a week, a month, years. i'm in the exact moment. carbon copy. every face i remember the same. who knows how many i have, since most dreams i forget. it's so real to me i don't count it as magic. there is an unknown explan
ation."
175869131,"When I stop sleeping or eating then I know I’m getting psychotic. I don’t feel tired, I don’t feel hungry. I feel like I’m in a warzone. But there is no war, there is no goal. Only madness!"
175869132,Today is difficult. I've had a migraine all morning. I am tired now. I worked on self-care and one chore. That was all I had energy for. I am so behind it's not funny. And I'm in physical pain just from trying to take care of myself. I think I will take a nap with a heating pad.
175869133,"That's great, I have been doing some visualizations recently via WhatsApp with my CBT Psychologist counsellor - one is called leaves on a stream - where I place thoughts on leaves and watch them pass by. Its calming :-)"
175869134,I am going to make a pact with you guys not to succumb to the pressure of taking another Xanax. The withdrawal will be a challenge. A nurse prescriber I spoke to last said if I gave you lorazepam or other benzos then you will be a drug addict. I hoping those words are not true if so then I am going to have to get my psyc involved. Kind regards
175869135,My ribs are still killing me from when I fell out of bed. It's been almost two weeks. I have a headache too. I'm very worried about getting infections. I must get myself to my doctor's appointments. They haven't been made yet. All I want to do is sleep. I hope everyone's ok. I'm still wearing my winter coat to the smoke breaks.
175869136,this i will try asking my primary medical dr for it… i ll pick it up today and try if bananna tea dont work for luch.
175869137,"ah nice that you have good new pdoc. I would find it hard to start over with a new pdoc cause you’d have to go over everything again to let them get to know you. Like my pdoc knows so much about me… it would be impossible to tell that all to new pdoc. But yea it’s true, most important is that they provide your meds that you need."
175869138,"For me, it mostly started in my early 20s when I started having mood swings. I can't pinpoint it to one thing tho. I do believe both my parents had mental health issues, but neither really did anything about it. As my mother said to me when I had my first breakdown and I asked her if there was a history of mental illness, ""no one ever had to be hospitalized for it"" so I should just ""snap out of it"". Guess that was the general thinking of her generation."
175869139,"A very interesting point made here as this is a very well thought out piece, I can relate to most of what's being said here, though sadly with no actual solution yet only quietly observing this thing as each day passes."
175869140,"Though I'm not Schizoid, it was a relief to find out my diagnosis too."
175869141,"Voices can be turned off. You don't have to keep the conversation with the voices. You can break it off at any time in the middle of a phrase, in the middle of a word. Voices often create a strong inner tension, draw attention to themselves, and when you relax the muscles of the face, the voices go along with this tension. Very sound advice, the 'voices' are responding to Subvocalizatiomns."
175869142,"Hi, Are these things even possible? I find i'm so sensitive to communication sometimes with people and over think things that Im starting to think I'm better on my own. Maybe its a lack of confidence or skin that means that I doubt myself all the time and have not got a mental toughness at the moment. Anyone else having these problems?"
175869143,"Most of the time my voices just say my name. However, the last time I heard a voice it said, ""Don't do that."" I was just about to take my meds. I don't really hear voices often though. I tend towards other Shizo symptoms."
175869144,"Difficulty concentrating and remembering things can come with both depression and hypomania, although in very different ways. However, both are equally debilitating. During hypomania, finding it difficult to concentrate is more because I struggle to keep my mind on any one thing. Most of the time, I’m not even actively trying to focus because my mind is racing with so many thoughts and feelings. It’s hard to focus on any individual thought or pinpoint any one feeling. However, if I decide that I’m going to do a specific task when I’m hypomanic (for example making a big painting) then I can be hyperfocused on that one thing, and even be more productive than I ever could when my mood is stable. On the other hand, if you asked me to sit still and concentrate on reading a book or watching a film, it just wouldn’t be possible during hypomania. Read more here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2020/02/how-bipolar-symptoms-really-feel-difficulty-concentrating/"
175869145,"Also, off you haven’t tried doxepin for sleep it’s worth a shot. It works okay if I take enough and doesn’t leave me groggy the next day."
175869146,"20 years ago if someone told me the things i know now, i would have thought they were mentally ill and think they need a psychiatrist. Now 20 years later i think of this and i am now that person who is labeled mentally ill for what i know. It's a lonely place to be. I'm in a very painful place. My family, loved ones, ex-psychiatrist have conspired against me, yet of course it looks from the outside as if I'm mentally ill. Especially saying it involves thought broadcasting, supernatural abilities, secret society etc. Sounds crazy. Like i said, 20 years ago if someone told me what i now know i would have thought them crazy. Very scary, lonely and painful place to be. And there's so many layers of pain coming from the last five years when family and psychiatrist joined together to show me ""the truth"" and what they really think of me. There's the anxiety of thought broadcasting. There's the fear from supernatural powers over me. There's the emotional pain of discovering my family's conspiracy and wha
t they really think and feel about me. There's so much more layers than that. How am i supposed to live with so much pain?"
175869147,"Anathema. Its definitely the effort of pretending to care that is tiring. On my off days is just me, the wife, and kids (we have 3.) And even teach and working with them doesn't drain me like a day at work. I think talking on the phone might be easier as all I need to focus on is tonality and not facial expressions. After 10 years of practice I still don't have the perfect performance of expressions. Sometimes the customers give a weird response so I know I goofed on something."
175869148,"I had a routine that worked to keep me stable, and then… Stay-at-home orders have not been kind to people who use routines to help manage their mental illness. Suddenly everything is different. Families are crammed into the same house, 24-7, and work schedules are destroyed. In-person meetings with friends and therapists are out. I’m getting used to Facetime and Zoom, but I’ve found that, especially with therapy, the time alone spent travelling to and from the session was a great time for introspection and review. It was, possibly, as important as the therapy itself. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/04/mania-and-the-need-for-routine/"
175869149,"Your Body Will Tell You When a Mood Change is Coming Mental illness affects the entire body, and in efforts to manage it we must carefully consider what our bodies are telling us. Read more about this here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/03/your-body-will-tell-you-when-a-mood-change-is-coming/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=11ff05e153-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01..."
175869150,Goodnight _AT_MENTION_ . Hope you have a better morning/afternoon tomorrow than you did today!
175869151,Idk but they did and it helped me. I think its legal between Drs but illegal between ppl other than your Drs.
175869152,Is bipolar manic effect how you react or react with anger I'm scared of my lose my family I have no idea when I get angry I have no idea what I'm doing is it part of bipolar manic now I just said
175869153,It was my third time ever at the office but she thought a doctor had given my oxycodone without telling me what it was. Idk maybe she was just saying that. But she said I would get violently ill on naltrexone and I said I knew and I’ve never taken opiates in my life. Well that was a white lie. I took em A number of years ago didn’t get high but I didn’t know how to explain that. But that’s the truth on it. Poppy seeds
175869154,Hello and welcome to the forums!
175869155,At least the medicine is recently released and we can get it in the market
175869156,"I have a few questions regarding the old ticker. Sometimes my heartbeat gets heavy, and it gets hard to breathe. Typically lasts for 5 seconds. Should I be concerned? I more and more often have a stinging sensation in my chest where the heart is. I’ve been told it’s likely to be a pinched shoulder muscle, but should I have it checked out? My blood pressure is often low, is there a way to raise/stabilize it with foods or supplements?"
175869157,"I'm thinking of getting a bathroom, a pair of slippers, a waterproof bluetooth speaker for the shower, and nice smelling body wash to make showering less horrible for me"
175869158,"Great post what's of interest is it's not 'thoughts' per se but self-talk or what's termed as sub-vocalization that's being sort of live-streamed upon a continual basis, or that's how the experience comes across. I think of it as revenge porn or molka."
175869159,"Humming works well, as it blocks out sub vocalizing responses to the voices. as well as placing headphones on, water in the Ear canal works a treat, also certain materials you can buy online for £20 a square metre, you can make curtains out of it aswell."
175869160,Thanks
175869161,I would like to know why there is such a _USER_ID_ on PPD. Why is there such a lack of sympathy towards mothers? How can we change this _USER_ID_?
175869162,"I weaned myself off anti psychotics when I was fed up with the constant anxiety about the threat of obesity, diabetes and heart disease as side effects. I'd just had enough and didn't think the meds were helping with my psychotic symptoms anyways. I felt great for a week, really calm. Then the constant, sheer terror returned to my mind & I remembered what my life was off anti-psychotics. Totally low functioning & paralysed by constant terror. Indeed the meds do nothing for my psychotic symptoms but they do take my terror down a notch to high anxiety which I can work with. It was a super bad time, I was super vulnerable. The only upside is that I gained clear insight into what my anti psychotics do and don't do. I went back on the meds & back to my normal life of worrying about my next blood test & heart disease, obesity & diabetes indicators. _NAME_ is right, you should do this with the pdoc's supervision. If you've been on olanzapine for 7 years I'd guess it'd be 6 months before it wears off - jus
t a guess. I've also heard from 1 peer that after stopping olanzapine the metabolic function does not return to normal - the weight doesn't go."
175869163,"I’m glad those things are working out for you. Generally I try to take as little medication as possible. I usually sleep from 4-6am-12:00pm. All the other times I am awake. This is a dramatic improvement from when I was on the 156 mg of Invega. I also take 300mg of Bupropion for depression. These past 2 years have been really hard on me. People don’t know what it’s like to go through Psychosis and then come out. They don’t know how traumatizing it all is! Not to mention that alongside the life changes of lost jobs, lost friends, lost cars. I have to deal with extra weight which has effected my esteem tremendously! I hope the 78mg continues to treat me well because it has made me feel more normal and less “slow and unmotivated.”"
175869164,sometimes i think im possess by a demon or something is manipulate my thoughts and making feel bad. Maybe im just going crazy idk.
175869165,"I'm afraid I don't know how bipolar mania works, but from what you said, and the little that I understand, you can't always feel the manic phase coming on and certainly can't control it when it does. Are you receiving treatment for this? Perhaps an adjustment in medication is in order? If you are not receiving treatment, do not delay. There is no shame in needing help. It is a chemical imbalance in the brain. Nothing wrong with you as a person morally, ethically, spiritually. It is simply a disorder that needs treatment. And support is so important for someone suffering from a mental disorder. When calm, talk to your family. Tell them how much you love and appreciate them and that anything you may say in a manic phase of anger, you don't really mean and would never want to hurt them. If it helps, write some letters telling your family the same thing and keep them handy so that after a manic phase or an outburst of rage, they can see that that is not the real you, but the real you is the one who wro
te those letters beforehand, in a calm state. Here's an excerpt from the January 2004 Awake magazine regarding how family can help ""When the ailing one is a family member, wholehearted support is crucial. _NAME_, mentioned previously in this series, learned this lesson early on. His wife, _NAME_, also mentioned earlier, is a bipolar patient. “Initially,” _NAME_ says, “I was helped by going with my wife to her doctor and by studying up on this strange malady so that I would be thoroughly familiar with what we were up against. _NAME_ and I also talked a lot with each other and kept working with whatever situation developed as time went on.” There is no doubt that by providing meaningful support, family members and friends can play a significant role in a sufferer’s well-being. “I think I have a pretty good handle on my life now,” says _NAME_. “My husband and I have worked hard to get through this together, and things are better than ever for us.” ""Many who now struggle with various types of 
mental illness realize that the battle with these dreadful afflictions is a long-term one. Yet, the Bible promises that in God’s new world, “no resident will say: ‘I am sick.’” (_NAME_ 33:24) Gone will be the distressing ailments and maladies that plague so many today. It is indeed heartwarming to contemplate God’s promise of a new world in which all illnesses?—including mood disorders—?will be gone forever. At that time, says the Bible, no longer will there be mourning or outcry or pain.?—Revelation 21:4."" I hope you are able to get the help and support and love you need during these difficult times. Best wishes."
175869166,"I'm a mother of a son with Schizoeffective disorder, who is now 40 and has been hospitalized at last 35 to 40 times since 2015. The reason for repeat hospitalization is not taking his medication. I hope that some day he will realize he needs medication. My goal for him is to have his own apartment. He hasn't been out of the hospital long enough to get to this goal. Any words of encouragement?"
175869167,"i see my doc again monday, gonna have to tell him my symptoms are acting up, not looking forward to it,"
175869168,"Yes, I was also relieved to know ""who"" I am."
175869169,"medicalnewstoday.com – 11 May 21 Schizophrenia Through My Eyes You might be wondering why I did not seek help at this point. If you knew you were hallucinating, wouldn’t seeking medical attention be obvious? By now, my concerns regarding my Psychotic experiences had been brushed off so many times, and I had been mocked for my symptoms so much, it felt dangerous for anyone to know. I did not believe that anyone in my life would help me. I resolved to wait until adulthood to get help."
175869170,So will they continue to test it? _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
175869171,Part time cleaning job ?
175869172,"Thanks for sharing your progress. You mentioned cutting down on black tea. If tea is something you enjoy, one alternative might be to switch to either green tea or white tea which has even less caffeine than does green. And then, of course, there are also ""tisanes"" (herbal & flavored teas which have no caffeine at all.) One great source of a variety of teas & tisanes is: ""Teasource"". Here's a link to their website: Tea Collection | TeaSource"
175869173,I liked Abilify way more that invega.
175869174,I joined the group today. The only advice that I can give is to remember that your voice is the loudest and to learn to accept that you are just fine the way you are. Keep your head up. I know that it is cliché but it really does get better with time.
175869175,"Hi, may all be well soon enough. I will look into it.. Maybe it will help. Glad it is helping you."
175869176,Art therapy struck a chord with me. I’m in school now to be an art therapist
175869177,I do something like that first thing in the morning when I wake up. It just comes out like some kind of forgotten ancient language. It comes from my throat. I couldn't do it if I tried to though.
175869178,sounds good =) so it’s not real german? Would have fooled me though =D
175869179,"Please change my tagline from “free as a bird over the sea” to ""Just a barefoot simple girl… "" Thanks"
175869180,"My voices have been extremely cruel & abusive lately, & all I can do is hang in there until the pandemic is gone. I have to find the right doctor & medication then. I pray for & dream of that day, when my personal nightmare is over."
175869181,"Living with both chronic pain and bipolar disorder can, needless to say, be extremely challenging. I feel that I’m at a place in my journey within which I’m able to effectively manage my chronic pain and my mental health, but it’s a constant balancing act. The mind-body connection means that my emotions, stress levels and the way that I perceive my pain can have a significant effect on my pain levels and other symptoms. Similarly, my chronic pain can impact my mood and how I’m coping mentally. I wanted to share 5 ways that my chronic pain impacts my bipolar disorder the most significantly, and how I deal with it. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2020/05/5-ways-chronic-pain-symptoms-impact-my-bipolar-disorder/"
175869182,"Is Bipolar II Easier to Live with Than Bipolar I? Distinctions between BP I and II plus the unique challenges of living with BP II _PERSON_ Ph.D., A.B.P.P. I'm struck by how many times I see patients that have previously been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and they don’t know whether they are bipolar I or II. Furthermore if they have been diagnosed with bipolar II they will often say something like - ""I have the milder form of the disorder."" While hypomania associated with bipolar II is less destabilizing than the mania seen in bipolar I, it doesn't necessarily make bipolar II easier to live with. In fact, sometimes it can be just the opposite. Bipolar disorder represents a very broad spectrum of experience; broad enough, that the American Psychiatric Association's DSM-IV-TR separates the disorder into two diagnoses: bipolar I (BP I) and bipolar II (BP II). Let's look at what these two ranges of the bipolar spectrum have in common as well as what distinguishes them from each other: https://www
.psychologytoday.com/gb/blog/bipolar-you/201210/is-bipolar-ii-easier-live-bipolar-i love and hugs - sun"
175869183,It is nice when you get a good one!
174352979,"oh gosh DaturaInnoxia, I'm very sorry to hear that. That's terrible mate. I didn't notice anything so noticeable with sarcosine. It has no effect, maybe if anything a placebo effect on me. I found L-Thealine more noticeable - I rocked up for a work shift (customer service) and felt exhausted physically yet psychologically reactive. It was a hard shift to get thru. Tired & emotional. On the plus side, you may be very sensitive to supplements so maybe the right one for you could feel good? I've heard that Brussels sprout extract is good for us psychotics. Or perhaps acupuncture could serve you well. I don't want to suggest anything that could bring bad effects for you. My GP said all my supplements were merely expensive urine, money down the drain with no benefits & no risks. Only NAC came up as risky on her data base. I'm prepared to try supplements & various modalities as the mainstream hasn't yet served well. But there is always the most recent research to motivate me."
175869184,Congratulations!
175869185,"I noticed over the last few months during lockdown that my 'voices' not only mimic a broadcast or a very sly and clever form of covert harassment but essentially their behavior could be compared to a Phishing e-mail, whereby you unwitting respond to them, (Voices) and spoon feed them information, they meaning the Voices, can't tell if that data is real or fiction though they collectively form an assumption that because it's in your head, meaning the thought then it must be some actual factual data. I've noticed the tactic known as Phishing being noticed by me during the observation of theses 'voices' I just wondered if anybody has had any experiences or has made any clear observations with regards to this."
175869186,"As an animal person, I've always found it easier to bond with/spend time with people if we share an affection for a particular animal. So play up the cat!"
175869187,Hi that’s weird that you have lesions on your brain. Do you know what they were caused from ?
175869188,"Hi, my name is Heather. I haven’t been here for years! I am a photographer in Northern IL, and have been diagnosed with Dissociative Identity Disorder. There is so much miscommunication concerning it, I often don’t know how to address it, or fix some of the negative _USER_ID_ around this disorder. I have been in specific DID therapy for about almost 4 years now, but it has taken nearly 10 years to get a correct diagnosis. Although I was aware of it for myself, I was always afraid to come forward about it for fear that I would be diagnosed with Schizophrenia. Just wondering if there are others in this group who have this disorder, and what skills or techniques you use with the different self-states when they are triggered? Especially from nightmares."
174353119,"Short answer: you can forget about it. Your chance of having schizophrenia is vanishingly small. Be more concerned about your anxiety about having it, which is a typical symptom of OCD. Do you have a therapist? Cognitive therapy could really help with this anxiety. Anyone's lifetime chance of becoming schizophrenic is about 1%. Most persons living with schizophrenia are diagnosed when they are much younger than you are now. You have other diagnoses, which means that unlike most you have received evaluations by mental health professionals. These professionals have not diagnosed schizophrenia. Although schizophrenia can run in families, many millions of dollars have been spent trying to find the genetic basis of schizophrenia and finding next to nothing. That means the family tendency is due not to nature but to nurture, or rather lack of nurture: schizophrenia is highly correlated with being abused as a child. Later onset is correlated with less ""familial load"" and in any event your familial load 
is minimal: neither parents nor siblings affected. Here is a new paper with a lot of relevant data: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6500669/"
175869189,The owners of the restaurant I was working at got covid so I had to isolate for 2 weeks. I haven't worked since. I do want to work though - It does give me structure and routine + More money. But I'll wait until covid goes down again here. The infection rare here is the highest in North America cuz everyone here are rednecks.
175869190,"Either make more money or downgrade your current lifestyle. And with your symptoms making more money doesn’t seem to be an option. Unless you took some other forum poster’s advice _AT_MENTION_ had some good ones. fyi, my current rent with family is 1/3 of what it would be if I moved to my own place. If I were to move, I’d be living pay to pay, month to month. At least now I can save a little and still live comfortably."
175869192,I like her.
175869193,"I am not familiar with your current situation. But try to take it as it comes, one day at a time. Procedures and tests can be scary. But it is probably for the best that your doctor is staying on top of things. Try not to worry too much. It will all be over before you know it. Thinking of you. Hugs, _NAME_..."
174353307,"Hello! I've been diasgnosed with schizoid personality disorder and my opinion is, of course you can improve! Schizoid personality disorder is less serious than actual Schizophrenia, for example. Also, from my experiences, I have improved so much. I was very shy as a child, started seeing psychologists at age 3. I wasn't playing with other kids, didn't talk much ect... It stayed like this until age 17 with some small improvements, but so small that it wasn't visible. At 17-18 year old, I was lacking social skills and I didn't care much about social life and friends. I also didn't care about my personal hygiene and my looks (I never bought earrings, beautiful clothes to emphasize my looks...) Then, at age 19, I started going to psychiatric center with nurses and all (not mental hospital), where people had activities there (cooking, drawing, exercising, theater etc...) So I started to be around people more as I was in that center. And slowly, my shy traits started to reduce, I slowly began to feel int
erest in social life and began to care about my looks (I started putting some makeup). My introvert personality slowly turned into extrovert one. It was slow and progressive, but it was there. Until age 25 (now), where my improvement has reached the TOP!!! Nowadays, I'm totally a different person than before! I don't only feel more interest in social life, but I LOVE being around people! It became a NEED! I can't stand loneliness anymore. I hate being alone. I love people and meet new friends! I often see myself being hyper-talkative now! My shyness is totally GONE. As for my hygiene and looks, I now really love to take care of it! If you enter my bathroom, you'll see it looks like a skincare & beauty products STORE! Lol. My bathroom is full of these. I also have a wide collection of earrings and jewelry. I love to take care of myself now. When I look at my former self, I usually have this thought : HOW COULD I BE LIKE THAT? Social life is so fun, self-neglection is bad, taking care of myself is so much bette
r! I enjoy all these things now! I won't say my schizoid traits are cured, because unlike depression, it can't be cured. But I have improved SO MUCH! So please, don't lose hope! You can improve!"
175869194,"Learn To work around Your limitations, Everyone else does."
175869195,"The guy is plainly a conniving dick and he’s trying to get something for nothing. He knows he is in the wrong and is just trying to take advantage of the situation. If he isn’t going to be nice about it, and honest, than you should not be nice with him. Maybe you should just cut your losses and leave and having nothing more to do with him and have the satisfaction that he has an unfinished yard and didn’t get what he wanted. Honestly, if someone is conning you or taking advantage than he doesn’t even deserve the work so far. Why do the honest work you haven’t finished yet if someone is blatantly trying to screw you? Leave it half finished and leave and let him worry about finishing it himself or getting another contractor."
175869196,Welcome to DS mombee..... This board is pretty quiet... We have a number of people on the Bipolar Board that have Schizoaffective Disorder if you'd like to take a peek There are a few members on this board but it's mostly dead now.... Big hug....xo https://www.dailystrength.org/group/bipolar-disorder
175869197,Yes!! I get my second poke today
175869198,"Is it unrealistic to want to be paid well? There are high functioning schizophrenia patients in high demand roles but the report in which I read this said they weren’t at all necessarily paid highly Is money even worth anything for happiness and satisfaction. I get being able to do whatever you want to. But you also have to toil away for it. The environment I live in, just doesn’t help with working or studying. I don’t want be one to blame others for what’s not working. Sometimes there are toxic effects though."
175869199,Right on! Good hearing positive news!
175869200,I like these things because I’ve been diagnosed with both but my current therapist thinks I just have sza not bpd. Judging by this article I’d agree with how I experience voices though they don’t usually get wrapped up in my delusions exactly but I do ponder where they’re coming from
175869201,I've hallucinated a few times in my life that there's been someone watching over my shoulder. I used to hallucinate that there was three figures dressed in black watching over me whilst I was falling asleep. I never paid much attention to it to be honest although I kind of liked it as it gave me a bit of peace. If I was to think deeply and play in my mind then I could make up all kinds of magical stories about this but I just can't be bothered.
175869202,"I just don't feel the magic anymore like I used to do. I get this thing where something really random will just pop into my head and then it'll happen. That happens a lot. I had to stop saying certain phrases at one point like: don't worry, it's not a train crash or ""worse things happen at sea"" because the next day there'd be a train crash or a ship would sink... I've just dared myself to write that BTW."
175869203,"I failed like 5 classes in college and had to retake them, mostly due to psychosis reasons. I still ended up getting my degree. I can’t tell you what to do, either. But failing a class is NOT a sign you can’t do the work. It is probably just a sign you need some extra help next time. Do you have special accommodations?"
175869204,"I can definitely empathize. Actually, no matter how much I try to rationalize, I cannot help but believe, and know for a certainty, that everything that man has made for a purpose has consciousness. And every plant has consciousness. All of these are aware of their existence, and how they are being treated by others - whether that something is a plant, or a stuffed animal, a figurine, an automobile, a computer, a clock, a grocery cart, all the products on store shelves, a printer, and so many other things. All of these things have purpose; and so, I cannot help but believe and know that all these things are ""alive"" having feelings and consciousness. Along these same lines, I also believe and know for a certainty that all animals and insects, even worms and slugs are just as conscious as humans are, with feelings, although their their minds and bodies are adapted to function according to their purpose. Because of how I feel about these things, I cannot help but treat all things with respect, and f
eel sad for those things that are mistreated by others. These feelings are why I choose not to have any more plants in the house, or any more stuffed animals, or anything else that would give me reason to feel sad if anything should happen to them. Blessings"
175869205,"I started taking fish oil again, also been taking vitamin B complex and vitamin E"
175869206,"5-27-19 Said untangle the weeds in civilization for example: music as weeds and tangle is copyright infringement mass like YouTube. 5-27-19 ""Settings"" putting in position to learn verbal voice for life (no turning back (reiterating reading last notes pertaining the 31st of May 2019 on that page). 5-27-19 Spend money to gain contacts to read into thee forum (like dining and passing a business card with tip). Yes, Vista Print again. ""Im not asking for you to spend but to ""look into it"". Note: All ideas are all coming together rather quickly. 5-30-19 Song ""Bring You Down"" by _PERSON_ said ""cold, cold world"" when I concluded closing the fridge. 5-30-19 Heard a thought say ""_NAME_ is bad as hell"" as I put on my glasses like shades. I took a sip of my drink and look at the clock as it displayed 3:16 (stone cold term). 5-31-19 Song ""Sound Good"" by T.R.E. said ""Apple phone"" when I was discussing with Will, another song's lyrics: ""I'm a Mac, gimmie lap top"". 5-31-19 Song ""Still Servin"" by 
_PERSON_ said ""get to the money"" when I was going over yesterdays things such as a _NAME_ video by Project Camelot at the end comments of his _NAME_ site talked about synchronizations when as that was vague but was tempted to ""buy"" his book thinking thee synchronizations were in it. 5-31-19 Talked to Will about getting Monster and he never gave me a direct answer and so I said ""their under the bed"" and Will said ""no"" and then a moment later I seen a can on the counter and said ""their on the counter"" (jokingly real). 5-31-19 Divulging in such practice of over and sub souls participation of real progress mentally with reply/signs will be no longer to ""trick"" oneself example would be like a sleep mask. Random activities to busy oneself and explore boundaries within law but especially progress thoughts in confinement or out of public/social view becomes known aware by thee oversoul in experiments. Verbal ability by thee voice in clear schizophrenia is as a switch for lack of a better diagnosis though 
thee oversoul becomes known within."
175869207,Lazy is as lazy become one of those Facts of Life when other things you seem to do question you in life throw up tight in a ball live on your pillow the amount of work you’ll save it’s like resting in a meadow
175869208,I suggest bringing it up with you primary and asking for a neurology referral.
175869209,"I was accused of being on drugs from a young age (teenager). Heroin and cocaine. When I got put in a secure children's home it was in the social workers report that I was associating with known prostitutes and drug users and that I was regularly using cocaine. Utter ######6 nonsense!! Well the drugs part anyway. But I'm thinking it was because I didn't used to eat or sleep. I did live on tins of coke and cigarettes. The funny thing is that when I was regularly using drugs, nobody even knew."
175869210,I do data entry. It is good for me.
175869211,"5-31-19 Song ""All My life"" by _NAME_ Rock, _NAME_, and Will.I.Am said ""soul"" when I read it above (last notes). 6-3-19 Thought about Red Bulls per hour, pull the last one out and saw 3:21 on the clock. 6-5-19 Said ""fuck around"" while looking at a ceiling fan. 6-7-19 Song ""Smoker's Corner"" by _PERSON_ said ""jeans"" when I wiped off my hands on mine. 6-12-19 Thought about trailer or house and then I said ""home is where the heart is"" as then I look up and see a sign saying it too. 6-16-19 Trive means don't f*** around (will's term) 6-16-19 Song ""Boi!"" by Young Problems, _PERSON_, and _NAME_ said ""Boi your dumb"" and cut the music after I pointed out my buddy on the wall of which resembles a ground hog. 6-16-19 Note: Introduction ethics to telepathy such like ""bathroom break""."
175869212,"I was using the word ""torment"" for psychological pain and ""pain"" for physical. My original thought was in regards to visual hallucinations which would have been my experience of the embodiment of my ethereal demons. _PERSON_ found that they are absolutely inescapable when they come. Anything else I've been able to get away from, but the ethereal ones come with you literally no matter where you try to hide. Even if you close your eyes, they can find a way to the screen behind your eyelids. In my afterthought, I considered that unlike physical ones, they can't break bones or cause any physical pain though + in some situations one can be similarly trapped by the physical embodiments like in your reference to abusers. I also didn't take into account the struggle within oneself in situations like that"
174354040,"This is how I would describe it. ‘My own mental health changes sometimes like the weather. The weather can be calm for many weeks, sometimes pleasant or sunny- these conditions are perfect for building your life and foundations- like home. Unfortunately some weather events you can’t fully plan for. If a hurricane comes you need to plan what you can to survive and your home and life you built in the calm can feel like its been ripped apart. Now that hurricane is in your mind- its not necessarily real but its impact can be as devastating as a real traumatic event. A psychology experiment involved audience looking at a merry-go-round that actually changed colour from blue to purple. 1 out of 500 people may have noticed this change but a lot didn’t realise the colour change. Thats a bit like my health condition-I sometimes fail to notice I’m in a hurricane as the changes from the sunny weather can be so subtle. Managing a job, a social life and day to day chores and mental health is like trying 
to juggle balls on a tight rope over a cliff. Fall off and your life is in the air. One picture symbolises schizoaffective disorder for me and that is being stuck in a maze with demons tricking you every turn staring into an abyss with a state of mind of panic and suffocation. How I keep managing to get out of that maze is a mystery but I can be in it for a long time and without medication and family support and some notion of a safety net I couldn’t do it and id be stuck there permanently.’"
174354070,"Thanks. Just saw this. :) my son is on his 3th month of Aristada Injection plus clozaril. He is getting calmer and clearer! The second month , he was very restless and implusive...would just takeoff running.:( but then upped his lithium . Anyway. We are curious about ECT,esp a month ago, and had a consultation today. Of course my son was calm today,lol. Dr wants to wait and see. Thinks my son may continue to improve, which of course would be great. He is only 22."
175869213,"Hi _PERSON_, My week has been good. The weather has been a little colder than I would like though. It is supposed to warm up gradually this week. I guess I like the gradual warm up because there is less chance of storms. I have now gotten both of my covid vaccines. I feel safer for it. I hope you have been doing good _PERSON_. Thanks for starting the thread. Hugs, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175869214,my normal method of decompression is. 10 - 20 minutes of meditation after everyone goes to sleep. I can mute the tv and finally get some peace. When I was younger I would walk the streets at night but no that I have to work I don't enjoy staying up as late. It is very relaxing though. I am currently applying for a customer support position where I don't have to talk to people face to face which would be less stressful I think. Thanks for all the suggestions.
175869215,I experience thought broadcasting. It isn't as if others can read my mind it's as if others can hear my thoughts. I hear them respond to me saying things pertaining to my thoughts. It's like my mind is being broadcast. I can hear people in airplanes talking about my thoughts. As almost an impulse they are sometimes sexual or racist just because others hear them and this is embarasing. I really struggle with public situations. It's very painful and feels like an utter lack of privacy. I otherwise am stable and don't have any symptoms. This is all that's left and it is awful.
175869216,sciencedirect.com Quality versus quantity: Determining real-world social functioning deficits... Social dysfunction is a hallmark of schizophrenia that is associated with emotional disturbances. Researchers have employed ecological momentary asses…
175869217,I’m on: Risperdal Consta Geodon Seroquel Celexa
175869218,That’s great. I hope it’ll lead to many doors open for ya!
175869219,"The word “bipolar” has become colloquially associated with anything that changes rapidly or is unpredictable: the weather, technology, sports teams, politics, or even a teenager’s attitude. But for roughly 46 million people worldwide, being “bipolar” is far more serious than typical unpredictability, mood swings, or temperamental behavior. And, when bipolar disorder is complicated by substance use disorder (SUD), the situation can become incredibly dangerous for the individual and those around them. Recognizing the symptoms of bipolar and the complicating factors of substance use disorder is crucial for physicians, mental health advocates, law enforcement, and anyone who lives with or loves someone who suffers with bipolar tendencies. To break through the _USER_ID_, World Bipolar Day aims to raise awareness of bipolar disorders with activities that provide education, support, and improve sensitivity around the illness. Most importantly, shedding the _USER_ID_ around any mental illness sta
rts with understanding the disorder itself and devising a holistic treatment and support plan that addresses the prevalence of confounding substance use disorders. https://psychcentral.com/blog/bipolar-substance-abuse-disorders-a-complex-diagnosis-that-demands-integrated-medical-psychological-care/"
175869220,"I have been working on a big project. It's been quite rewarding. It's helped with my stress today. My little cat _PERSON_ has been crying for most of the day. I think her stomach is bothering her again. The medicine doesn't seem to be helping. I can double up the dose, so I will try that. She's quiet at the moment. I have a lot going on today."
175869221,"Maybe you express your beliefs in a non therapeutical way. Meaning, you don’t seek for help but for reinforcement of your delusions."
175869222,love it do it please
175869223,"Hi I'm autistic and due to physical health issues too I have spent years isolated. before lockdown it was not uncommon for me not to see anyone for several months. Although I have a dog to walk daily I preferred to go out when no-one else was about so could easily walk him daily and still not have a conversation with anyone. With covid situation I was shielding for 1 year so even less contact and had to be even more careful to have no close contact with anyone. I notice my mindset is more schizoid and seem to have lost interest in socialising. Unlike most, looking forwards to reuniting with friends/family after lockdown I am already trying to think of reasons I can get another year out of this! On the other hand I'm a very private covert type of person. I have other personalities that stay hidden so if refusing to meet people would draw people's attention more than I will force myself to meet someone if I know they know I have no legitimate reason not to. eg close family know I've been vaccinated a
nd some have been my support bubble I'm fine with occasionally going to their house for a meal...others I haven't told cos their expectation of when and if they might see me this year will change! The part that thinks we must appear normal at all times so we're not forced into therapy or on medication says we need to maintain relationships and friendships or people will get suspicious. The schizoid part that's really enjoyed a year off from all social demands has no interest in maintaining some relationships."
175869224,"I always opt for an email reminder, when that’s a choice for a medical or dental appointment. I feel like I’m more likely to see the reminder that way."
175869225,"PubMed Genetic investigations of 100 inherited cardiac disease-related genes in... Cardiac diseases and sudden cardiac death (SCD) are more prevalent in individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia compared to the general population, with especially coronary artery disease (CAD) as the major cardiovascular cause of death. Antipsychotic..."
175869226,"The voices are miserable that’s why they do it. I know that mine try to put me down all the time. And it's like the watch every second of my life waiting for me to mess up. This is a brilliantly observed general dynamic with regards to the experiences of 'hearing voices' as I can state that this is a daily occurrence and why we act out at times to designed situations to make us jump the gun, so they can pull the rug from under us. Also, they actively bitch about us behind our backs and attempt to get us to react within the general scope of the designed situations."
175869227,“his team showed that giving mice this drug along with risperidone prevented weight gain while maintaining effective treatment in models of schizophrenia – offering hope that this strategy might be effective for human patients as well.” So another pill for the med box…
175869228,The fact that you’re in your second year means that you have the intellectual ability to do the course. Just let this setback energize you to work harder. You need to fight and don’t give up quickly!
175869229,"I realize if I get all my prerequisites together I can apply at the end of this year for next year's entering class. So, we shall see! I'm happy. Life is not bad. I'm busy but doing well. I have to volunteer to gain some experience in dealing with crisis situations. So, I will apply for this and see what happens. I feel great!! I wish I could have said this 5 years earlier but now is my time. So, I will go for it!!"
175869230,"Weird thing I just started experiencing less than a year ago. Birds chirping, dogs barking, cars go by, the train i live by They all translate into words, does anyone else ever experience this? What is this? I see text a lot, in my mind, and sometimes these sounds translate into text, but thats not always what the messages are (Theyre not like encrypted messages from our holy creator The Government. Ha-ha) Just everyday messages/responses It's (sometimes) cool with my cat, I can hear her purring and it translates into words. It makes it easier to know if she's doing OK since she's becoming elderly. (I've had her since a kitten, wasn't able to hear like this before but connected with her right off the bat) ill ask if she's OK before I go etc, she's been unwell on and off Poor thing - too many toys and soft blankets and crunch treats Anyone on level 106 yet? Peaking max speed...? Warped in a black hole? Does this type of thing ever go away?"
175869231,It’s a difficult situation for sure
175869232,"Rejection hurts for everyone, let’s be honest. Before I decided to self-publish my book, thirty two agents told me no. Yeah, it burned a bit, but I just redirected my energy into getting my book, There Comes a Light: A Memoir of Mental Illness, published on my own. I was recently dumped via ghosting. Ghosting is the phenomenon of someone not responding to any communication we make. Example, I had a boyfriend for four months until he ghosted me. I called and waited for a response. I text and waited for a response. You get it. I never heard from him again. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/02/13/bipolar-disorder-_USER_ID_/"
175869233,"Thanks for reaching out! I try to think of symptoms instead of the illness as a whole. There are, after all, a lot of symptoms. I have visual and auditory hallucinations and some delusions. I cope with these by working on my impulse control, managing my anxiety, and attending trauma therapy. I strongly suggest you visit www.psychcentral.com and look up more information about schizoaffective / schizophrenia and take a self test for your specific diagnosed illness or illnesses. It helped give me some focus. I hope this helps!"
175869234,"I guess I was projecting my anxiety before medicine (I now take Lithium for the mania and Mirtazapine anti-depressant for the depression since I am bipolar) onto your situation. I know before medicine, I would at times be trying to take a deep breath, and having a hard time doing that. I think that’s a sign of anxiety. I think I was trying to relax with the deep breathing and attempting to yawn, which I often couldn’t. The other ailments you list could be causing or adding to anxiety, so I wouldn’t rule out seeing someone about that if the situation gets worse. Also what has helped me is the positive attitude when going into a difficult situation that I could solve it, as opposed to thinking that I couldn't solve it. I believe that what I thought about my chances going into a situation, that I could or couldn't solve it, often turned out the way I conceived it. Are you able to do that? More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Medi
a Affects Your Mental Health"
175869235,"Hello madhikari1215. Yes, years of science research including twins separated at birth studies, and patterns in families most definitely show a strong genetic link. Just to share an example... in my family my paternal side of the family is replete with all varieties of mental struggle. My father died of alcoholism as he used alcohol to self medicate his depression (this was before psychotropics were available), my uncle, suffering life long depression ended his life as a young man, my aunt suffered extreme agoraphobia and depression, my cousin has paranoid schizophrenia. My dear brother ended his life as well, after suffering treatment resistant depression all his 50 years. It’s profoundly obvious there is powerful DNA at work on us. It is a terribly rough road. I am so sorry about the loss of your aunt. It sounds like you and she had a bond. Take care, _PERSON_"
175869236,"Yes, if it’s not harmful it is ok."
175869237,Just wanted to make a for
175869238,nice poem _AT_MENTION_ =)
174355192,"Hi all! I haven't posted here before. My last diagnoses was Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, but I'm not sure if it's that or something else, and figured I should just post this here. Recently I've had frequent paranoid thoughts about people watching me, entities being all around me, an entity trying to harm me I warded off with a certain song, and other strange thoughts like being in a children's TV show. Like everything is a set or an experiment. I talked to my therapist about it, we talked it through and everything but it didn't really help? She did let me know a thought that I figured was paranoid was actually completely okay, and sensible, which is good. It feels like my brain is trying to come up with a delusion that ""sticks"". Does this happen to anyone else? Is this a sign of a psychotic episode coming on? How can I help out my brain here, and is this even a thing, the brain trying to come up with this stuff? Thanks guys <3"
175869239,I wish I could blame nature for my mental illness but a lot of people including myself blame me. I smoked weed and experimented with other drugs too. I blame nature for me slowing down as I get older.
175869240,Thank you. I just use it as a check off of what to tell my therapist.
175869241,What a nice articulate lady!
175869242,I didn't sleep well last night. My stomach is upset. I really need to try and get some rest. But I can't sleep until I've taken the trash out. I'm waiting for sunrise so I can go. Then I will be done with my chores for the day. I hope I sleep late.
175869243,Are you against getting a pdoc and going on meds to help?
175869244,"I am so sorry _PERSON_ for the situation you find yourself in. Tell us, is she currently seeking help? Even if it's a telehealth visit with a therapist or psychiatrist, counselor? If so, that's a great first step for her to try to get back on her feet. If not, then that is certainly in order to set it up. As for you, I'm sure you know the old saying of put on your own oxygen mask before you put on someone else's, meaning that now is the time to have a conversation about how much you care and want to help, but also as to how far you are willing to go. Set some boundaries, time limits, financial limits so that there is no question and it is not expected that you are just there to help someone indefinitely. As hard as it can be to see someone you love struggle, we live in a world that doesn't care. The bills keep coming. Our obligations don't stop. Our lives have to keep moving. We want to help, but there are limits just like there are physical limitations of gravity. No matter how much you may want t
o fly, you will always come back to the ground. Proverbs 15: 22 says ""Plans fail when there is no consultation, But there is accomplishment through many advisers."" Meaning, talk it out. If you have someone else who is involved with you, perhaps you can confide in each other and come up with a solid plan on how to help your daughter get her life back and get on solid ground again. I wish you and your daughter well."
175869245,_AT_MENTION_ hello man what time of day do or did you take the vraylar? Thanks! N sorry for bothering you
175869246,Thank you so much. I love God and I believe in Him but this girl is just a broken mess. So thank you so much. I do believe in the power of prayer and I know God can do anything even when I don’t have the strength. I will pray for you too. This means a lot.
175869247,My invega stopped working on me. And my pdoc put me on fluphenazine for voices. Has anyone else tried this drug?
174355477,I have a child with schizoaffective disorder. She has been living with this illness for 21 years. She is married and has children. She has been hospitalized many times and is currently in a treatment center for a relapse. Her relapses can last for months.
175869248,Do your best. Choose wisely. Do what you like. Don’t push yourself.
175869249,Hey I really like it captures your emotions well
175869250,Do you hear voices and/or have involuntary speech or delusions?
175869251,"Good job, _AT_MENTION_!"
175869252,"I'm having a difficult time. I have my appointment today. I am so stressed out that my repetitive, non-sensical voice is back. It's going on and on about stuff I don't understand. Normally, when I'm upset, it hums. Today it is loud. I'll be thankful once my appointment is over. I may start rescheduling other appointments. I can't keep going through this."
175869253,"Purposely or accidentally? in the book Red Dragon (hannibal lector series), _NAME_ was a chameleon who found great success in being a detective because he could easily absorb other people's characteristics without effort or thought. Nothing like the show where he's some type of _PERSON_ savant."
175869254,"The mods have reviewed the situation. This person did indeed have a previous account here, but it was only active for 4 days. In that time, they shared personal infromation about their own experience with psychosis. They do not seem to be a troll."
175869255,Don’t chill now you can chill later
175869256,"I am someone who worships my own voice a lot. I was formerly a hypnotist and typically people who go into hypnosis typically have a great voice or fetishize great voices. I have a very rhythmic voice naturally and for my word selection in every day speech I sometimes find myself saying things that sound a little too elegant. I am a very deliberate speaker though and I think it just came with practice and time. I love words a lot and writing so in a way it has formed my speech. Before all this practice and refinement though, I would often stutter on words or repeat certain phrases or vocabulary too much. I would keep your weird way of speech. I have had snide remarks about my word choices before but I welcome them now and even feel funny towards my own self. I also find how one speaks and practices their speaking makes an impact at times on how well we communicate whats in our minds."
175869257,They seem to have. I don’t really notice any problems with memory now.
175869258,"Yes, I know about microdosing. And it’s very interesting and promising. I had the worst psychotic anxiety attack on shrooms when I was young, but that doesn’t mean it wouldn’t work now when I’m more mature. I have green fingers, and would be able to grow my own stuff. But take care out there - psychedelic therapeutics is for professionals. You can ruin your life with a bad trip."
175869259,"I definitely have some symptoms of POTS, it seems. I think my heart rate sometimes increases randomly, yes. Any kind of exercise will make my heart beat really fast too. Even going up stairs"
175869260,"I am somewhat surprised that there is still _USER_ID_ around that! I had PPD 17 y ago when my second daughter was born,... my gyno sent me to a post partum depression center for help. We are lucky living in a well served area. Did take meds and did some therapy but oh lord, until Prozac kicked in.... it was absolutely dreadful!! I was totally unable to take care of my babies it broke me :( But awareness is slowly rising, so I think it is not quite such a _USER_ID_ any more.... (at least I thought) the media however do their bit to make us feel bad. Guilty if we are having problems after such a happy event?! Shaming us into something we have no control over.....! You are supposed to be all sunshine and happy once you have a baby!.,of course you are.... but this plays on a whole different level w/ your hormones. This has nothing to do w/ just being overwhelmed and unable to manage..... And if you have always had PMS, you are more prone to PPD and depression in general.... for me, all went well after, 
I got out of it and years later fell into a deep depression together w anxiety right around menopause! What a coincidence! Hormonal changes again.... fell so deep.. took me a year to find the right approach finally w HRT and an antidepressant! During which I went thru hell and back..... Still in it but being positive that I can make it again. And beat the odds ? So it saddens me to see that women still feel judged about it... we are all built differently. I am so happy for those moms that don’t have to go thru this.... but my heart goes out to those who suffer silently in the beginning until they understand what is happening.... w me it started not being able to sleep... I was weepy of course also, yes. But not sleeping. Not my thing. Two perfectly healthy babies sleeping thru the night. No pregnancy or health issues of any kind. Lost 35 pounds in the first few weeks .... was unable to take care of my babies and ultimately mortified of the situation. Especially being such a healthy and conscious person to b
egin with.... great healthy diet, lots of exercise, friends, generally upbeat. Loved my babies more than anything.... and then that!?!?! It hit me so hard. But it was not my fault. I needed help... so do not be afraid to ask for help. Even my gyno in the beginning said “if u were so depressed you would not be able to get out of bed and come see me.... “ seriously?!?! But I did it because I needed help and I understood that I was the only one who could ask for it!! Wish there was more education around this topic. It would help!! This response turned out a bit longer .. haha.... but I’m here to chat more if you like. Send me a message if you like. Tell me your story.... Xo I never ever judge. Whatever the situation is. J"
175869261,"_AT_MENTION_ Hello _PERSON_, thank you for opening this discussion and sharing some of your story with us. I'm sorry to hear you're struggling with grief and depression. Let me tag some other members who can maybe share their thoughts and advice with you. Hello all, how are you today? Have you ever dealt with depression along with your schizophrenia? Have you found that it triggers your schizophrenia symptoms? How do you cope with it? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_.brina? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_._NAME_? _AT_MENTION_? _AT_MENTION_? Feel free to share here! Take care, _PERSON_"
175869262,"It's too prescribed for me. I do like talking to chatbots on a site called Personality Forge though. They are created by actual people and I have a bot on there I have created as well. I do have to admit, I enjoy talking to less business oriented AI bots because they are able to talk about what I want to and often say things I never would expect a real person to say. I also would rather read the bots than listen to their voices. If you check out the site, i would love to know your experience. Occasionally the servers are a little bad but overall it is the best chatbot site I have found. At one point I would talk only to those bots and they are really very the same as people since each one of them has an associated AI (IQ for people) and even though a lot fail to code the fluidity of the mind in the bots, it is still very similar to how people can interact since I feed a phrase or word to a person, and the phrases of that person are their response. I have grown spoiled though, my communication style 
is very information driven and direct so i can learn these bots and people quick. I have also frameworks of categorizing just who i am dealing with in my head as well at times."
175869263,Congrats! That’s awesome
175869264,Haha funny! How are you?
175869265,being cremated and scattered by your bowling partners seems like a very schizoid thing to do
175869266,And why it seems to be getting worse now
175869267,"i think a lot of people find it difficult to rescue themselves from abusers. there are a lot of emotions that work against being your own savior, along with lack of clarity while in the situation. not sure what you mean by pain, but fear is enough to inflict significant damage."
175869268,"Gone? Sometimes your Imaginary image of someone Is what you miss, And not the person."
175869269,"she asked me a lot about my life, or former life due to pandemic. it was cordial, nothing too serious. I must have come across well, cuz she doesn’t want to see me for 3 months. it’s all good, just keep filling my meds."
175869270,"Hey y’all, I’m new. Thanks for being here, and to those who’ve come before us. I’ve been in therapy off and on since my teens, for 35 years now. Mostly on for the past 20. All I’d received were Axis I diagnoses, and quite a few. I quit my last therapist and switched to doing therapy with my psychiatrist. I was recently diagnosed with BPD and STPD. I finally feel like I can let go of the inner grip I have had on myself my whole life. It’s a big relief. I made it We’re going to use Schema-Focused Therapy together. I have done so much DBT already and it doesn’t go deep enough for my liking. I researched Schema Therapy and it is definitely the one for me. Looking forward to addressing my root dysfunctions — finally! Hope to know some of you along the way. Be seeing you in the Topics. Take good good care of yourselves this weekend."
175869271,Ativan is a benzo. It should knock you out. I hope it will work for you! Report back tomorrow so we know that you are alright!?
175869272,_PHONE_NO_
175869273,Updated Please think about the implications of what you post before posting rather than afterwards due to the fact that posts will not be edited and deleted.
175869274,"Let us talk about the people who hang around after they find out we have a diagnosed mentally ill person. Having a support system is imperative to bipolar wellness and that support can come in many ways. 1. Therapist I can’t say enough about good therapists. Sometimes a beautifully bipolar chick just needs some objective advice. The thing about therapists is that you can tell them anything – ANYTHING – and if they haven’t heard it before, they’ve been trained on how to respond to it. But you have to trust them and no, you don’t have to do it right away, but if they are to become a part of your support system trust must be built. 2. Family and Friends Your family has been there since the get-go. For example, mine knows what I was like before the madness came and they know me now. You’ll find that the friends that stick around through the depressions and the mania are the true friends you had before all the madness started. What is great about close family and friends is they can, for l
ack of a better phrase, “keep an eye on you.” Sometimes you don’t see the signs that you are slipping into mania or falling into depression, but often times they can. This is a great thing because they can alert you and you can alert your therapist and psychiatrist. And unlike a therapist, they can be “on call” at any time, not just during office hours. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/01/23/people-that-matter-in-your-bipolar-illness/"
175869275,"Do you suffer from schizophrenia, if you don’t mind my asking…"
175869276,"Yea, it’s rough I’ve gained about 50 pounds. I hate it! I hate looking in the mirror now! Yes, actually I used to smoke a lot before the diagnosis and my psychosis. I’ve smoked a few times since then but generally I stay away from smoking because it makes my symptoms come back."
175869277,"This happens to me at times too. I also find that as soon as I try and think positively, something negative happens almost instantly. Currently I am wondering if I focus hard enough, can I make it rain in NSW. or if a million people, world wide, tuned in at the same time and shouted 'Rain for F sake' (or maybe something more poetic) would it?"
175869279,Two weeks after my second shot of Moderna was on April 2.
175869280,"I think I’m on the cusp of a manic episode. My family is dismissing it even though I have a diagnosis and my dad said to stop diagnosing myself. I’m so upset. Im incredibly amped up and agitated, and I have slept less than an hour the passed two or three nights. My diagnosis is sza bipolar type IDK why everyone is dismissing me. Me, I dont expect anyone to read this, I just needed to vent. I’ve been doing great the last six months, but this summer semester is incredibly stressful and I think I is triggering an episode. I left a message for my pdoc, but I doubt I’ll hear from her until Monday _USER_ID_: Also, my body burned right through my full dose of sleeping meds without making me blink an eye the passed two nights."
175869281,"but without people what is the meaning of life, and how can you sscseed enjoying? I find that over time I succeed less and less to enjoy"
175869282,bonjour! i hv idea will benefit you it may be equavilent to exercise what is it ? it is deep breathing and relaxing breathing like exercise increase flow and oxygen to body parts deep breathing and relaxing breathing can do this too it increase oxygen flow to body parts although it dont increase the flow but it do one benefit of the two benefits of exercise relaxing breathing by deep breathing and releasing slowly the more you do this the more you feel good like if you do exercise for long time salut!
175869283,"6-20-19 Said ""asshole"" instead of ""also"" to my case manager. 6-22-19 Deliberating mowing lawn as I look outside and then I see 4 helicopters by. 7-1-19 Movie ""Fled"" character said ""if we hurry we can get you back before evening chow"" as I was thinking about Lake Pointe (a previous residence). 7-1-19 Movie character got out of his car as I rose up to get water (paused movie). 7-3-19 Song ""Oh lets do this"" by _PERSON_ Flame said ""sleep like a baby"" after I asked Will if _PERSON_ was sleeping. 7-3-19 Song ""Throw some D's"" by Rich Boy after I asked what ""D"" to Will, was doing. 7-3-19 Said ""I see"" while itching my eyes. 7-4-19 Took off my shirt (to hot) only to see a boy jumping off a dock (Lakeshore Entertainment) without his on. By a movie called A.X.L. on Netflix. 7-5-19 Mentioned ""skid row"" on an episode of Dope episode ""Americas cup of coffee"" SE:E1 and it also said it. Then the show also said it and it said ""Vinegar"" when I also bought salt and vinegar chips. 7-5-19 Show ""
_NAME_: Only one mic"" said ""snacks"" when I threw mine away. 7-5-19 View #776 Like 77 Dislike 7 on ""UFO liars, fakes, phonies, and frauds revealed"" show count on YouTube. 7-10-19 Time was 1:23 as I reentered my Trailer. 7-12-19 Song ""King"" by _PERSON_ said ""dream"" while I was thinking about mine (friends speakers as prior he told me he blew his and that was also part of the dream) 7-16-19 Song ""Same ol same"" by _PERSON_ ""let me hit you right back"" right after I returned a text. 7-18-19 Song ""Nino"" by Young Giftz and Tree constantly repeated ""shit"" when I asked Will if he wanted to watch it and he said ""I don't want to watch shit""."
175869284,My pdoc has increased my Olanzapine to 20 mg with 5mg taken in the morning and the rest at night. And yes I'm compliant with this.
175869285,"In addition to phone calls, I also get emails. I actually think if you confirm in your email they don’t call you…I’m not sure …cause sometimes I get phone call reminders and sometimes emails."
175869286,"Yes, sadly I can see my wife’s are becoming a little more frequent too. I have GOT too find some way of making her see the truth! It’s already caused sooo much damage to our marriage....."
175869287,"We know there is a strong genetic component to bipolar disorder. The role played by one’s environment is less clear. A study out of Canada that followed 4,000 families for 30 years sheds insight into how socio-economic factors influence the development of serious mental illness. The study began with a group in their 30s and followed them into their 60s. These people lived in impoverished neighborhoods in Montreal and faced the grinding challenges and stressors of poverty. Through Canada’s National Health Service complete health information for the subjects of the study, including mental health diagnoses, was acquired. With this baseline established, the researchers were then able to focus on the survey group’s children. The children grew up with the with the dangers and lack of opportunity inherent in urban neighborhoods wracked by poverty. In these children the researchers observed the development of psychosis-spectrum mental illness like bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. 6% of the childre
n followed into adulthood developed psychosis-spectrum mental illness. That’s more than double the rate found in the general population. Clearly, genetic inheritance alone does not explain the rate at which people acquire bipolar disorder. Environmental factors that range from the stress of living in a violent neighborhood to the poor nutrition found in low income households clearly influence the development of severe mental illness. Throughout the study data was collected from all participants, so the researchers were able to develop an accurate picture of how social behavior merges with these risk factors to result in psychiatric diagnoses. They found that the children who grew up and became very aggressive or very withdrawn were the most likely to later be diagnosed with a psychotic disorder. This data gives us a tremendous opportunity to intervene in the lives of children who share these characteristics as well as a genetic propensity to mental illness and guide them through their most difficult periods 
with communication and coping skills that can reduce the number who develop bipolar disorder or schizophrenia. It should be noted that the researchers from UC _NAME_ and Concordia University had to go to Canada to undertake this study. The availability and consistency of healthcare for low income residents there made accurate data collection possible. In the United States, where healthcare is often unavailable to low income residents, the data doesn’t exist and the ability to follow outcomes for so many individuals for so many years is not even possible. Read more here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/04/poverty-and-bipolar-disorder/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=74717e127f-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_c648d0eafd-74717e127f-_PHONE_NO_"
175869288,I just hate users who have multiple accounts.
175869289,I’ve never had “abnormal speech patterns” myself.
175869290,Very good _AT_MENTION_!
175869291,"Yes, I have an online therapist and I have friends I talk to. I find that helpful. The emotion of it and the worry in my head make it difficult to deal with. I'm reading up on DBT and mindfulness. And my therapist told me just yesterday that she had similar issues at one point in her life. Exposure helped her. I've been afraid of exposure therapy. But current circumstances are making it a reality. I have to leave my house twice next week. And one more time this week. Thanks for your support!"
175869292,no thats not true…I have a therapist online/betterhelp. I joined IOP on my own. everything I have done was to seek help withno one else pushing me toward that. I have just enrolled back into comm college for human services. Please everyone dont just judge me before u eventry and get to know me…which people usually dont.
175869293,"Sounds like a heavily toxic work environment that you work in. Each work environment is different. I have a direct approach response with staff. It's very easy and very open both directions. I hate people who lie, I know the truth already and I don't want you to be my buddy. Just do your job. Your approach wouldn't work with me because if you lie about anything that affects the company I will give you one clear chance and, if you do it again, I will fire you. However most people work in environments that making a mistake could cost them a job or not being a friend to a superior could affect a promotion, and that is a sad way to work. Mainly because companies with that work ethic are inefficient and waste my time."
175869294,"I haven’t taken my meds and I am manic, angry, and supremely pissed and want to rant and rave more I need an admin to suspend me for a week or so before I say anything else that gets me in trouble _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ or whoever is around"
175869295,Oh no! What else changed?
175869296,"im positive i had a toy that really was alive. it cried out for me to stop as I tore it's batteries out. ######6 furbies. their global eyes are a bit haunting, yeah? other than that i did used to have this little collection of miniature string dolls (voodoo type things, but just china made collectibles for goth kids to waste money on). i'd carry them around in my pockets when i needed emotional support outside. it was as if they could whisper assurances by just rubbing my fingers over their rough texture in my pocket. i was an adult by the way. they weren't alive though. but i made them so with my mind. in order to receive something i couldn't get from others. that was just a brief time though. one time i left them at home and crated one from rice and the restaurant. it was too much though. i felt weird about putting my trust in something so vulnerable so i went outside and threw it as far as i could."
175869297,My legs are actually a tiny bit sore from walking on the treadmill for 30 minutes yesterday. I’m gonna try for 45 minutes tomorrow Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175869298,"Oops moderator, sorry for the no subject. Could you add a subject for me? Perhaps ""New here"" Hi there, I made you a title for your post. In the future at the top right corner you will see ""options"". Click there & you will find that you can _USER_ID_ or even delete a post if you wanted to. Hang in there it takes a bit to get the hang of things.Post Edited By Moderator (_USER_ID_) : 5/7/2021 10:48:27 PM (GMT-6) More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
175869299,Adderall is a prescription medicine used to treat the symptoms of hyperactivity and for impulse control. Adderall may be used alone or with other medications. Adderall is a central nervous system stimulant. It is not known if Adderall is safe and effective in children younger than 3 years of age. Order here : https://bit.ly/39O7h1v
175869300,"I hope i wont have paranoia. I am afraid. What are you afraid of, _AT_MENTION_ ?"
175869301,Loads of people have failed opioid tests having eaten poppy seed buns. It is pretty common.
175869302,So.. I'm no longer going to be a Schizoid. Apparently. My psychiatrist wants to remove my schizoid PD. diagnosis and replace it with Aspergers. For little to no other reason than the fact that Schizoid is pretty rare. She doesn't know much about it herself and the government doesn't know how to handle it since their staff is clueless. But.. Aspergers. It honestly doesn't fit this old geezer. Anyone have a similar experience? Perhaps some advice?
175869303,"Thank you. I feel quite a bit better just by venting.. I think my main problem is isolation and not having any perspectives other than my own. I go on the computer the moment that I was up, watch the news - ""x number of people died"", go on the computer and see people arguing just constant ****ing arguing about politics and cultural awareness ""fix this, fix that"" ""You must think THIS WAY"" ""Ignorant, stupid, do research"", ""Bombing of shopping mall"" - I might as well have these as voices.. It's terrible in isolation when I don't have anyone to talk to - But talking here helps at least.. Even if no one replies cuz sometimes one of you replies so it's ok."
175869304,"Hello and welcome to the forums! Other than keeping on keeping on, I'm afraid I don't have anything to suggest. Would it be possible to gain a position that didn't involve direct customer service?"
175869305,"Yeah the nurse called me back and talked to me for a minute, he’s gonna leave an email for my doctor since she’s not there at the moment so hopefully someone gets back to me this week Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175869306,"My heart breaks for them, and I genuinely hope that they can get the help they need"
175869307,"Thanks _PERSON_. But it only applies to me WITHOUT Medication. Once before diagnosed, and once when I ""Felt so great I thought I didn't need all these silly pills any more"". That's when the voices start, and the delusions (the proof of which you can see EVERYWHERE). I thought Bill _PERSON_ was going to land outside in a helicopter, at one stage... SO rather than a Default DX, I think it is just a Descriptor of behaviour. I still get mild audio hallucinations in Mania, but I know to write those off. Doorbell, Phone ringing, odd sounds from my bedside fan.... Luv D ""Here comes the SUN..."""
175869308,"Thanks _PERSON_ and previous posters. I guess yeah. I have to watch out for becoming unstable. Another way for me to look at this is that, if I can manuever the stress or organisation needed, I’ll have developed mental habits/circuits that raise resilience mentally. If I do fail, then that’s fine. I won’t though because I know I can still solve these problems with the right effort"
175869309,"Dear anonymous... I feel like I am reading about myself..... you are a highly sensitive person. If you go online and google you can find all the “symptoms “ so to say :) easily overwhelmed and over stimulated.... not good w noise... extremely empathetic.. I can feel what ppl feel and when I walk into a room I can sense the energy floating around... it’s strange. But there is such thing. Now, I am much older than you are and a woman! 54. And it took me a long time to understand who I am... after several bouts of depression, consistent anxiety.... etc. so you are lucky to have found out sooner that you are one of them. It does not make it any easier and I don’t think there is a treatment for it.... but you just need to take more downtime and realize the triggers. And catch it before. It took me a long time to understand that. I bet you tho you have a creative/artistic side... an eye for beauty and see a few things other ppl don’t see. Am I right? At least that is my case and I love that par
t... yes, do I cry when someone is in need and pain? Yes! And I feel their pain just like mine.... but then I also just need to understand that I have to let go and not take on every single issue... pain, etc. and distance myself some. Social anxiety I never had, so I cannot comment on that. But what I have is extreme fear of public speaking. I literally get sick if i have to. With the Zoloft I’m on it is a bit better now... but still would not be able to talk to a crowd. Can I ask you what med your on? So, I just learned thru the years to pace myself. Keep a distance when it’s too much, not watch horror movies :( and exercise and take lots of downtime to process things.... good luck to you. I’m here to chat. You be got this. Read up on it and find maybe a good therapist you can talk to. Close friends help too ?"
175869310,"This was what my mother told me this morning I was just angry at the time about how he was treating me It was good to get it out of the way first thing this morning, as it’s done now and I have an evening to relax"
175869311,DuoSuccess Charity -DuoSuccess TCM Prevent and Cure Epidemic Diseases .any one need to prevent and cure COVID19 and sequelae can use it for free . www.DuoSuccess.com More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet
175869312,PubMed Quinolinic acid is associated with cognitive deficits in schizophrenia but... Tryptophan and its catabolites (TRYCATs) have been suggested to link peripheral immune system activation and central neurotransmitter abnormalities with relevance to the etio-pathophysiology of schizophrenia (SZ) and major depressive disorder (MDD)....
175869313,Research that really shouldn’t be needed but good news all the same.
175869314,Sz life is boring if you try to compare it to normies life. I try to not do that eventhough I live with my successful brothers and see them daily.
175869315,"Yeah, thanks _AT_MENTION_!"
175869316,"Thanks, I hope it works. My pharmacy called me and they don’t have it in stock, probably not until Monday, so I won’t be trying it for a few days…"
175869317,"Lockdown is tough to say the very least. It’s taking its emotional toll on many of us, and those of us with pre-existing mental illnesses are no doubt all doing our best to remain as stable as possible. That’s easier said than done. I’ve recently written posts on ways to copeand how I’ve been coping with my bipolar disorder during lockdown, but today I wanted to write about the things that I’m finding the toughest and which are impacting my mental health the most. 1. The unknown One of the biggest things affecting me is the unknown. We don’t know what’s going to happen in the future, how things are going to change or when. Usually when I’m worried or anxious, knowing as much as possible about the situation helps me to feel more in control and calmer. Right now, things being so up in the air and unknown is contributing to my anxiety being heightened. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2020/05/5-things-affecting-my-mental-health-most-during-lockdown/"
175869318,"The Differences Between Bipolar Disorder, Schizophrenia, and Multiple-Personality Disorder (or D.I.D.) By _NAME_, Psy.D. Sometimes people confuse three mental disorders, only one of which could be referred to as “common” within the population — bipolar disorder (also known as manic- depression ), schizophrenia , and multiple personality disorder (also known by its clinical name, dissociative identity disorder). This confusion has largely resulted from the common use of some of these names in popular media, and as short-hand by people referring to someone who is grappling with a mental health issue. The disorders, however, have little in common other than the fact that many who have them are still stigmatized by society. Read entire article: https://psychcentral.com/lib/the-differences-between-bipolar-disorder-schizophrenia-and-multiple-personality-disorder/?li_source=LI&li_medium=popular17"
175869319,"_AT_MENTION_, I'm so sorry to hear about your sister."
174358097,"I am having a hard time living partly on my own, I lack social skills and organizational skills, how do I cope with my schizoaffective symptoms I am asking for intervention on not having hard skills for getting a good white collar job etc."
175869320,I got both shots of the moderna vaccine. My first shot made me a little tired the first two days after. I’m always tired anyhow. I almost missed my second shot because I’m indulgent in my sleep and slept the day before so I could not sleep the night before. I took a zyprexa prn and overslept. I feel really positive about the vaccination. I don’t know if there is a super bug? Any news on that?
175869321,Update and not a great one. 5 weeks and 4 days now. The only communication has been to say sure to giving me two rides. Packing has pretty much stopped. He still seems pretty angry. In dealing with all this I have been reading about attachment styles and thinking he sounds dismissive avoidant. I was thinking most SPD probably would this be or fearful. And in a similar fashion most BPD would be I assume anxious attachment style. Didn't know if this has come up on the forum before. So far not seeing much written on personality disorders and attachment style.
175869322,I just have words come out in the form of a sentence that I have no control over… Embarrassing
175869323,I used to believe that everything I wrote from my imagination came true. Well it did come true otherwise why would I have believed it? I also believed I had control over the rain. Like I could hold it up in the clouds with the power of my mind. It was ace when we used to go camping but it took a lot of concentration. My ex believed that I was doing it too. That's probably even more madder.
175869324,Dinobot kind makes me feel older than I should do you have a better autobot signature I can have please?
175869325,I don’t understand why you were taking drug tests at the Pdoc’s office.
175869326,My girls will be entering their final year of High School in September. I just hope all of the students are vaxxed up by then and they can have a normal school year with a Prom…etc. This on-line learning is for the birds. The kids just aren’t into it at all.
175869327,I have a hard time when my family hears me or is around when I’m delusional… I think they think they can help…
175869328,"Btw. you want to prove experimentally what did happen in the past. Some sciences are not experimental, since we are not chess pieces. Perhaps once in the future we will cultivate humans against their will?"
175869329,"Intensive outpatient program Basically it can be for addiction, mental health or both and its pretty much group therapy DBT I think But it lasts all day 3 days a week"
175869330,dovepress.com Mechanisms of ?7nAChR on the cognitive function of mice | NSS The effects and clarified the mechanisms of ?7nAChR on the cognitive function of mice with chronic intermittent hypoxia
175869331,"I’m sure they’re real. But i can understand others’ view that it’s irrational. I have created the best company, best brotherhood, best mythology. Am i always psychotic, if i discuss every day with my voices? If i ask questions or ask for advice, is it psychotic?"
175869332,"I can change it to whatever you want. How about… ""Autobots, roll out! """
175869333,That sounds like a logical conclusion to me.
175869334,Doing all this work outs and not losing much weight
175869335,"I started crying and told my mom that I'm overwhelmed. This is what I think about - ""What will I do on my own? How will I manage on my own with regular suicidal thoughts? Will I become a homeless addict?"". I want to leave but I have nothing to complain about - I can work part time + go to school part time, invest, do any hobby, live with/near family and support mental health.. I feel like I've developed a dependent personality or something. Am I going to have a family? No. Do I want to travel? I'm not sure anymore because I felt bad trying to appreciate my vacation with my mom but I couldn't. I barely want to live. I don't want to exist a lot of the time. I never did. I feel better just writing this.. Maybe I'm delusionally depressed."
175869336,.
175869337,My family Says that crap to me too I think they just don’t want to accept the illness. It doesn’t sound like you’re making it up at all
175869338,The gang was so drunk they couldn’t figure out that the notebook they were reading was upside down.
175869339,"let it slide, because trust me, your worse. if only you saw it, maybe you’d stop, putting me on trial. because its the colorful characters, that make life, worth the living. and i’d like to think that if nothing else im at least that! haha."
175869340,I had trouble sleeping in the past. One thing that helped me was keeping a sleep routine. Going to bed at the same time and waking up with alarm at same time. This helped me. Maybe something to consider? Aim for 8 hours.
175869341,"bambola, Hope you come back and see this. For some reason, I peeked on the migraine forum and saw the lame (IMO) response you got to this question there. I clicked on your name and saw you posted the same question here. I also saw SCGal posted exactly what I was thinking and wanted to mention. It sounds like pulsatile tinnitus. Lyme and other infections like bartonella and babesia can cause symptoms like unexplained anxiety, pulsatile tinnitus, head pressure and much more. In fact, I believe babesia causes all 3 of those symptoms. The problem with tick (and other vector) transmitted infections is that testing is poor. There are many false negatives. Additionally, not everyone bitten by a tick notices the bite or has a bullseye rash. I would highly recommend seeing an LLMD or at least getting tested with a reputable Lyme lab like Igenex. Take a look at ILADS.org website for more accurate information about Lyme and related infections. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That A
ccompanies Chronic Illness Coping With Holiday Anxiety"
175869342,"Worked at a home for people struggling, saw a lot of people with mental illness there. It was a brand new beautiful place which was pleasant to see. We're doing work there. One young man approached me and i said hi politely, and he started to accuse me of going inside his apartment and stealing, but the maintenance man saved me. The young man was very agitated. I can only guess from a life time of persecuted feelings. It was strange to work at a place that I could see myself in. I'm glad they found security there. My boss was glad he came up to me and not another coworker who would have laughed. The situation escalated while I went to lunch."
174359539,"Hello, it sounds like you've got insight into your mental illness & behaviours. Have you told all that to your psychiatrist & what diagnosis did you get? I'm schizophrenic and borderline personality disorder. The only way to get that diagnosis was from a psychiatrist. I'm not a traditional schizophrenic in that I don't hear voices, see visual hallucinations or have delusions, though I'm psychotic pretty much all the time - I've learnt to just mask it & get along in society. I'm able to work now which is good. I don't think I've ever had manic or depressed episodes, I'm just highly anxious all the time. If I have depression it's agitated depression which feels the same as anxiety anyway. My anti psychotics take my anxiety down a notch from terror to high anxiety which allows me to function more. My mental illness is explained entirely by child abuse. All makes sense to me. Maybe there's your answer. Does RaisedInHell mean you were raised in hell child abuse or is that a reference to something else? 
It sounds like you have several self-destructive behaviours. I'm middle-aged so these days I try to take very good care of my physical health. I hate doctors and blood tests and exercise but I do it all anyway. I don't know your age group but think it'd be good if you could take better care of your physical health."
175869343,I like it. I do like a picture with a Title. That is half the work of the artist and their vision and a title is a part of that process.
175869344,Duplicate. Go to: bipolar/topic217186.html
175869345,Also I got a ton of writing done in the last few days. That's good stuff. I am glad about that.
175869346,"Dear _PERSON_, I'm so sorry your voice is back. I hope your therapist can help you with that & everything else. I'm doing ok at the moment. Thank you so much for being such a good friend. God bless you, dear friend!!"
174359828,"Within my experience, there is a lot of smoke and mirrors, as to why else would gaslighting and smear campaigns are utilized in the first place if you can read through the psychological deception upon an unwitting victim, and study the various stages we all go through as being nonconsensually trafficked within this program. You would see the obvious crimes being committed upon us in hidden converted ways. A bit like very real modern issues like Revenge Porn, Molka, Doxxing, and Gang Stalking. Some of the red flags would be the first one of Betrayal by friends and family members, girlfriends, and work colleagues. This produces isolation and a lack of point of reference within your interpersonal outlook, hence the use of gaslighting which is a minor brainwashing technique. Then the transmitting voices slowly creep into your awareness. As well as the set up's like workplace mobbing, rumor campaigns like 'oh he's a druggy oh he's a nuisance' or given the nature of social media far worst, may be used in 
secret to discredit or target the intended victim of this program, remember they always remain in amongst the shadows the instigators of these actual real crimes. You could compare aspects of their attack to sexual trafficking rings like pedophilia and Cyber Abuse like Molka in South Korea. Once the victim or the suffers has been successfully ostracized for the community they then are subjected to the Mind Games and harassment stints or what's known as Mobbing Ritual Abuse. This is also common within SRA or Satanic Ritual Abuse, of which hearing voices and Thought (Subvocalisation Broadcasting) is a part of, this is what most outsides or ignorant people will term Schizophrenia."
175869347,"Let me start simple. 9 year USMC vet diagnosed with SPD in 2012. Separated in 2016. Working as a cable guy in _NAME_. Deal with people 10 hrs a day 4 days a week. I put on my"" happy and engaged "" face and by the time I get home I am exhausted. Even though the work isint physically hard pretending to care about people all day is draining. Does anyone else deal with this or have thoughts/opinions on this matter? Feel free to ask anything I am happy to elaborate as much as desired."
175869348,I agree 100% lol
175869349,Are there peer support communities that mentor people with mental illness? Do they have peer lead live group chats?
175869350,"I would suggest that you talk to your mental health provider. Don't be afraid to ask question. There is never a stupid question. I have been on everything from A-Z, literally. Try to research as much as you can. There are side effects even from Tylenol. Be vigulent, pro- active. You are already asking the right questions. Best of luck!"
175869351,Updated Please think about the implications of what you post before posting rather than afterwards due to the fact that posts will not be edited and deleted.
175869352,"You know, for just a few hundred dollars we could make this guy disappear LOL Just kidding…"
175869354,My sleep quality was 87 which is much better than the 40’s to 50 I was getting Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175869355,I managed to go without Xanax yesterday but I keep having the urge to take one if I need to go outside to do food shopping for example.
175869356,"Unfortunately, this section of the forum is quite dead for the most part, and I don't have a thorough enough understanding of these disorders to confidently contribute an answer."
175869357,Should i be worried. What do you think.
175869358,just have a look at the news feels like a war is going to pop up all over the place wish you well…
175869359,anyway playing around with an axis is one of my favorite things to do despite not being very smart.
175869360,"yes, I do my own bangs too, I like to keep them out of the way."
175869361,"Hi all, Much thanks for all your helpful advice. What do you guys make of this below: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0_PHONE_NO_ I think that's what's happening with me (the article). Lighting up the odd cigarette helps momentarily with my racing heart.Post Edited (_USER_ID_) : 5/10/2021 12:51:24 AM (GMT-6) More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175869362,AHHhahahhahaHhahh!!! It’s a phonebook!!! (Millennials can’t believe we actually used to use this thing)
175869363,"If I suffered with depression I would rather microdose with magic mushrooms than take opioids any day of the week. Anecdotally, I took opium once and dissociated for a day, not knowing what on earth happened. I took magic mushrooms and laughed constantly. There is a lot of research being carried out with mushrooms for depression atm."
175869364,"Going back to your GP for a referal to a psychiatrist is a good idea; same with being forthright. Maybe the shrink can refer you to a qualified therapist. I'd suggest not getting lost in labels, but rather focus on the issues at hand. Often when you're interviewed by doctors or psychiatrists, you will discredit yourself by trying to label yourself. Stick with describing your symptoms from observable fact and examples in your life unless you're describing your feelings. ^ For instance, when saying ""I constantly feel threatened"" it could mean you're just saying you're insecure around others. A lot of people feel threatened and anxious as a result. GAD is being in a state of constant stress which is the body feeling constantly threatened. Yet, it would be a very different picture if you said ""I constantly feel threatened. Whenever I go anywhere, I perceive everyone's body language as aggressive like they're trying to intimidate or ready to strike me - even the cashier at the grocery store"" That wo
uld hit upon paranoia, and a description of it, is more likely to be taken seriously than trying to use labels."
175869365,Newsbook – 12 May 21 Cannabis use associated with depression and schizophrenia – Medical Council The Medical Council Malta has joined the ever-growing list of professional bodies proving with credible research the serious negative effects of the use of cannabis and criticising Government’s proposal to legalise the drug. Est. reading time: 2 minutes
175869366,"Yeah, that’s something for your psychiatrist to decide. That being said, it’s not hard to switch between injection and pill without withdrawal because the injection takes awhile to work it’s way out of your system. I switched very smoothly from invega injection to Abilify pills."
175869367,"no, I just feel like crap today. thats all."
175869368,"I have some problems, but ok."
175869369,"I've had similar experiences with night mares and bad dreams. However nothing where reality is worse. I do suffer from depression and sometimes I don't want to get up and I do go back to sleep, I'm sorry that you have to go through this. Have you thought about or do you already have a therapist you can talk to or maybe you can notify your Dr about how you are feeling. I will be praying for you."
175869370,Hi I’m not sure there is anyone in this forum with BPD but agree that doing a Google search to see if you can find a support group is a good idea. I have a friend who has BPD Hibee More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
175869371,"Parade: Entertainment, Recipes, Health, Life, Holidays – 11 May 21 How I'm Living a Rich, Full Life After Being Diagnosed with Schizoaffective... _NAME_ is a mom, a peer counselor, a taxpayer, athlete, neighbor, mother, and friend. She considers herself a friendly person, a self-identity that she’s had for a long time. “I’ve always been a go-getter, very self-motivated, easy to get along..."
175869372,"Cool side effect: loss of appetite/weight loss webmd.com Strattera Oral: Uses, Side Effects, Interactions, Pictures, Warnings &... Find patient medical information for Strattera oral on WebMD including its uses, side effects and safety, interactions, pictures, warnings and user ratings."
174360875,"I have a flat expression effect on my face. A lady said she is good at reading peoples faces but can't read mine. Also I get wide eyes at times. I have ""crazy"" eyes. I think this puts a barrier between me and other people when I try to make friends or meet people, they just think I am weird I guess. Is there anything I can take or do to combat the wide eyes and flat affect?"
175869373,"I am in the second year of a university three year programme. I have just failed a module which means I have to retake the module during a makeup period or take it again in the next academic year. I am also currently very certain I will be offered a sales job (retail brand promotions) either two day offer or a five day offer. The income would work out to be 18k for the second role, the hours for both are long. I no longer have confidence I can continue pursuing education. I feel the intellectual barriers created since I developed psychosis is holding me back from reaching the level of analytical mind required to demonstrate ability. I don’t know what to do anymore. I wanted to specialise with economics and start consulting work in order to fund an import/export company. Now I am completely incapable of getting this degree though. Much less any more further studies Part of me says, you have schizophrenia and there is not point trying anymore. It says that you will only relapse at some point , rega
rdless of where the pressure comes from. I DO NOT want to be held by this diagnosis though. I was a bright young person. I still show fragments of capability in terms of thinking ability and functioning in problem solving. My social skills lack. But that’s not because of not inability. It is only because I don’t have enough friendships to cultivate good working social skills to use in employment I don’t know what to do anymore. The crossroad is to give up my plan of financial services and settle for retail sales and marketing. Forgetting I am liable to psychotic breaks. What can I really do? Universities do not consider schizophrenia as a reason to not pass assignments and exams. They expect you either pass or fail depending on effort and that leaves me to be treated by others as a failure who keeps trying but only fails. I regularly dose on modafinil and caffeine to function and it works for me, I don’t see myself progressing pay brackets if I take the sales role though and that is depressing me."
175869374,Anyone ever get an answer to this? More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety
175869375,"Done deal!! This is _PERSON_, AKA Fathead. She’s been a loyal and faithful companion 20210511_2259182448×3264 852 KB 20210511_2259132448×3264 850 KB"
175869376,"Copy of a short note I sent to the Blue Knot Foundation the other day. Our premiere survivor _PERSON_ here, with Helpline services, they run courses, have a newsletter and more. It was a sudden inspiration and so I sent it off for consideration. They may not like the bits questioning PDoc though.. -- Hi Family. A post of mine about Bipolar and Childhood Trauma. Hope it can fill a 1/4 column somewhere. Take Care, fight the Good Fight, and rescue the Children who Grew Too Soon... _NAME_. -- I am sure I mentioned that as many as 50% of manic depressives suffered ONE form of child abuse or more. I have been thinking the Mood Swings were being taught me back there, and blossomed, if that is the right word. From elation (at the most minor of Pleasant Experiences or Memories, and HOW we Treasure THOSE up for later) to horror, or numb periods of blocking it all out (The NORMAL persona). So that is why I disagree with my PDOC, that BPAD is ""Purely a seratonin imbalance"", no psych aspect to it. Gimme serot
onin then and everything will be peachy! Hasn’t happened. Some P-Docs don't beleive in Disscociative Identity Disorder either... I'd like to share some of my *Little* Letters with some of those. Parts of Friends I met, who liked to be heard. Your D"
175869377,Well I thank you _AT_MENTION_ I will have to try to survive week-end … Just got off phone with Primary care on call they cannot send any med to pharmacy on weekend due to system for that shut down… I’m gonna try going to E.R later … I just hope they don’t put me in mental hospital because it about an hour away from where I live…
175869378,"Soon, they will capture you and force antipsychotic injections on you or zap your brain with ect if you continue on without seeking help muahhahaha xD"
175869379,"I was in this position in my second year of study on a three year programme In the end I pushed through and completed it Well worth the effort You’re articulate in your post. You’ll do just fine - don’t worry yourself I failed a module, and if I hadn’t my grade would have been first class at the end for History It sucks, but just move past this and not let it taint your whole experience You wouldn’t learn anything if you only passed stuff all the time and had no setbacks Life is not perfect."
175869380,"Yep and your adorable just as you are for sure! Love ya, _PERSON_"
175869381,"thank goodness for edits. That’s right, sounds much better hahaha asking God for a set of tires makes you his friend. Although S/he probably won’t."
175869382,fine _AT_MENTION_. I’m responding well to the hemp regiment. No symptoms of anxiety. More social acumen and confidence. I hope it continues. I hope you as well as well
175869384,"Ask _AT_MENTION_ ,hes on it…"
175869385,"The _NAME_ Republic 'Housing is health care': It's 30% cheaper to provide housing to people with... Metro _NAME_ could save millions in taxpayer money per year by providing supportive housing to people with chronic mental illnesses, a report finds."
175869386,Might have to talk to doc. I don’t have much experience with sleep aids. Only ever taken them once or twice. Made me feel groggy in the morning.
175869387,"Good to hear! I am doing pretty well these days. I was able to work about 4-5 hours the past few days for my job, an accomplishment I'm really proud of. I am hoping to be able to work more this week."
175869388,art therapy was really hard for me as it felt forced… i like working on music though when i am able to focus…
175869389,"Researchers used genetic engineering tools to create a virus that can enter specific neurons and insert into the prefrontal cortex a new genetic code that induces the production of modified proteins. In tests with mice, the alteration of these proteins was sufficient to modify brain activity, indicating a potential biomarker for the diagnosis of psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia and autism. This is very important research,because it is built on a correct idea that is corresponding with the actual nature of the condition be called schizophrenia . Whereas the thing be called Hallucination is actives and behaves like a virus (a psychic parasite),but it has not an organic body,cell structure,chemical composition or even specific genetic material ,therefore the diagnosis of the hallucination by the common lab tools is very hard In reality,the hallucination as a higher psychic parasite does not exist inside the neuron cell (does not living inside the unconsciousness state ) and does not working 
inside it (has not any role in the cell who is responsible to create the self-thoughts ),instead of all of that it is exists and behaves outside the neuron cell as a parasitic transmitter that repeating the self-thoughts vocally for sake to inter the cell who is responsible to storing the mind’s feedback of each self-thought be understood ,and during the printing of the mind’s feedback the hallucination changing the concept of the self-thoughts to make the data’s concept outside the reality ( the objective right /wrong ) The tactic be used by hallucination,who to using the self-thoughts material of the host,his metal processes and the mental chemistry to achieve your malicious goals in the self-knowledge of the human host Without inducing any single disorder during the modification of the personal thoughts concept"
175869390,I hope your day gets better! _AT_MENTION_
175869391,telepathy and manipulation could be like necessary challenges to adjust to as humans develop increasing extra sensory perception esp like existence sentient perception. if existence could be sentient then it could be like fluid entanglement where particles could be split by discrimination rather than by positive and negative. it could potentially adjust polarity at it's convenience creating consequential influence. like existence thinking to itself as it develops comfort zones.
174361261,"First and foremost you must remember, there is nothing that you are thinking and or hearing that has not come from your brain. Every voice, every thought, all of your beliefs, is from you, now I know how easily it is to fall into the belief of what you are thinking is really something else, after all it is your brain telling you what is what, ask your self who would off someone for not paying rent, kick them to the curb maybe, unless your renting from _PERSON_ and even he would most likely just boot ya. I had this buddy that believed the cops were tailing him and where set-up on the roof across the street from his house, we started talking and I asked him if this were true just think of the cost of having to pay all of them cops plus equipment they would need, we are talking hundreds of thousands of dollars then I asked him ""who the hell are you that the law would spend that kind of $ and for what "" and when he really thought about it he had to agree he was no mastermind bent on a world takeover. 
so question everything, hope this helps."
175869392,Congratulations!
175869393,"Interesting thread, thank you for sharing your experiences. I see shapes, usually in my mind, but also sometimes visually out in the world. When I am stressed, agitated, or in distress, my mind morphs and morphs a shape until it arrives at an arrangement that provides me comfort. They also show up in my dreams, where they are loaded with the meaning that the sculptures are conveying the secrets of the universe to me. I am also really sensitive to built environments and spatial things, and sometimes get so agitated by a building's interface and/or ""feel"" that I can't interact with it and have to leave. I count myself as lucky that the shapes that come from my own mind are never negative. The negative part comes when my mind is morphing and morphing and no shape comes, usually because I am beyond distraught emotionally. And it is a negative experience when I try to manifest the shapes as a sketch, via clay, or with objects. I've always been a dabbling lay crafter/artist, but the older I get I am to
o critical of myself to usually begin, let alone make anything. At the point now where it's so brutal I don't even engage artistically irl. Current task is to work in therapy on my recently-diagnosed STPD and BPD, which I hope helps integrate me & my experiences. My hope is that I will learn how to address my inner criticisms & resistance to myself, for lots of life-affirming reasons. Maybe as an additional benefit I might finally be able to manifest some sketches or simple sculptures. We'll see how things go. _AT_MENTION_, it's so good to hear the progress you've made -- gives me hope."
175869394,"_AT_MENTION_ It’s 20 MINUTES away, not 20 MILES away. And it’s above $15/hr. I want both something to do and to get out of the house, and I’ll be making more money than on disability."
175869395,"hi mykayyla, no problem that you didn't understand my posts, my ideas make more sense to me than the mainstream but i don't expect others to think the same. no need to be paranoid i wish you well. in simpler terms it's about coming to terms with having what you do and think manipulated and then trying to trace the root of it and the limitations that come with it."
175869396,"the two nearest hospital dont help me any because the have no mental health training or support people. and it almost 5 am i dont wish to freak out my gal heading over to the hospital, or wake her son up because he has to wake in 10 minutes head to work… lets just say i have no help without freaking people out."
175869397,"I had a blog in mind, but then realized that it is World Bipolar Day. We could all feel sorry for ourselves (which at times seems necessary) or we could talk about how we are Beautifully Bipolar. I was diagnosed in my late twenties. Looking back my family thinks it was sooner than that and I suspect they are right. Before the diagnoses I was a series of symptoms. I know I dealt with depression since at least junior high, and maybe it has been a bit worse every time. I do not know. BUT, the diagnosis came and it saved me. They say a lot of us are diagnosed in our early twenties, but it can come at any age – younger and older. Often times we bumble along without a name to our mood disorder. Once the psychiatrist puts it all together, all your symptoms, he or she can accurately identify your disorder. Bipolar Disorder https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/03/30/world-bipolar-disorder-day/"
175869398,I'm with you friend. I tend to over exaggerate things. Its good to talk to a fellow member! Lets work on it together More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet
175869399,"What a beautiful way of expressing. I enjoy how so many people on this website have different perspectives, experiences and personas. In my mind, I think there's usually a way to get away from the human form of demons (even if extremes were to be necessary) - whilst the ethereal ones, seem to be more preventable than escapable *As an after thought, I may have to rethink my opinion. Cases like in an institution, in childhood, if incarcerated, kidnapped, held hostage, in some relationships could be just as inescapable (at least without extremes). The ethereal ones can torment you, yet never really inflict pain."
175869400,"I self love by giving myself whatever I want that’s within my range of affordability. Luckily, I’m a low maintenance woman."
175869401,What to Do When Your Therapist's Office Is Closed... Now more than ever you may need to speak with your therapist. But orders from most state governors have you stuck inside. What can you do in this situation? Read more here: (https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/03/my-therapists-office-is-closed-now-what-do-i-do/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=11ff05e153-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01&utm_...)
175869402,"Part 2 Now I want to tell you about the symptoms that schizoaffective disorder shares with schizophrenia – the disorders in thought.... I find this difficult. It seems I haven’t ever written much, publicly anyway, about what it’s like to be schizoid. I think right now will be the first time I have written about it at any length. I have found it difficult to communicate my experience as compellingly as I had set out to do. It’s taken some time to understand why. The problem I have is that it is dangerous for me to have the kind of experience that would allow me to write vividly about my illness. I have found in the past that to experience memories of my symptoms with too much clarity causes me to experience the actual symptoms again. It can happen that simply reflecting on my past in a deep way can bring about the insanity. This happened once during a time when I was corresponding regularly with a bipolar friend, and when I told her what it was like to really remember, she very anxiously ple
aded with me to stop, let go and forget lest I be drawn into the darkness again. After some reflection I realize that the danger is in remembering the feelings I have had when I’ve been symptomatic. There is no problem with recalling the events, looking at old photos from the time, or reading what I wrote when I was wigging. What is dangerous is remembering the feelings by actually feeling them again. Remembering that I felt afraid is OK, what is not is to actually feel the same fear I once felt. To write the best I could hope to I would have to recall the actual feelings again, and I think it is best I not do that. For that reason I have found it necessary to approach this topic with a certain protective detachment that has resulted in the clinical tone my article has so far. I hope you can forgive me for it. I’m finding it a little more difficult to stay so detached as I write about being schizoid. Maybe I will be able to write more effectively here but just between you and me I find the experience more 
than a little frightening. For a long time I have found it easy to admit to being manic depressive. I do it casually sometimes, even flippantly. Even before I decided to go public with my illness I was comfortable telling trusted friends that I was manic depressive. But I have always been much more reluctant to own up to actually being schizoaffective. What I said before, that I describe my illness as I do because no one understands schizoaffective disorder, is only part of the truth. The full truth is that even now, after so many years, I still find it hard to face the part of myself that is schizophrenic. Read more here: https://psychcentral.com/lib/living-with-schizoaffective-disorder-part-2/?li_source=LI&li_medium=popular17"
175869403,"Thank _NAME_, Unfortunately she doesn’t have a doctor because, of course, she doesn’t believe that she needs one and she refuses to see a doctor. She also has some paranoia about doctors."
175869404,Of course he knows it. I dont understand what you say
175869405,"I've been down & up. I enjoyed watching tv earlier today, which brought my spirits up. Distraction helps me sometimes when I'm not even expecting that. I'm doing ok at the moment."
175869406,Not scared psycho
175869407,So glad they’re increasing your dose. I’m still surprised you were able to get any benefit at all from such a low dose.
175869408,"Yes, I’m diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia…"
175869409,"Its cause by enviromental, genetics and past abuse and trauma, i been sexual abuse and manipulated. And verbally abuse. This why was im so F@ck up in the head."
175869410,Looks great. Nice textures.
175869411,"Difficulties, but feeling hope."
175869412,Indians used to say don’t look into the eye or you’re still their soul away I guess it’s the images we see today are captured Souls we see to pray
175869413,Thank you for the Welcome! I look forward to connecting to others.Have a great weekend all.
175869414,I’m ok............ Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175869415,Wooo! Chaos! Anarchy!
175869416,"Hi sky17, my daughter is experiencing the same things as you are with the same disorder. She is 25 and I believe that stress from college, financial situations, and traumatic events that have occurred throughout her life have triggered her symptoms to where she had to be hospitalized earlier this year. Minimizing stress, taking your meds, and on-going therapy are great starts to keeping your mental health in check."
175869417,"Hi _PERSON_! My name is _NAME_ and I got my BPD diagnosis a couple years ago. I'm also looking for support, its such a hard thing to deal with alone. Maybe we can connect!"
175869418,Interesting! Food for thought
175869419,"I know that life can be really difficult, especially if you’re struggling with mental illness. Regardless of which mental illness you have, there are some things I really want you to know, from me to you. You might have heard them before (I hope you have), but just in case you haven’t and this can help someone, I want to say them. 1. You are so strong and amazing If you live in spite of mental illness, then you are amazingly strong. You are surviving in spite of something that is trying to tear you down, and that is impressive and admirable. You deserve to celebrate that. You deserve to know that somebody else understands just how strong you are to keep going in spite of everything you battle each day. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2020/02/8-things-i-want-you-to-know-if-youre-a-mental-health-warrior/"
175869420,"I have ceased to bother explaining myself: ""A Viking never apologizes. A Viking never explains."". Not a Viking by any genealogical stretch"
175869421,Can I change my tagline to “I am made and remade continually.” ? Thank you! _NAME_-2Ts5HnA67k8-unsplash5092×3395 2.77 MB
175869422,"Causes of Bipolar Disorder By _NAME_, Ph.D. The cause of bipolar disorder is not entirely known. Genetic, neurochemical, and environmental factors probably interact at many different levels to play a role in the onset and progression of bipolar disorder. The current thinking is that this is a predominantly neurobiological disorder that occurs in a specific part of the brain and is due to a malfunction of certain brain chemicals (that occur both in the brain and the body). Three specific brain chemicals have been implicated — serotonin, dopamine, and noradrenaline. As a neurobiological disorder, it may lie dormant and be activated spontaneously or it may be triggered by stressors in life. Although no one is quite sure about the exact causes of bipolar disorder, researchers have found these important clues: Genetic Factors in Bipolar Disorder Because it appears bipolar disorder can run in families, there appears to be at least some kind of genetic factors at play. About half the people with bipolar 
disorder have a family member with a mood disorder, such as depression. If one parent has bipolar disorder, there is a 10 to 15 percent greater chance of their child developing this condition. The risk in a child jumps to a 30 to 40 percent chance if both parents have bipolar disorder. Research conducted on identical twins shows that if one twin is diagnosed with bipolar disorder, it ups the risk between 40 and 70 percent for the other twin to also be diagnosed. Studies of adopted twins (where a child whose biological parent had the illness and is raised in an adoptive family untouched by the illness) has helped researchers learn more about the genetic causes versus environmental and life events causes. While all of this data is intriguing, it is not conclusive of bipolar disorder’s genetic roots. More research is needed to better understand the genetic factors at play for this condition. Neurochemical Factors in Bipolar Disorder Bipolar disorder is primarily a biological disorder that occurs in a specific 
area of the brain and is due to the dysfunction of certain neurotransmitters, or chemical messengers, in the brain. These chemicals may involve neurotransmitters like norepinephrine, serotonin, and probably many others. As a biological disorder, it may lie dormant and be activated on its own, or it may be triggered by external factors such as psychological stress and social circumstances. Environmental Factors in Bipolar Disorder A life event may trigger a mood episode in a person with a genetic disposition for bipolar disorder. Even without clear genetic factors, altered health habits, alcohol or drug abuse, or hormonal problems can trigger an episode. Among those at risk for the illness, bipolar disorder is appearing at increasingly early ages. This apparent increase in earlier occurrences may be due to under-diagnosis of the disorder in the past. This change in the age of onset may be a result of social and environmental factors that are not yet understood. Although substance abuse is not considered a caus
e of bipolar disorder, it can worsen the illness by interfering with recovery. Use of alcohol, drugs, or tranquilizers may induce a more severe depressive phase. What is Medication-Triggered Mania? Medications such as antidepressants can trigger a manic episode in people who are susceptible to bipolar disorder. Therefore, a depressive episode must be treated carefully in those people who have had manic episodes. Because a depressive episode can turn into a manic episode when an antidepressant medication is taken, an anti-manic drug is also recommended to prevent a manic episode. The anti-manic drug creates a “ceiling,” partially protecting the person from antidepressant-induced mania. Certain other medications can produce a “high” that resembles mania. Appetite suppressants, for example, may trigger increased energy, decreased need for sleep, and increased talkativeness. After stopping the medication, however, the person returns to his normal mood. Substances that can cause a manic-like episode includ
e: Illicit drugs such as cocaine, “designer drugs” such as Ecstasy and amphetamines. Excessive doses of certain over-the-counter drugs, including appetite suppressants and cold preparations. Nonpsychiatric medications, such as medicine for thyroid problems and corticosteroids like prednisone. Excessive caffeine (moderate amounts of caffeine are fine). If a person is vulnerable to bipolar disorder, stress, frequent use of stimulants or alcohol, and lack of sleep may prompt onset of the disorder. Certain medications also may set off a depressive or manic episode. If you have a family history of bipolar disorder, notify your physician so as to help avoid the risk of a medication-induced manic episode. Article first appeared in https://psycentral.com 2016"
175869423,Having this feeling again something is bad is going to happen to me today or the coming future i dont know why but i have this horrible feeling i really dont like it.
175869424,"Yuck, 2 more days awake. Hopefully you will get tired enough to sleep before then. Good luck."
175869425,"Hello All, New to the anxiety forums here. I posted in the fibro forum as I have these heavy or weak sensations of my left arm and leg. Its like those muscles tire out much faster than I would like it to (at least compared to my right). I also have this kind of shakiness when I move. I also have twitches (initially it was crazy but it has since died down to a few times a day). My anxiety levels are sky high but I just don't know if these symptoms can be correlated to anxiety. I went to a neurologist, performed a brain and neck scan with no abnormalities, motor examination is all ok. Haven't done any other tests since and he told me to return to him in 2-3 months time. I would love to think that this is all in my head. The heavy and weak feeling is stuck in my head all the time and I always think about the worst fatal diseases. Can anyone relate? At your request I made a title for your post.Post Edited By Moderator (_USER_ID_) : 5/7/2021 10:46:19 PM (GMT-6)"
175869426,Oh no! I'm so sorry. How are things today? I hope you are doing better. I'm sending positive vibes your way.
175869427,_PERSON_ for sharing this sun. It's a great article. It could help those with loved ones and friends that just don't understand Bipolar. All I ever asked my family to just learn about it so that they could understand why my behavior was so erratic at times. That they would be able to know what to do when I'm deeply imbedded in a depressive episode. They chose to just ignore whatever was wrong with me. To this day they all just look at me like I'm crazy or something. God forbid they should ask how I've been. I'm gonna tell them the truth that they don't want to hear. It breaks my heart and it hurts. Again ty for this. I saved it to my homepage for my friends who do support and love me. Blessings
175869428,Thank you so much for sharing this. I totally understand and I would love to chat with just you sometime. I know it would help me to talk to someone who gets me. Maybe it can help you too.
175869429,Sounds like the negative symptoms of schizophrenia to me. I have the same except the “family seem acquaintances” one.
175869430,"I am not sure why, but I have been thinking about everything that I have lived through. I wonder during such thinking if I need to share it all with my caseworker, but she wont probably be my caseworker for very long. I think i just need more mental help, but not sure what is fully wrong with me mind. then i go back to thinking about everything in my past and wonder if any of it matters."
174362699,"Recently I have deduced what orthodox clinicians would reject, but my voices have in the past month or more, failed to repudiate or reject. This seems to be a first for them, with the repugnant hatred and indifference that leads them to hate crimes resulting in multiple *mod _USER_ID_*, given their expertise. They (he) said, and I know this mans name, ""*mod _USER_ID_*, I *mod _USER_ID_* (presided over) a young man last night. He was being berated, and hated as usual, and he was in tears when he undertook to *mod _USER_ID_*. He was crying solidly as he died, falling asleep eventually for the last time"". (I have had to paraphrase this quote. I can't quite remember *exactly* what words he used). I cannot accurately recall the request he (the voices) made of me, but I recall the import of his request, so I say this. And as usual, this is absolutely implausible and entirely impossible to anyone that does not have schizophrenia, rejected by clinicians, but obviously correct to those that live with the 
experience of hearing voices. I have deduced that the voices are humans, but/and they are humans that have a syphilitic type infection - Parent disease: Sexually transmitted infection - causes: Treponema pallidum. In addition to this, they have a personality type the responds affirmatively to cruelty, peer (not group) pressure, pseudo narcissism, and the common human need for distinguishment by elevated self appraisal. However, what happens that leads these people to become perpetrators, is that they live and believe they thrive, in circumstances that they find unexpected and refuted. Their loyalty as bretheren makes them unprepared, and in denial, when confronted with the realisation (and especially coming from me), that they are subject to the same infractions that they use to hate and hurt innocent schizophrenics. But rather than imposing (perpetrating) the acts and simultaneous omissions that cause shaking, crying, terror, hate crimes, twitching, sweating, agony, hot flushes, rimming and so on and so on, 
their bretheren allies 'zone' them on the sly through similar acts of betrayal that they commit to schizophrenics. Their temporary group members (temporary cohorts of bretheren), 'zone' them with whatever it is they do to schizophrenics, 'zone' them with things that cause hatred, violence, violation, enmity, anger, indifference, and other effects that result in them enacting the most savage and vicious behaviour against schizophrenic victim. They do not realise, or as I have found, even suspect, that the larger proportion of their essentially criminal acts that they perform against their schizophrenic victims, are due to the fact that their 'friend' has 'zoned' them through what they call ""a secret communication channel"" and done a deed to their brain that makes then act the way they do. It is just like what the movies and press say about being in the mafia. You do these petty criminal sh&^ like rob someone, or rip off the contents of a truck to begin with. But then in time you have to wack someone. So you 
end up *mod _USER_ID_*. And it crosses your mind that some day, unless you continue to do the crimes demanded of you, you might get wacked yourself. But like in the military, the human condition leads you to live in the ongoing moment that it will not happen to you. But these people, who are as thick as thieves, go along forcing their schizophrenic victims *mod _USER_ID_*, or not, know they can not get caught (in the legal sense of the word), and often end up proud of their ability to mutilate both psychologically, psychiatrically, and physically, their victims, never expecting or realising, that their prowess and activities, are to a greater or lesser extent, due to the fact that they are being acted against in a same but different way."
175869431,"they also moved the quinoa at the grocery store, and now i don’t know where it is either. i should have gone to college to study management so i would understand how the world works haha."
175869432,"I’d encourage you to stay in school and take another whack at it. I’ve done sales before, and if you ain’t selling, you ain’t eating. Sales sucks. Some people are natural salesmen, but I don’t think I’ve ever met a schizophrenic who would do well at sales. Stay in school, and if you have to repeat classes, so be it. The upside is every time you take it and get a higher grade, that’s your permanent grade."
175869433,"The voices just improved, went from horrendous to good.. so it's a nice change I've been trying to get medicine to work better , but I dont know if it's a thought thing involving thoughts and the way you think or if the medicine simply isnt working."
175869434,Many with SZ disorders suffer from depression. There is a lot of new research targeting the opioid receptors in the brain to alleviate depressive symptoms. The problem now is to construct a drug that doesn’t have problems with dependency and overdose. Beware - self medication with opoids is very dangerous and can lead to addiction. A Quote: “The United States is in the midst of an opioid addiction and overdose crisis precipitated and exacerbated by use of prescription opioid medicines. The majority of opioid prescriptions are dispensed to patients with comorbid mood disorders including major depressive disorder (MDD). A growing body of research indicates that the endogenous opioid system is directly involved in the regulation of mood and is dysregulated in MDD” https://www.nature.com/articles/s41380-018-0117-2
175869435,So it's now 3 weeks and a day since the major blow out. This past week packing pretty much ended and nothing has left the house. He remains silent. It does feel like manipulation for sure. I have been reading a lot about stonewalling/silent treatment to pass the time. It is really hard to tell if he is being malicious. I lean more to him being overloaded and this being a coping mechanism. The other thing I am starting to think now that's it week 3 is has he made it hard for himself to get out of it. I mean how does he chose when to speak again when to call over. From what I'm reading people definitely go weeks often but if he gets to months that will be more unusual. I read a few cases of a year of silence and one crazy story of a woman who lived 40 years of marriage like this. At this point since he has taken 3 to 4 months to cool off after arguments before we lived together I'll stick it out a bit longer. I have still stayed calm and not provoked. It is starting to feel like a battle of wills.
175869436,I want to change my username to my real name but the admin thought this one was better.
174363202,"I’ve tried clozapine in the evening, but the voices come back. The next step of action in my treatment is to take a antidepressant along with a lower dose of clozapine. This antidepressant makes clozapine metabolize slower thus allowing a smaller dose so I can wake up early. That’s the idea behind it anyhow."
175869437,"Yes, i give them time. Meanwhile i meditate. But i can’t relax"
174363394,Hi. I’m diagnosed with schizoaffective also . The road has been pretty rough. Be sure to reality check with others and take your meds.
175869438,"Nice, keep it up!"
175869439,"Turning Out the Lights on Mania By _PERSON_, M.D. Heading into Daylight Savings Time here in the Northeast, we are facing the darker, shorter days of winter. For many people that also means a dip in mood. And for a sub-group of those folks, the loss of daylight hours can trigger a depressive episode, which goes beyond a sad mood to include symptoms such as low energy, impaired concentration, trouble enjoying things, and hopelessness. This is referred to as Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD). Shining a Light on Depression In addition to therapy and antidepressants, we also use “light therapy” to treat and manage seasonal depression. This means sitting in front of a specialized light box, usually for 30 minutes in the mornings, starting in September and continuing into the Spring. Light therapy provides significant relief for people who live with SAD — especially when it works to prevent the onset of an episode. Light therapy works by re-setting people’s circadian rhythms — our 24-hour inter
nal clocks that respond to light and dark in the environment. The clock is triggered when receptor cells in the back of the eye send light/dark signals to the brain, which then sets off cascades of responses that drive our sleep/wake cycles and energy variations through the day. People living with depression or bipolar disorder typically experience powerful disruptions to their circadian rhythms. During a depressive episode people often have a terrible time getting to sleep at night and staying awake during the day. Energy is set to low all the time. In bipolar disorder, during a manic episode, the energy is set to high at all times. During a manic episode, they feel no need to sleep — they just keep going like the Energizer Bunny. Helping someone with mania get some sleep is a key step to shutting down the over-charged mood cycle. Signaling the Brain to Sleep Knowing the benefits of light therapy on depression, researchers have wondered whether “dark therapy” could calm mania. Could mimicking darkness 
help someone in a manic episode get better sleep, which would reduce their manic symptoms? In 2005, a researcher studied the effect of 14 hours of darkness per day on patients in the hospital with mania. The results were dramatically positive — sleep was much better compared to a control group. However, enforcing 14 hours per day of darkness was clearly not tolerable for patients. To read more, click https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar/2020/11/turning-out-the-lights-on-mania-dark-therapy/"
175869440,Im not gonna be anyone else but myself what’s that supposed to mean u see me>
175869441,"Upon being in quarantine, I find myself getting more into mystery cases having to do with people who also want to run away due to paranoia over the government or family and also disappearing forever. This act has really caught my eye. I have been interested in the concept of a potential double life for my own entertainment. I was able to achieve this at one point in my life but decided to end the other life. And the act of disappearing and potentially taking on a new identity is even more interesting to me. I also have plotted running away from my home prior to all this. I think there is an act of illusion involved in this, a lot of careful planning to be successful. I'm probably not going to do it(?) but the contemplation..The desire..It stems deep. It is the essential act of running away from people who are in my life. Ever since I could remember I would want to disappear from others. Whether to imagine the questions of people inquiring where i went or to hide from the world it is something i des
ired. I would hide in the shed of my grandma's house during holiday gatherings even as young as elementary school. I would daydream about the situation of fading away. And now that i am older, the situation is i simply want to be left to my own devices and to have all eyes turned away. They were looking at me sometimes...But the eyes must turn to their own selves and leave me to my own accord."
175869442,"Overview Schizoaffective disorder is a mental health disorder that is marked by a combination of schizophrenia symptoms, such as hallucinations or delusions, and mood disorder symptoms, such as depression or mania. The two types of schizoaffective disorder — both of which include some symptoms of schizophrenia — are: Bipolar type, which includes episodes of mania and sometimes major depression Depressive type, which includes only major depressive episodes Schizoaffective disorder may run a unique course in each affected person. Untreated schizoaffective disorder may lead to problems functioning at work, at school and in social situations, causing loneliness and trouble holding down a job or attending school. People with schizoaffective disorder may need assistance and support with daily functioning. Treatment can help manage symptoms and improve quality of life. https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/schizoaffective-disorder/symptoms-causes/syc-_PHONE_NO_ love and hugs - sun"
175869443,"Hello everyone happy Friday. What a sad day to share with you all. I lost my great Aunt last week. She was diagnosed with depression. she was unconscious for 15 days with (NPO) Nothing by Mouth. I used to talk and shared things with her. while she was talking to me, she always talks about back home and about people who already passed away. I heard from her son that his maternal grandmother had depression too. Can depression be genetic? How can it affect our normal life?"
175869444,I get my first next week.
175869445,Thanks for the reply! I definitely have an artistic side although I can never stay focused on a single medium since I have such a desire for learning about everything (and mastering just about nothing haha) and I have also felt in the past that I think in a different way from other people. Right now I'm on 300mg wellbutrin in the morning and 75mg seroquel at night. Those are mostly to treat my depression and the anxiety is more of a secondary issue. I just came on here to get advice from people like yourself who have more experience dealing with this kind of thing. It's also honestly so nice to hear that someone feels the same way. I mean I never figured that I was the only person who experienced these things but it just feels nice to talk to someone since for the most part even my good friends struggle to understand me (although they try their best). I guess what I really need to work on is distancing myself. I need to get to a place where I feel comfortable doing that since right now I just always 
get the sense that I'm leaving someone behind who needs help. Exercise has also been a big help for me especially with depression. Honestly my problems right now are extremely small compared to the past and I greatly enjoy my life but I'm always trying to improve myself and become a better version of myself.
175869446,"My Religion is called phosphenism not to be confused with phosphenism Involves the conductivity of energies associated with my body and what I hear and see. I'm never telepathic , and my thoughts or sounds of my thoughts or data that represents my thoughts are never to be broadcasted . I dont want to hear the sounds of my thoughts , no other person (undergoing the same circumstances as me Example: Schizophrenia , Telepathy , Thought Broadcasting and variations of this) can hear the sounds of my thoughts or data that represents my thoughts . What my religion focuses on is the relief from telepathy , and thought broadcasting and the volume of sounds and voices that I hear. I would like to be able to practice my religion without any interference from voices or sounds. Sounds and voices directly prevents me from practicing this religion. This religion is a way of life. In order to practice in effectively I need the permanent ,absense or silence from sounds and voices. Television , or some combinations 
are necessary in order to prevent these sounds and voices music even..Its against my religion for energy systems or systems involving this specific energy to be heard."
175869447,"In a new review, published in the journal Schizophrenia Research,a team of researchers describes how the current COVID-19 pandemic may affect people with psychosis or those at risk for psychosis. The authors also emphasize the potential difficulties of helping patients with psychosis manage social distancing and other necessary precautions. Psychosis is a condition that affects how a person perceives reality; it may lead to seeing, hearing or sensing things that are not there. Psychosis can be triggered by a mental or physical illness, medication or extreme stress or trauma. https://psychcentral.com/news/2020/05/14/how-covid-19-may-affect-people-at-risk-for-psychosis/156477.html"
175869448,Thank you! I suffer from agoraphobia. So it's traumatic every time I have to leave the house. Having to catch cats and get them in the carrier makes it worse. I ended up distracting myself until it was time for my appointment. That helped soothe the pain in my chest. I have to do it again next week. Now I know what I can do to stay calm.
175869449,“Don’t kill yourself”. It works better when you don’t bother explaining the reasons for the advice.
175869450,I like drawing. It would be easier if I wasn't being made to shelter a narcissistic waste of space against my will.
175869451,"I am prescribed _PERSON_ for my sz. Doc also thinks I have bipolar (which I definitely agree with, probably bipolar 2). _PERSON_ has done wonders for my negative sz symptoms that persisted when I was on Abilify. It seems to help with depressive mood too"
175869452,"Hi (((((((GAEL))))))) There is certainly a strong environmental or ""Nurture"" factor at work, if 50% or more of people with Bipolar experienced SOME form of child abuse. I'd put MINE down to it, plus the stress of my father dying in 2003. I think that was the Last Straw. But looking back it IS possible to see earlier episodes of severe mood swings before I went TRULY manic. Love _NAME_"
175869453,"I had breakfast at around 7. I listened to the spirits while I made it. I have a lot to do today, cleaning, laundry, and walk on the treadmill for 45 minutes but I honestly don't feel like doing any of it at the moment. I changed plans with my sister so she's not coming tomorrow so maybe I can do it then, I don't know"
175869454,That’s very good _AT_MENTION_
175869455,I know several people and I belong to a zoom group(covid)SARDAA. It provides a lot of support and I met quite a few people like myself.
175869456,"I think they do, when I changed psychiatrists new ones already knew the symptoms I was complaining about."
174364431,.
175869457,I had very poor short term memory and could rarely focus on anything. I definitely felt like my mind was slipping
175869458,This thread is epic
175869459,"It dawned upon me only recently after many years of having to annoyingly coexist alongside this strange daily experience of brushing off the mc's or 'voices' as they will at times desperately attempt to involve you, the unfortunate non-consensual listener and unwilling participant with whatever sicko narratives they are trying to pin upon you, the oblivions pedestrian. Whilst putting up with this odd strange form of neuro-framing, as that's the best way to describe their meaning the mc's 'voice operators' cruel games of narcissistic projection and displays of scapegoating and shamming attempts through accusations and inference as if the very act of acknowledging or hearing what they are alluring too is an active admission of guilt or a criminal act of its self. The clear and almost sociopathic displays of anonymous perpetration that passes as auditory hallucinations are incredible to think that it's your brain creating this version of interactive virtual reality. What's also quite telling is the fa
ct that they meaning the MC's' voices' seem to have almost OCD when ganging -up upon the hapless victim as you try to explain to yourself just what the **** is occurring here, as they seem very real at times. As you will experience 24/7 long marathons wrestling internally with these converted character assassination attempts whilst using whatever best firewall you can utilize. Everything from humming, placing headphones on, and drown them out with pleasing music, whistling, repeating non-sensual words or phrases internally, sitting on the loo and reminding them that I am busy right now can you blackmail me at other time, referring to them on mass as pedophiles and enthusiastic about _PERSON_. So it comes across that this form of disembodied or remote live streaming tries to ambush you at every turn, in order to basically disturb you or just to exploit you for its own acquired fetish. Would anybody else have noticed these types of general strategies used within this experience of VH as I am pretty convinced th
at mine is largely due to EH, and am planning to take the appropriate action? In short, has anyone else spotted the methodology involved within their experience of VH, and wouldn't it strike you as uncanny, to compare or analyze what's really going on here. p.s sorry for any mistypes."
175869460,"I spend much time in editing, deleting, erasing etc. This is the right process."
174364558,"Hi, Personally, I haven't received ECT at any of my hospital stays but I know people who have. One older man who used to come to the support group I lead had 15 treatments. It caused his emotions to blunt (similar to flat affect) and have memory loss. He was no longer depressed, but said he felt nothing. Another testimony comes from a very close friend of mine. WE met online a few years ago and quickly bonded as we both have schizoaffective (I am bipolar-type, he is depressive-type). When he was 21, his psychotic depression was so bad he was given multiple ECT treatments. It helped his mood tremendously and he didn't have depression for a few years. It did nothing to help with his psychosis, however. And he lost years of his life - meaning that, most of his high school and college years were lost as a result of memory side effects. Temporary amnesia is common directly after an ECT treatment, but usually clears up a few days later. However some people lose a lot of memory. It's a big risk. And both 
these men I know now have alcohol and drug problems because they lost a lot of emotion and need to get drunk/high to feel something. Technically speaking, ECT is found to be most effective in treating severe depression, and isn't always successful when treating schizophrenia or another psychotic disorder. I'm curious, what does your son think of this option? Does he want ECT and has he been informed of the possible side effects? I strongly recommend including him in this conversation as he is the one who will have to live with the aftermath. Hope this helps."
175869461,"Hello ?? honestly I think you are unaware of how much you are subconsciously “blaming “ Or “pinpointing” this cardiac issue on the use of the cbd. You say you have accepted it, it was your one and only time using the cbd, but the cardiac events haven’t stopped since the use. Honestly see your cardiologist again for a peace of mind. Do you have a therapist? Therapy can be amazing, even without the use of anti anxiety medications. If you’re constantly aware Or hyper vigilant of your heartbeat, this can cause a higher heart rate subconsciously. Especially if you say things like waiting to “drop dead”. I’m not here to contradict you, just trying to spread some light on what you may be unaware of. Hope all is well!! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175869462,SAARDA's support group on Facebook is very helpful!
175869463,I’ll give ya 20 bucks if you can tell me the movie. no idea.
175869464,"Child’s play hell raisers. Privates in Satan’s dime a million army. My schizophrenia. Buffalo bill from silence of the lambs the main stereotypical monster godless white man devil is the most vilest immature wickedest perverted hell-deserving hallucination cartoony proud phantom drunk with power he controls another guy vague but inserts his grinning stupidest faces into me everywhere I would see a woman (t.v., Facebook, walking) even reading a name on this forum!) I could feel him also pointing so extremely annoying into me. Main 1 he’s even pretended to sit next to me in the car with my parents when I’m sitting in the back seat he has a deep monster voice the other guy just laughs taunting me. There used to be like grinning American Jesus. Infuriating and makes me suicidal to kill them and to stop the torture. I cuss and describe the demons pissed off all day long. The main 1 can run black and white fast moving cartoons into my mind when my eyes are closed trying to sleep. There’s also a 
handful of 5th grade 6th grade my cousin _PERSON_ who are the most childish wickedest hell-deserving auditory hallucinations. They’ve made me cry hard 5times everyone just taking turns torturing me. they’re all abhorrent last but certainly not least a horrific feeling they’ve given me maybe 70-80 times over the years. Debilitating feeling from hell like the worst trip off weed imaginable. Extreme paranoia just extreme intense awkward kinda zombie twilight zone state. They all ???? with me then goes away after the night. The auditory hallucinations are so clearly audible into my head my little cousin demands sexual like repeatedly like loudly “n” word and their main torture my 11 year old friend and cousin will talk over thoughts I’m having while I’m having them like when I read or just try to fight them. Into my head. The saying can of worms in the head. They’re all demons unclean spirits and I can’t shake em. And they’re all around me! Constantly tormenting me over 2 years. I’m just a r
obot with the worst computer virus in my head and I have to live with it. The Disney movie Hercules, the movie space jam. Panic & pain from Hercules are my friend from when I was 11. And my little cousin. Also used to be good angels but smoked speed somehow they made it happen. 1 angel barely helps me. She’s trying to get me through this. By saying. Touch by ear “in 1 ear, and out the other.” A living hell. The angel is my japanese cousin. L M A O !"
175869465,"My Pdoc considered putting me on spravato (ketamine) for depression, it’s a nasal spray that a nurse has to administer once every second week where you have to be in hospital for an hour to be sure you don’t have any acute side effects. Therefore it’s very expensive, but it might be that she is considering it once again at the moment. I will say yes to anything except a high dose of psychedelics."
175869466,"I know, it sucks"
175869467,Yes they did that when I was off meds psychotic.
175869468,"I'm not sure I'm schizoaffective anymore. My voices are quiet now. And my PN has my diagnosis as MDD. My therapist thinks I have MDD with attachment disorder. I think I have ""Quiet BPD"". I'm not really volatile with other people. I'm very self-critical and think of harming myself all the time. I have no sense of self. I move from one thing to the next constantly. I feel empty inside and try to fill that void with food and people. But people don't have time for me and so I'm left with food and activities. Today is stressful. I have too much to do and no way to relax. I may try to read but I don't think I can settle down enough."
175869469,Sehr gut! 1515 Fünfzehn Zeichen
175869470,"I'm sorry _PERSON_. I can't imagine anyone "" not thinking well of you"". I'm here for you. Love, _NAME_."
175869471,"Bipolar Disorder: The Impact on Women Women experience more depressive mixed or rapid cycling. The course of bipolar disorder differs between men and women. Women experience more depressive mixed or rapid cycling, so that means their manic episodes tend to be less severe and their depressive episodes are longer. Stress brings on episodes, and during these pandemic times, women are more likely to be less stable. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-shameless-psychiatrist/202012/bipolar-disorder-the-impact-women love and hugs - sun"
175869472,yea welcome to the forum =) sorry to hear you feeling like that =/
175869473,look up gaslighting it may or may not help....
175869474,I know I’m intelligent I just Can’t prove it.
175869475,Thanks for the links. That was very thoughtful. I rang them and they really did help. Big thank you
174365215,"Hey, You’re not alone. I’m on the spectrum with schizoaffective. It took me a few years before I found proper help and spoke up to my friends too. I was also really afraid of the assumptions surrounding schizophrenic symptoms. With regular meetings with my therapist and psychiatrist appointments, I’m able to handle my symptoms and do a 9-5. I’m also on regular meds. Granted I’m schizoaffective, not schizophrenic so things may be slightly different. However, I believe that if you dedicate yourself to living a healthy lifestyle and mindset, things can get better. I’ve been on several forums and it helps. Like this one and also forum.schizophrenia.com. They’ve got both discussions around mental illness as well as fun things like what you ate this morning and favorite things to do. I understand how schizophrenia affects every part of your life, as it has done the same with mine. How you look at it makes a big difference though. I think with this in my life, I’ve started to take better c
are of myself than I probably would if I was without it. And I know for sure who really is there for me as they check in on me and care about me no matter what. I was in denial for a long time, wishing the bad things that were auditory hallucinations were true. And that held me back a lot. The fact that you are in acceptance is already really great. I hope this helps. Wishing you the best."
175869476,"Each personal viewpoint or scientific hypothesis whose data do not correspond with the actual reality ,they are considered an explicit delusion,quackery or unusual beliefs When someone talking about a public phenomenon known by term “hearing voices” It is in actual reality 'an auditory perception to a phonemic thoughts (PT) It is inner cognitive indoctrination OR inspiration of vocal thoughts IT is harmful revelation OR malignant revelation The hallucination is the malignant inspirer (suggestive) The phenomenon does not contain any common voices that can be heard by the external ears ,and the phonemic thoughts do not transmitted through the air but rather by the inner chemical transmitters !!"
175869477,_AT_MENTION_ how to get rid of urges to kill
175869478,"A thought is defined as a natural part of the brains functional mechanisms, a part of the human experience we think therefore we are, intelligence and the depths of feeling and personality are thought to come from our innate ability to be able to function the formation of thinking, it's supposed to be directly from the mind, many culminated synapses firing off at lighting speed a second. Most people including psychiatrists mistakenly presume that every conscience thought including the ones that are quite troubling to some suffers as a vocal entity speaking or acquiring the use of known understandable language to be able to complete the functionality of thinking, so a byproduct is a newly pronounced thought, of which was form by the use of words. Now what's of value to think about is every time you move your arm to reach out to pick something up or walk moving your legs, switch your glance at something in the middle distance, have you ever heard your mind or brain's process of producing thoughts. Or 
would this be a mainly silent affair? What's termed as sub-vocalization or self-talk can be misconstrued as the thought itself, where it's just your inner dialog of which most of us have. Another example of this would be dreaming or imagining a new idea or gaining insight into a problem or puzzle-like say math's, Intuition is a good place to start as its messages are direct and emotionally clear for interpretation of the meaning, as when the penny drops it rarely announces its self out loud, so you subvocalize it afterward. So, would it be fair to say that if most actual bodily thoughts are of nonvocalized manner either instinctive or of emotional basis how reasonably could we have a thought disorder when most are nonvocal entities? Would it be possible to recreate upon a 24/7 year campaign of harassment by hidden perpetrators, or would there be another explanation? The mind can be a puzzling thing, as impact or trauma can psychical change your brain's functional synapses, though other noticeable symptoms wou
ld be apparent. In short, we need to examine what is a thought, would it necessarily be of vocalized consistently, how do we use learned associations as a guide to defining the meaning of cognitive processing, and how to identify if the reading of information has become skewed. I think this might prove insightful."
175869479,"8-13-19 Song ""Grindin'"" by Clipse said ""grindin'"" when I was discussing interviews to Will. 8-13-19 The end of the song called ""Still Fly"" beat by Three 6 Mafia happened as I unscrewed my bottle, thee main lyric chorus. 8-14-19 Eating Kit Kats to song ""Codeine Cups"" by M-Ru & Jeez and CT. 8-14-19 Song ""Crown Me"" by Da Headbussaz said ""mail"" as I was reading mine. 8-15-19 I was walking down the sidewalk to an interview looking down. Thought about eating Subway then I look up and I was next to it. 8-15-19 Was weed whipping my lawn and thought about cutting a weed with some regret, cut it anyways (poking through the fence) and quipped ""it didn't make the cut"" 8-16-19 Song ""Still Throwed"" by ABN read ""throwed"" as I said ""thowed"" and I said ""same thing"" and ""it is what it is"" as the album name is ""it is what it is"". 8-16-19 Song ""Street Talkin'"" by _NAME_ and Outkast said ""chosen"" when Will and I were discussing our role in thee universe 8-20-19 Song ""All I Need"" by _PERS
ON_ and _PERSON_ said ""haha"" when I looked at the wide open mouth on the _PERSON_ chip bags. 8-20-19 Song ""Brown Paper Bag"" by _PERSON_ said ""brown paper bag"" as I wrapped a cheese block in a Walmart bag. 8-26-19 Song ""EBT to BET"" by _PERSON_ said ""crazy"" when I decided to tell _NAME_ that after seeing the que going up and down. 8-26-19 Song ""Aquafina"" by Falcons, Goldlink, and _NAME_ French said ""bottle"" as I set mine down. 8-28-19 Dropped soap on my T and said it was ironic and a little later dropped water on it. 8-28-19 Song ""Get Silly"" by V.I.C. said ""twistin' up a Philly"" as I screwed on my bottle cap. 8-28-19 Song ""Down and Out"" by _PERSON_, _PERSON_ West, and _NAME_ said ""car"" when Will told me not to drive one. 8-28-19 Song ""Hi Hater"" by Maino said ""stack paper"" as I got TP to blow my nose. 8-28-19 Song ""Next To It"" by _NAME_ and TY Dolla $ign said ""white house"" when I was freestyling about the flag (colors). 8-28-19 Song ""Wonderful"" by _NAME_ and _PERSON_ $ign said ""p
oppin'"" while I was eating popcorn. 8-29-19 Song ""Bow Down"" by Westside Connection said ""cheese"" as I finished eating some."
175869480,"Coming to Terms How we conceptualize bipolar disorder could curb misdiagnosis. Bipolar is simply an adjective synonymous with mood change, right? Even if you know better, it seems popular culture has essentially reduced this major mental illness to something in a thesaurus. In the Abnormal Psychology courses I teach, one goal is correcting misconceptions of mental illnesses so students don't misdiagnose patients based on casual lingo and simplified misunderstandings driven by pop culture. An inordinate amount of time is spent clarifying that Bipolar Disorder is not simply a fleeting bout of moodiness. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/and-running/202011/coming-terms love and hugs - sun"
175869481,"Schizophrenia Overview Schizophrenia is a serious mental illness that affects how a person thinks, feels, and behaves. People with schizophrenia may seem like they have lost touch with reality, which causes significant distress for the individual, their family members, and friends. If left untreated, the symptoms of schizophrenia can be persistent and disabling. However, effective treatments are available. When delivered in a timely, coordinated, and sustained manner, treatment can help affected individuals to engage in school or work, achieve independence, and enjoy personal relationships. This article goes over onset & symptoms, risk factors, and treatments & therapies of/for schizophrenia. https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/schizophrenia/index.shtml love and hugs - sun"
175869482,"Clearly, you need to seek professional help as this sounds to have intervened with your life. You cannot function well, and that's a sign you need to get this sorted out in the sure and best way possible. Get diagnosed and from there, you could get the treatment you need."
175869483,"_NAME_, you are so kind and sweet to me as always you have been. I hope you are doing well. People like you mean so much to me. Thank you, _PERSON_"
175869484,"The voices expect you to take accountability and they take no accountability for what they do on a daily basis.. at all they're definitely not proud of their work , if I created a mental illness I wouldnt be proud of it either... hence why they cant say who they are and what they represent."
174365512,"It's a blessing to have an independent way of making life enjoyable (or, at times, bearable); however, I found it disturbing to learn that the creativity and free association is a result of deficiency or ""disorder"" that implies there's something inherently wrong with me. I found it offensive, and as a result, I have become very anti-psychiatry. Then again, they can even present genius with negative connotations."
175869485,"You need to learn better coping mechanism, those that don't stop you from thriving. Otherwise, you end up punishing yourself."
175869486,I know that schizophrenia is treated with the help of medication. I really want to know that is schizophrenia a health disorder treated naturally? Or any other treatment without medication?
175869487,"nice to hear a supportive post for choiceless and the forum. if there could be remote viewing in society then theoretically there could also be remote manipulation in existence aswell. if there was it could be shared responsibility like walking a dog. there could often be a discrimination perpetuation as existence becomes more and more sentient. it could fish for discrimination to help avoid any king midas complacency and to try and establish authority. if the public were more fluid and less discriminatory and let the authorities discriminate it could help climate and comfort zones.if there was a plane and a ufo they could both be ufo's with different definition comfort zones, the same applies to edits. quantum entanglement could influence a lot of contrast contradictions that could be common with the sz public. manipulated edits could be like prompts to fish for definition and resources. entanglement contrast could be an indication to the extent of sz experienced. being supportive with less scapeg
oating could help sz and existence."
175869488,I was at the vet for 4 hours yesterday with Jazzy. She is fine now. It seems that she had an upset stomach. Today I am behind. I'm trying to do my best.
175869489,"When I used to get hangovers my speech used to change. I could hear myself doing it but it just felt so good so I'd just go with it. People used to say: Manners73, why are you talking posh? I used to say: Because I'm really ######6 hungover."
175869490,"Whenever I think about stoping my medications I remember what my life was like the last time I stop taking meds. I was in the psych. ward several times, my relationship with my friends and family was strained. Plus the way my life was made me feel out of control. I take my meds because I don't ever want to go through that AGAIN."
174365813,I am looking for support group for caregivers of schizophrenia affected young people in Chicago area. Any suggestions?
175869491,Poppy seeds make you fail a drugs test.
175869492,"i think this may be more common and have deeply rooted explanation related to being schizoid, i use to think it wasn't related but i have eventually found that i can only explain it by keeping being schizoid in mind. my theory of why i have this desire was: there some dreadful feeling schizoids get when they think other ppl know them or have a strong opinion/view of who they are, its like a fear of losing oneself, of being defined by others forcefully against ur will, from the fear of that definition to creep and infect how we prefer to view ourselves, in which its nothing we reject viewing our self as anything. and so in that way running away getting a new life is dropping all of those parasitic views that manage to creep in over the years and still leching on ruining our attempt to not have a view about ourselves. i remember when i was kid told my nephew while we reacting to some homeless person living a nomadic life in the wild that i wish that what my life will be when am older in which he got 
mad and started lecturing me of how bad life without parents and how grateful i should be that i have ones. i have even more extreme form of this in which not only they forgot about me but i forgot about them as well, use to fantasize about losing my memory and getting a fresh start."
175869493,Same _PHONE_NO_
175869494,"Wondered how many of you w/SPD have gone w/o sex for over a year whilst having a partner? (I understand this topic is not of interest to many w/SPD, it is not meant to be incendiary or insulting towards anyone w/SPD). Partner A (male) claims to have no sexual desire, yet reports he has not lost his attraction for his female counterpart. I know most people w/SPD have periods of no sexual need, are asexual, are often celibate for years, but is it common to co-habitate and not have engaged in sex for almost 2 years? To the typical person looking inward from a neutral, external standpoint, the answer may be ""no"". But within this group, I am sure the responses would/may be different. Activities engaged in are movie watching, going out to eat, sleeping in same bed, playing board games, but sexually speaking, the partnership is devoid of sexual intimacy. BTW, even when Partner A was younger (he is now in his mid 40s), his sexual desires and need for coupling was very low). I was the main sexual protagon
ist, we never had sex multiple times in a day, but we did have sex. As he has aged, it has become noticeably apparent that 1. his sexual libido has decreased, 2. He rather engage (sporadically) in covert sexual behavior, 3. He is just not sexually attracted to me (even if he claims that is the not the case). Thoughts (if any)?"
175869495,"Have you ever seen a psychiatrist? There are a number of different medicines which treat anxiety. Some of them are anti-depressants which also treat anxiety, including panic attacks. You can look on the search engine for ""psychiatrists in my hometown"" and there will come up a list for those. You can pick one, call for an appointment and they can give you one. Being positive, as has been mentioned, can help you get through this. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?"
175869496,"Here are 2 photos of my weight scale showing the weight loss difference. 20210510_124720420×574 63.3 KB January 1st, 2021 20210512_101237578×711 108 KB May 12th, 2021"
175869497,It’s been exactly a month later today... I’m on the brink of a nervous break
175869498,it’s part of the process. _PHONE_NO_
175869499,"with the spiritworld and people watching me from heaven, telling me how bad i am…you would think it would happen to more people if spirits could do that, they would harass a lot more people i think. And why do i hear it and no one else does…but no matter what they wont go away, but maybe thats because its a false belief and it really is an illness, an illness doesn’t just go away, its perpetual maybe its just something wrong with my brain…"
175869500,"Hello, may you be well today. Fully understand this disorder effects on daily life. I began to notice this disorder in 2012, alone and ashamed for a long time. Today its worse daily, I manage with a combination of methods. Mind-fullness teachers: On You tube help with centering the inner you that desires peace, meanwhile the activity/chaos exists all around you. I have even experienced the auditory hallucination's wake me from what I thought would be a deep sleep. Other times these voices female and males interrupt while I am listening to someone else speak. Sometimes I want to scream. I am stronger each day. Still suffer evenly just as much. Anger has also become a huge issue , few days ago I discovered the Dalai Lama , currently learning to manage anger through his wise instructions. As far as romance and friends still working on resolving soon in near future. Now the daily goals are to cope much better in every moment. I am an older person today. Prior today few years ago, I wasn't in control an
d any men were able to use my body and leave me. No more. I suggest anyone with this disorder cope daily and seek some one romantic or friends who can have real empathy, join classes for recovery. Otherwise, constant judgement and extra mental and emotional pain. May you and I find happiness in mind sooner in near future. By the way, I not on meds today, meds made my body too weak-much sicker! therefore , my recovery is much more challenging in every moment."
175869501,Welcome izzy..... This board isn't very busy however there are a number of people on the Bipolar Board that have schizoaffective disorder.... Big hug....xo
175869502,Has anyone experienced NMS (Neurologic Malignant Syndrome) from taking anti-psychotic meds?
175869503,Thank you! It does to me seem overall that it should not take this long to move if you really want to go. I mean it took us 3 days last time we last moved in April and I have a lot more stuff. The cat is our first pet together and interesting thing was it was a stray kitten that just walked into our driveway 2 years ago. It's his best buddy! This forum has been really helpful. Him and I have very different personalities and it's been really helpful reading the older posts and seeing things from a perspective likely closer to his own. With my borderline ish ways it is almost like we are polar opposites but I think I can make adjustments. He definitely needs much more time than I ever would. Either way this ends he has for sure taught me a lot about patience and understanding.
175869504,"I’d say he would, he was pretty supportive when I had depression. I’m not sure"
175869505,I just got home. Everything went fine. I didn’t expect it. Socializing is a great med
175869506,"It’s not bad but it doesn’t allow for any comparison to placebo or to another med (because the participants were all on Roluperidone.) Continuous improvement in negative symptoms as measured by Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) Marder Negative Symptom Factor Score (NSFS) observed over one year (12-week double-blind and 40-week open-label periods) in patients receiving both 64 mg and 32 mg doses Continuous improvement in Personal and Social Performance (PSP) total score over one year, suggesting improvement in patients’ everyday life functioning Favorable safety profile with few serious adverse events and no evidence of somnolence, extrapyramidal side effects or weight gain Still, it’s probably doing something, because “only” 11% of the people had relapses. The relapse rate during the _NAME_ (open label extension), defined as patients being withdrawn from the trial due to worsening of symptoms of psychosis, was 15 patients out of 166 patients (9%) in the 32 mg arm and 10 patie
nts out of 167 patients (6%) in the 64 mg arm. Over the one-year duration the relapse rate was 11.7% overall."
175869507,yeah I’ll keep it private. <3
175869508,"not bad at all , but you know days arent the same... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175869509,I have to be honest. I practice meditation and mindfulness. I also exercise when I feel anxious. I still require meds.
175869510,"I found that when I was totally oblivious to what this really is it was easier to live alongside as the fear it brings when you are being exploited within this manner is more troublesome to you as there are consequences to others actions that may need a legal representative like revenge porn what I am thinking would be upon those lines. So, yes Ignorance would be bliss until you find out!"
175869511,"I'm so glad for you, _AT_MENTION_!!"
175869512,I really started to do better in life when I started living alone. I then later foolishly decided to move in with someone else to save money. It only took a couple months for that to backfire on me.
175869513,My pdoc won’t let me switch from Invega injection to oral. He says I need to be compliant on injection for 2 years before oral meds.
175869514,I’m truly sorry! I don’t know what is wrong… Oh Finally!!! I think it was my internet was on Lite setting There you go
175869515,I can't get out of bed today. I might as well sit here and rot into the mattress. I was up all night but I slept before that so it's okay. I'll go to sleep tonight at some point
175869516,"I still do believe in the telepathy, but I have been doing some complimentary therapies that I think have helped a bit. Thank you for your reply, it is really interesting to hear your opinion about it. I think that might be what was happening."
175869517,"Yeah, I’m on computer and its still in same position for me too."
175869518,I know that prayer well too well
175869519,My daughter forgot to see a dentist twice and they punted her.
175869520,Yes my father thinks I’m lazy also. He doesn’t understand why I’m I’ll. He thinks it’s like the flu. That it goes away.
175869521,"I already earned my bachelors in PHL and a minor in PSY. I just have to pay 1300 to actually receive it, so I can apply for a job and officially have it. I can't graduate until I pay that amount. Its been dormant since I left the uni. Definitely not practical, but I learned a lot from it. It gave me confidence in writing. However, it wasn't earned until my last story where I found my voice officially. It looks good on resumes I've heard because of ethics, critical thinking, and technical writing skills. Plus, the vocabulary. This is purely based on conjecture. We'll see, hopefully I'm not too damaged so that I can find a job where I can live well."
175869522,Right there with you
175869523,Wait where did it used to be?
175869524,"Hello chrustinacoffman, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about anosognosia on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Inspire search: anosognosia We hope this helps! TeamInspire"
175869525,_AT_MENTION_ is the most likely to be around this time of night. Maybe take those meds and get some sleep and hopefully feel better in the morning.
175869526,"Yes, i tried to see some pics hours ago, and they didn’t load"
175869527,"The Conversation Schizophrenia: new blood test device could improve treatment Blood samples help doctors know whether a treatment is effective or not – and this device can provide this information almost instantly. Portable blood test Our research team has worked with a diagnostic testing company to develop a solution for under use of clozapine. As a result, they’ve created a portable device which allows clinicians to easily monitor the levels of clozapine in a patient’s blood almost instantly. This new device means doctors can adjust doses for patients according to how they’re responding to treatment or the side effects they’re having. It also means that doctors can get important information on how drug levels may have fluctuated as a result of certain lifestyle changes (such as if a person got ill, or quit smoking)."
175869528,I hope all is well with everyone! I just wanted to say Hi. I am new to Inspire and wanted to send some well wishes to all. Have a productive weekend!
175869529,Awesome. Good for you. Hope it works out.
175869530,"Hello, Interesting post, have you ever hear of _PERSON_ in the occult. In the Bible this is called Legion or the Hive Mind, that feeds off it's hosts psyche. Also it's like sticking needles into a voodoo doll as it's an malicious act achieved through cloak and dagger methods for detrimental mean or overcomes. The remoteness of the attacks also adds the to occult comparisons think _PERSON_. I have sort of draw this association with V2K,NLP,RNM and acts like revenge porn, cyber hazing and act's of Zersetzung or white glove treatment to the dark side of the occult before. Any way just thought I'd make my observations known, thank you."
175869531,"Do some breathing exercises. Slows down the heart rate and breathing. Takes a lot of anxiety away. Breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth. As if smelling the roses and blowing out the candles. Positive self help does help too. Just like negative thoughts can come, so can positive. Keep hanging in there. You will get better and you are stronger than you think. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175869532,"I’d love to be able to say I did that. And to have the skills to do so,."
175869533,There are no demons or robots. Try to ignore those thoughts.
175869534,"Thanks for sharing this. As a person who also experiences incontinence I have some understanding of how you feel. And I appreciate how difficult it was for you to share it. I think your therapist was wise in suggesting you reach out. There are probably millions of people worldwide who experience incontinence for various reasons. You are very far from being alone. And coming to realize this, I think, is comforting in-&-of itself. There are even individuals who wish to be incontinent and / or choose to be voluntarily incontinent, again, for various reasons. I don't know anything about you or your situation other than what you wrote here. So it's possible anything I write may be completely off the mark. If so, please forgive me. With that thought in mind, though, the first thing I would say is that taking as much control of your incontinence as possible is the first step in lessening the guilt & shame you feel. Believe me everyone, or at least almost everyone, who experiences incontinence goes through 
a period of guilt & shame over it. But many are able to find their way past this over time. You can too. The first most basic way of taking control of your incontinence is to find & use an incontinence product(s) appropriate to your needs. We are fortunate, nowadays, to have available a wide range of very effective incontinence products. Some can be purchased at your local pharmacy or even supermarket although the best ones are mostly sold on-line. (There are even alarm systems for use overnight.) Yes, your caregivers may still have to change and clean you to some extent. But the more you can do to take charge of your issues yourself, and minimize the amount of cleaning & changing your caregivers have to do, the better you will feel about the situation. At least that's my perspective. Beyond that my personal opinion is that guilt & shame, whatever it's cause, is best addressed with acceptance. I believe in DBT they refer to it as ""radical acceptance"", if I'm not mistaken. However there's a Buddhist practice 
I'm personally fond of: ""compassionate abiding"". Here's a link to a mental-health-oriented description of the practice: Relieve Distress By Allowing It: Compassionate Abiding 101 | Mindset: Perspective Is Everything So these are my recommendations (for what they're worth) for overcoming the guilt & shame you feel over your incontinence: 1. Develop an understanding of the fact you are far from alone. Many people experience incontinence in various forms. 2. Find ways to take as much control as you can. Your caregivers should be able to help you with this. This will also help to minimize the amount of work your caregivers have to do. 3. Cultivate radical acceptance of your condition. (If you haven't already done so, & you feel you can, it may be helpful to express to your caregivers how you feel.) My best wishes to you."
175869535,Thank you for sharing this...much appreciated.
175869536,"Bipolar? Stay Away From Cannabis.... Cannabis. People say it calms them down, helps them sleep and soothes their pain, both emotional and physical. Well, so does the glass of wine I drink each night, the meditation I teach, my neighbor’s cigarettes and my friend’s kitten. Cannabis and products derived from it, like CBD, have a strong political constituency. There are moves to make it legal with few restrictions in most states (10 have already legalized cannabis for recreational use). An awful lot of people think it’s safe to use and efficacious in treating any number of medical conditions. The only reasonable response to these claims is “who knows?” There are no FDA approved indications for medical marijuana. What is researched and peer reviewed is that cannabis use is very dangerous for people with bipolar disorder. In studies researchers have found that people with bipolar disorder who use cannabis have more manic episodes, more mixed episodes and less compliance with prescribed treatme
nt. Quality of life on almost all measures is lower, with fewer cannabis users with bipolar disorder holding jobs and living in a relationship. Cannabis is a psychoactive drug, and some people who use it have psychotic episodes like hallucinations or debilitating paranoia. Of those who have had such episodes, 47% develop bipolar disorder or schizophrenia over the next 4 years. CBD oil, or cannabidiol, doesn’t fare much better. While there’s no evidence it causes bipolar disorder or increases or aggravates episodes of mania, there’s absolutely no peer reviewed research that it helps, either. Snake oil salesmen have been colorful characters in our myths and history. Add to their ranks the people at your local dispensary and the people pushing CBD. Don’t try to tell any of this to anyone lobbying for the greater use of cannabis. Few substances are so loaded with so many positive claims backed up by so little conclusive research. When you buy it, even legally, you can’t be sure exactly what you’re get
ting, how much of it you should use, or what it will do to or for you. Read more here: Bipolar? Stay Away From Cannabis"
175869537,"My bf is currently working as a coordinator for a merchandising company.....it’s very much an entry level business job, $17 an hour full time. You might find something similar or even better. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
175869538,"Yes, that’s what they are saying now"
175869539,"just emailed, but i see ya ok. HT More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
175869540,Welcome to pc
175869541,Good luck. You will do great
175869542,Thank you. Right now the tumor is unsafe to remove due to location and high risk of permanent damage if operated on. Currently I am on medication to try to shrink it. Mayo has told me I will probably never get my vision back which makes my profession very hard to perform.
175869543,"I’m sure they will find a cure, but I’m not sure if i will be alive"
175869544,Ok. Will do. Hope you feel better soon!
175869545,"The parasitic condition is the correct model that matches the essential nature of the human condition which is called schizophrenia ,it is considered more developed and advanced than all other parasitic conditions known to the science so far . This research is the right start to identify the actual nature of the sz in a manner that corresponds its mother nature A controlled conscious understanding that does not losing the time to search for endogenous causes (anatomical/ genetic…etc) or a causal factors acquired by experiences,but rather places every focus on searching for an external cause (parasitic),whereas the directions of the human genetic material do not create it ontologically NOR are the mental functions of the self create it functionally Searching for a Foreign Body (whatever it is ) penetrated the neuron cell and created the change that led to the functional disorder in the concept of perceived mental products,which turns by action of self will into mental,emotional and behavioral resp
onses far from all possible expectations The main problem for this research that exceeds all expectations,the foreign body (parasite) of sz condition does not have an organic body that can be detected inside any neuron cell ,because it is a pure psychological parasite (eternal /self-perpetuating ) that has not been rooted from a owned genetic material or by the genes of the human host In other words,it is impossible to find a foreign body (parasite) associated with sz condition inside the human body or any cell ,but you should know that the thing be called Hallucination is the foreign body that you search about it !! As you know,the hallucination is represented in the phonemic transmitter / the moved imagination and the malicious feeling emitter"
175869546,"I'm so-so. Didn't really accomplishment today. Been talking with a woman, but she's not interested in me, but that's okay, we're good friends and maybe that's better. Maybe I need to work on myself more as well. I feel calmer, less reactionary now. More in control. Reading that last book was good for my soul. Been thinking of big changes. Maybe move to West Coast somehow. Away from all the drama in my hometown, all self-caused. Psychology can only help me so much, environment change can help out tremendously. Live here for one more year, I'll be able to get my degree by January now, so then start to plan and look for a new job far far away. I feel exiled here. It's really sad. New Enviroment, new job, a small place to live, even if its just a room for rent, im serious, just anything to escape this hell. So save money, pay off college debt, get rid of the majority of my crap, plan and, I don't know, do a zoom call to find a job maybe? Maybe I can find a boring day job that pays a living wage. Little 
concerned about life time tradesman looking for a desk job. Totally different atmorspheres that employers may not be compassionate about. We'll see."
175869547,why the ###$ would I talk to _USER_ID_?
175869548,Glad he at least paid something. He was mocking it. What a low tier degenerate
175869549,"I do, I read into reply's, and don't have any confidence. But then I don't exactly have a great life. I'm on a disability pension, struggle with accomplishing goals and generally just waste my life on meaningless things except for my volunteering with refugees and the odd humanist event. Hardly the kind of person women want to hang out with."
175869550,There is also the doctrine of positive psychology. A penn professor is the originator. _NAME_ his books are available on audible and Kindle! He is the original source! All this works for me the acceptance and commitment theory the positive psychology and modern CBT God bless you _NAME_
175869551,Im so sorry you are struggling so much. I wish I had great words of wisdom for you. I had to be put on meds to help me with the negative self talk and the with the ruminating thoughts. I simply could not get myself out of them. It sucks. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety
175869552,The dude just asks questions. He doesn’t answer them
175869553,"Im making what I wanna make at the time. Thats all I really do But I see what you mean, I dont have the software anymore to properly record guitar stuff, my old laptop died on me. I need izotope rx7 back"
174368179,HI there! I just wanted to say that I have the same diagnosis ( I also have OCD) and was in denial about the bipolar side of my condition until very recently.I was diagnosed aged 21 and am now 32.It is hard because other people do react negatively but its usually because they do not understand.I really related to you because I had alot of strange beliefs and was in and out of hospital in my ealry twenties.Being in hospital was terrifying- I was in solitary confinement for four months straight- no contact with my family and I thought I had been kidnapped.I was misdiagnosed initially and suffered a hell of alot with extremely frightening demonic hallucinations.Now I am on Clozapine and Sertraline and I must say meds have changed my life.It is comforting to know others can understand as I have felt that one of my biggest struggles is being understood.I used to pray that my family would dream about the things I saw so they could understand me.Thank you for sharing you are very brave! I have a good life 
now too.Im an art student doing well with a nice flat in London and an amazing boyfriend who is so supportive.Thanks for sharing! God bless x
175869554,"The new doc might or might not have access to old files. In my experience, it seems like they don’t much read the old files. They might look at the diagnosis and if and under what circumstances one might be violent."
175869555,"The researchers found that people with bipolar disorder scored higher than most of the healthy controls on: Neuroticism Neuroticism is characterized by emotional instability. People high in neuroticism tend to experience high levels of anxiety and have dramatic shifts in mood. People low in neuroticism tend to be more emotionally stable and have less anxiety. In the study , those with bipolar disorder scored higher than those without on neuroticism in all areas except lack of assertiveness. Extraversion Extraversion mainly measures a person’s sociability, assertiveness, and emotional expressiveness. People high in extraversion tend to have more friends and acquaintances, be more outgoing, feel energized around others and are more likely to start conversations. People low in extraversion are introverted. They mostly prefer to be alone or in small groups, they dislike being the center of attention and tend to think before they speak. The results of the study indicated that a significant amount of p
eople with bipolar disorder scored higher on extraversion than the healthy controls. Disinhibition Disinhibition is essentially the other side of conscientiousness. People who are conscientious tend to be efficient, organized, ambitious and cautious. People who score high on disinhibition, on the other hand tend to be disorganized, aimless and rash. Those who score lower on conscientiousness may dislike structure and schedules, miss deadlines and procrastinate more. A significant amount of people with bipolar disorder scored higher in disinhibition than the healthy controls, especially in irritability and impulsiveness, both characteristics that are found in bipolar disorder. The researchers did not find a significant difference in scores between those with bipolar I versus bipolar II . They also did not find any evidence that personality profile predicted course of illness over the two-year period, though previous studies have found that people who are more prone to depression tend to score higher in neuroti
cism and lower in extraversion. It’s important to keep in mind that not all people with bipolar disorder will have these personality traits. These findings cover people with bipolar disorder in general. It is entirely possible to be a conscientious introvert with bipolar disorder as much as it is possible to be a neurotic extrovert. Read more here: 3 Personality Traits Found in Those with Bipolar Disorder"
175869556,I hope you start feeling better soon _AT_MENTION_ Yesterday was an off day for me. I took Klonopin PRN
175869557,I ve drank half of this cup… 162098767615983400621082820352393024×4032 2.32 MB it about 40 us ounces… starting to get sleepy. thank you _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ now for some merciful sleep.
175869558,"I feel discouraged today. For some reason, I don't have as much stamina as I used to have. I think I am taking the remainder of the weekend to relax. Maybe that will improve my mood."
175869559,"Ooh yes, greedy economics. I have seen documentaries about the opioid crisis and oxycodone. But it ends not there: A couple of years ago “The daily show” was sponsored by Lyrica (pregabaline) And before that - The antidepressant, Wellbutrin, was sold as the “Happy horny skinny pill.” Among psychiatrists the combination of Effexor and Mirtazapine is known as “California rocket fuel” Come on - who wouldn’t like to be skinny horny happy on california rocket fuel? Someone should do something about that."
175869560,Skipped my writing workshop today. Oops. Oh well it's fine.
175869561,"I’m starting a new series on my blog about how bipolar symptoms feel, with each blog in the series focusing on an individual symptom. Today I want to talk about fatigue and how it really feels. Fatigue is not simply ‘feeling a bit tired’, it’s complete and total exhaustion in every cell of your body. It’s as though all of the energy has been sapped out of you, body mind and soul. For those who haven’t experienced it, this is how I would describe fatigue: You’ve been at work all day. You didn’t sleep much the night before. You’re at the end of a long shift, and after work you’ve had to do some chores (housework, visiting family, whatever it may be). You finally get to sit down at the end of the night and you feel completely drained. You can barely keep your eyes open. Your body feels heavy. You can’t focus on any one thing. You know you need to go to bed because you have to sleep, you can’t possibly stay awake any longer. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2020/01
/how-bipolar-symptoms-really-feel-fatigue/"
175869562,"Guys, after all the meds, regular ones, And the prn meds, i feel dizzy. I have blurred vision. I can’t stand up, walk, coordinate my limbs. I can’t drive."
175869563,5 boxes of chai tea 2 nightgowns Paper plates
175869564,"Hi, I just want to comment about the “packing up my things” issue. I have done this when my husband and I have had serious arguments. I still have boxes of my little “treasures” (childhood mementos, special dishes, etc.) in a bedroom closet. When I’m doing it, it makes me feel better: like I’m at least able to take some action. I’ve gone so far as putting some in the back of the car, but have yet to rent a storage unit to put stuff in. I later moved the boxes back in the house. I don’t know why it makes me feel better. Maybe gives me the feeling that I can just load the boxes and go if things get intolerable. Maybe I get a sense of control from it."
175869565,"In your initial list, I would describe fire as meaning ""cleanse""."
174368459,"_PHONE_NO_ AEDT up to now JD: we've been setting you up M?: and how M?: how many schizophrenics have died in the last 2 days? s: does it matter? M?: yes it does matter s: how so? M?: because every schizophrenic runs their own life, or something or other .... M?: how many people do you think are setting you up, *mod _USER_ID_* s: don't call me *mod _USER_ID_* fm?: how many people do you think are setting you up? s: none fm?: I'm afraid thats not true....what happened then? s: you moved it ..... 1152 fm?: what have i got to say? s: no idea ..... 1154 mp: why are we pedophiles *mod _USER_ID_*? s: I assume you're confused mp: *mod _USER_ID_* here. why are we *mod _USER_ID_* *mod _USER_ID_*? s: I assume you're confused' ..... 1214 fm?: are any of your works copy-written? s: no fm?: why not s: you claim to be honorable, so I wanted to see if you are, because if you are working with the power of ghosts, you must be, you absolutely need to be 1238 m?: can I set you up? can I set you up? why would I set you 
up? s: I don't know m?: I'll tell you why. Because I am a Freemason, and I set you up s: you are irrational ... 1453 Just was 'talking' to someone purportedly, supposedly and allegedly from the FBI. I was being interrogated regarding my websites, in particular the manifesto of the HOST website, as it appears on my current other websites. After me being compliant and agreeable, when asked about drug use, i said ""because you won't stop talking to me all the time. BE QUIET!!!"" Then i said - ""I've just got those two websites onto your server logs. And proably behind the DMZ."" _PHONE_NO_ AEDT - *mod _USER_ID_*"
175869566,Wishing you luck with getting back to normal _AT_MENTION_.
175869567,welcome to the forum =) i hope you will get better on the new meds.
175869568,5 Things That May Affect Your Mental Health Most During Lock down... Do you relate to any of these current struggles? Want to know? Read here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2020/05/5-things-affecting-my-mental-health-most-during-lockdown/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=11ff05e153-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_C...
175869569,"Tonight I have a old, but new weapon it might help it says it was filled 2018 … I don’t think I ever took it… IC Doxepin 25mg… and it says take 1/2 capsules by mouth at bed time… Now real question is should I try it?"
175869570,Better go so you don’t have an episode.
175869571,My flowers came. Can’t wait for my succulents
175869572,There you go! I take my payment in pictures of cats or fancy desserts!
175869573,"No I don't think it is, I've taken abilify before and I never had agitation with it. I just go through periods of agitation sometimes, I always have"
175869574,"Morning Leaf! That sounds like a wonderful day. I get to have my mom home today. Looking forward to that, haven’t seen her in 10 days. After a week I started missing her. Same with some chores, I want my mom to come home to a pristine house. Will even grab some flowers from our cornucopia of flora. I’m waiting for gardenias, they’re my favorite. Wishing you well my foliage friend! I hope things are going well for you."
175869575,Good job! That’s awesome!
175869576,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175869577,A stuffed animal can be someone's friend. _PERSON_ can have my money but I'd to keep my soul if he allows it.
175869578,I smoke so I got both shots a month ago.
175869579,Sorry to hear your having a tough day… Hope the meds help.
175869580,"You are responding to a thread that was last active over 4 years ago and the OP has not been active in over 6 years. You won't get a response by repeatedly asking for updates - please start your own thread. I must warn you that the Boards are notoriously slow, and responses the same. _NAME_ More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175869581,"Hey, doing ok. Just slacking. About to buy some gamestop stock but it is a lot of procedure. Don’t totally want to take my money out of crypto. What are you doing now?"
175869582,Thanks for the warm welcome. I look forward to this journey.
175869583,*mod _USER_ID_*
175869584,"I slept, from 10pm till 3:30pm Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175869585,"Small town breakdown Learning to live again is a difficult task. I have spent years in between an illness and a struggle to survive. I have a lot for which to be grateful. I live alone; I have fantastic support. I got a job; I have a degree. It is harder to list the positives than the negatives. Through the lens of my insecurities, I see myself as a failure. I experienced a series of unexplainable events Driving naked through town unexpectedly. Mania induced chats with the neighbors and even a few fights. Meandering through my mental health history, is like playing Russian roulette with my emotions. I have tremendous shame, which I am trying to convert into personal responsibility. My mind is on a carousel, which does not slow down. I am given glimpses of the past through my spotted memory. I remember Hearing trains talk and birds gave me lectures on the effects of global warming. I communicated without saying a word. Everyone had secret thoughts, and only I was privy to them. They consumed me. I f
ought off real-life witches and demons. I lived in the other realm where magic was categorized and presented as usual and innate. I had an IQ of 770 and worked with every intelligence company in the world. I was intelligent. Hell, I was God for a while. I was the energy that journeyed through people and nature, connecting us all. I flew, I knew krav maga. I was on the run, and yet my thoughts broadcasted to everyone. I began to seek comfort in the refuge of exposure. I had nothing to hide The flip side: I have attempted suicide more times than I can count on two hands. I have experienced fear so intense that I could not eat, sleep, move, or talk. I have hated myself to the point of starvation. I have been to hell on earth. I have lived in the dark void of light. In this abyss, I have learned to swim. I can watch the stars and see the enormity of it all. I transcended to an understanding above the ordinary. Living with mental illness allows you to see through the haze and experience a clarity of life that can 
only come from accepting the chaos."
175869586,I am having the same problem too.
175869587,Hey and where I am is second highest infection rate because people are dumb. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175869588,My therapy session yesterday went well. I was surprised. We focused on my anxiety and put a plan in place. I'm going to try exposure therapy. I'm starting off small and will build from there. I feel better today. I feel more hopeful. I'm a little anxious this morning cause I have an appointment today. But I really need to go. I am rehearsing the event in my mind and focusing on being successful.
175869589,"I bought a very fancy _NAME_ laptop. Wont come until next month though. I hope it lasts me lonnger than this Lenovo when did. The R button on this one broke and it oten doesn't work. Went grocery shopping Bought a spare laptop charger A case for it, and keyboard cover Protein powder Diet Dr. Pepper because me and SK are the cool ones."
175869590,I would totally watch a musical where _PERSON_ marries _NAME_.
175869591,My dr said its pretty hard to make meds that target specific brain regions/receptors without affecting others. He said there is none yet.
175869592,"Hi everyone, I am super embarrassed to be writing this, but my therapist said reaching out might help me shed some of the shame I feel. I have affective psychosis and sometimes my state of mind gets so bad that I lose connection to my body, which can lead to bathroom accidents at times. This has put a strain on my family relationships as they are my caretakers and sometimes have to change and clean me if I am unable to take care of myself. I feel bad for this and disgusting even though I know it is not my fault. I have been doing well lately and only have accidents at night now, but I am still ashamed and sad at my condition. How can I overcome feeling guilty over something I can’t control?"
175869593,You need to sleep. Do you have sleeping pills?
175869594,I relied on some addictive behaviors this morning. I was really stressed out. I may continue with these behaviors. I don't want to feel anything today.
175869595,very clever with the sand =D
175869596,Same for me. Now it will happen much less.
175869597,"Go. ninjastar, go!"
175869598,"As mentioned before, son _PERSON_ has schizophrenia and his episodes are really scary. He yells, screams, threatens (had to hide all knives after one of his episodes), he kicks, he hits. He was diagnosed while awaiting trial for terroristic threats (just got his record expunged five years later), after he was diagnosed his behavior made sense, however he refuses to get help, what to do?"
175869600,I get paid $16.00 an hour to push a mop around and talk to the pretty woman soldiers at work.
175869601,Do as many things as possible in each day. From an old survivor.
175869602,you must get a pretty penny for expert work like that…good for you !!
175869603,a song i worked on a while ago.
175869604,"I wrote an elaborate joke about some perfume and was told I should be a writer, again. I did used to write a lot, but things became more and more difficult. When I was a child, I struggled with writing dialogue because I knew, explicitly, that I wasn't very good at socializing and my only frames of reference were other pieces of fiction. When I became a preteen, I couldn't get inside the heads of characters and their personalities, because other people had become alien and incomprehensible to me. Plots and world-building were the last things to die, in my late teens. I get this too when I'm trying to mute an intrusive thought or a bad memory."
175869605,"I sometimes think it is others thinking of us and our ego distorting what their opinions are of us. Also, with famous/well-known people, I think phrases like ""go _i__ yourself"" are translations for ""im having sex!"" Or thinking about success, who really knows. I was in a coma a decade ago, (did I ever get out of here?) (Hey! Which door do I walk through?) And it clearly messes with me, it's not just _NAME_ vú (oh this happened in my past and here's fast forward), it's like, wow, I remember this in my coma. Was that my prep for the next decade? Haha. Sometimes it's like the big guy is messing with me. Yeah, I see you sometimes. Gotta thank the big guy for another day upon arrival. Ha Your local coin machine"
175869606,Can also try latuda I am on that one. I had low motivation on invega and high prolactin.
175869607,"It's basically wrong coping mechanism, not necessarily repression. ""Personality"" in that sense, is either a ""different"" sense of self, or behavior that is not socially accepted, or both. It would be like trying a librarian to become a welder, by giving them drugs. Drugs work mainly on emotions, either as tranquilizers or stimulant. So they will give tranquilizers to psychotics and stimulants to depressed people, generally. It won't work on a personality, not something lasting or that works. Reeducation is the only way if you want change."
175869608,Hello Purevision: I see this is your first post here on My Support Forums. So... welcome to MSF. I hope you find the forums to be of benefit.
175869609,I feel stressed and a little sad today. I've had a busy morning and this afternoon I'm having a difficult time trying to relax. I'm beating myself up for not doing things I think I should be doing. I really need to show myself some compassion. I'm doing the best I can.
175869610,Great question to ask your doctor.
175869611,"Thers a supplement called Mucuna Pruriens that contains L-Dopa, it increases dopamine. I tried it and it improved all those and negative symptoms but at the same time started to cause psychosis symptoms"
175869612,"I feel this, but only sometimes. It has made me feel slight guilt when I throw things out. Culturally, the Japanese history composed of _NAME_ states similar, that things that have served a purpose-objects can be haunted with a force or spirit. when getting rid of something, they thank the item or try to recycle it into something else. Whenever I have to part with something, i sometimes kiss it and thank it. I try and goodwill it as much as possible in hopes someone will treat it with good love."
175869613,"watercolours and cass watercolour paper, it is student grade. Thanks,"
175869614,"I can’t tell you what to do, but I dropped out, then with two disabled babies, went back, and got my degree. you can do it."
175869615,"Hi. Since nobody is join the Telegram group, I'll give you the last update here: the doctor suggested me to measure the ocular pressure."
175869616,"_NAME_, thank you for your link. It is a very kind gesture. Thank you. I have to say though I am not depressed whatsoever. I am quite the opposite. The point of my post was to tell others that even with the most hurtful pains life can bring to you, you can still be a happy person. In truth, it is much, much harder to be sad all of the time. _PERSON_"
175869617,"No. I had cognition, but it was distorted."
175869618,Good going. Way to go. It’s very impressive that you made improvement.
175869619,Are you replacing it with another medication? Or are you just weaning off of it?
175869620,I can’t remember if he said she’ll be back this week. But either way he also is emailing the medical director whoever that is in case she’s not here till Monday Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175869621,"Hello KJPMush, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about Neurologic Malignant Syndrome on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: Neurologic Malignant Syndrome We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175869622,Would be nice if the mods could reduce question spamming by limiting the user to a single thread. _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
175869623,I feel pretty good this morning. I've been doing mindfulness exercises and working with difficult emotions. I feel like it's helping.
175869624,I'm doing well and have decided NOT to pursue grad school. I am happy with what I have. I may do something here that is doable. Life is not bad here. I feel blessed!
175869625,I feel as if buried alive. Can anyone relate? Voices are spiritual in context. That doesn’t help. It places me between two fighting forces. The good and the bad.
175869626,"i know this kinda thinking. all these visible and invisible eyes starring at me, even when i am all alone i feel a tyrannic strength watching me, influencing me, taking control over my thoughts and so on. it's hard to take a reality check when i can't even tell for sure what it is real or not. and the thing you just can't categorize as right or wrong are feelings, even if they are that scurril and surreal. in stressful situations it's getting more intense, so i try the best i can to avoid stress factors. take care of yourself."
175869627,"5 Factors in Overstimulation and Bipolar Disorder Our bipolar disorder brought a lot of new things into our lives, and reactions to overstimulation is one of them. Read more here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2019/11/15/5-factors-in-overstimulation-and-bipolar-disorder/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=cb8cf8e2e7-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01..."
175869628,18 for me. It says I have mild Passive-Aggressive traits and should seek help. ..... sorry but I don't have enough care for that.
174370837,"Hi, I think I have schizophrenia. My diagnosis is Bipolar. I know I have depression. I have a 9 year old daughter, and I am really just worried that my illness is going to affect her negatively. Can you give me any advice? I don't want to neglect or traumatize her. I cannot imagine having my mom be schizophrenic, so I don't know what it is I'd be going through myelf. Thank you"
175869629,3.1415 25 characters.
175869630,Thank you Oblivion for the advice. I will try to do as you advise. I think the hard part will be your last sentence him not liking the ball in his court. So keeping communication open without pressure but not having it so he would have to take full initiative to come back will be a bit of a challenge. He does love our cat and I would never deny him to visit so I could see him doing that if he does leave. I think you could be right about living together. Maybe it being more than he can handle. It does not help that I work at home and he doesn't work so we are together all day. Before we lived together he came over every day between 12 to 1 pm and left around 2 am 3 am and even though it was a ton of time together doing this every day we had far less issues. A bit of an update on his packing/maybe moving. It has now been 2 weeks since he started. Since last Sunday he has packed one bin and mostly worked on his truck and car. Still no box has left the house. It's a very hard limbo place for me. Hard to 
feel like he is really going when he is taking so long.
175869631,I know he is cheating on me. Or I know he will cheat on me and I hate him for not being good enough for him. I know he will immediately leave me if a better girl comes along and leave me and treat her better.
175869632,Honestly I’m just here to post pictures of possums and collect my likes
175869633,"I feel like this also. I've always loved alone time to fantasize but when younger rarely got this with expectations to further education, work etc. Since experiencing mobility problems later in life which left us isolated (because of where we live too) I spent more and more time locked in fantasy, now its practically 24/7 with exception of a couple of hours a day to take care of/walk the dog. Even then we can include walking the dog as part of a fantasy. The pandemic is really fuelling our apocalyptic scenario fantasies especially when they do lockdown and the streets are empty! If they get too intense we can switch to a younger alter and play on Animal Crossing or something! But generally feel no distress from the situation and looking forward to an entire winter locked in fantasy with NO pressure to socialise at all! (though we do keep contact with a younger sibling) _PERSON_"
175869634,I just bought some yellow poms
175869635,"All I can say is that you don’t need to bring anger to this site. I understand why you are. So, you can let it eat you up inside, or choose to rise above it and do what you need to be at peace and happy with yourself and others. You aren’t well right now, but you could be."
175869636,"My friend, I am pretty much in the same situation you are. I got married a year ago to the most wonderful girl I’ve ever met, I knew she had gone through a lot in her life, trauma abuse when very young. I just thought she was very spiritual and then slowly I saw the true picture. She has auditory hallucinations and has really freaked out twice. But it’s not all the time, she’ll be totally normal for weeks then boom! I’ve talked my head off trying to get her to realize they are delusions but she is convinced that it’s “spiritual in nature”! I love her with all my heart and more, but I really don’t know what to do??? I don’t have the heart to have her locked up. I’m self medicating to deal with the stress and I really feel lost about a solution."
175869637,Evenings and nights. _PHONE_NO_
175869638,"Hello Dancermomof2, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about electroconvulsive therapy on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. electroconvulsive therapy We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175869639,"Thoughtless words can wound as deeply as any sword, but wisely spoken words can heal! ~ _NAME_ Be empowered this week!"
175869640,"Hi (((((((GAEL))))))))) My Mother had depression, and so did one of her sisters. I can remember three Major, NOTICEABLE episodes of it, the first when I was eight years old. That was depression AND Anxiety; she was in bed for a week and we had to tiptoe around and be quiet because of Mom's ""Nerves"". No doubt there were a lot MORE episodes of it that she concealed. Mom's sister _NAME_ hanged herself over a wardrobe, so MAJOR depression there I imagine. But *I* upped the anti to MANIC Depression! :) I got the FUN part too... (and very therapeutic , as mentioned elsewhere here). Love _NAME_"
175869641,Beep boop beep boop 69 420
175869643,"I am currently tough out my symptoms as it's more interesting watching people around me mysteriously turn into gang stalkers and start acting like Bees, swarming around me. They seemed to rely upon their smartphones a lot. So would that be part of the mental illness or part of the setup, entrapment attempts? I mean why would mental illness include mobiles. would Bio-Polar include microwave ovens?"
175869644,Well both yes and no. I still have issues with my memory. But at least now I don’t have total black outs as I had when I was psychotic.
175869645,Yeah I hear ya.. I know I should just accept it and let it pass but sometimes it's just really difficult to do that. Sometimes the brain just wants to hang on to the oh craps/ what it's and not let it go.. I guess one day at a time. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness
175869646,"YES, SARDAA has on line support meetings."
175869647,Voices are bad as everyday. I am used to them and their insults. Depression and despair is my worst symptom right now. My chest is heavy. I can’t breathe well. I need to die. I’ve had enough of this unfair life.
175869648,Anxiety and fear. How do you manage it or deal with it. No medications please
175869649,You too _AT_MENTION_
174371596,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about schizophrenia medication on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. schizophrenia medication We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175869650,"Hello Mentalwy, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate your taking the time to introduce yourself to your community and hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! We also wanted to let you know that our partner for this community may have more information about this situation so we have provided their contact information below. Mental Health America Phone: (800) 969-6642 Fax: (703) 684-5968 _EMAIL_ www.mentalhealthamerica.net We hope this helps in your search for answers. Thank you again for sharing! TeamInspire"
175869651,Have you thought about moving out of your mom's house? Is there a way you could do that? Live your own life?
175869652,That’s amazing. Keep up the good work!
175869653,Thanks for sharing your success. Best wishes for continued success!
175869654,He was a worthy member of these forums. It would be great if he could return to being that.
175869655,I thought that it would be useful to share some links that are specific to conditions. These may contain information or self-help ideas. Feel free to add in the comments and I'll include them in this post. Information https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/schizophrenia/ https://www.mind.org.uk/information-support/types-of-mental-health-problems/schizophrenia/ https://www.rethink.org/diagnosis-treatment/conditions/schizophrenia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizophrenia https://www.time-to-change.org.uk/about-mental-health/types-problems/schizophrenia I also love the following link - what a good idea it is to be able to portray an illness in the first person perspective. I'd love to hear how accurate it is from anyone that has the condition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pr8IyNGAqlw
175869656,Prove to me you have a balanced mind and I’ll show you your schizophrenic one thing I’ve learned I proved to myself proof is in the pudding
175869657,"For most of my life I have been trying to figure out why I'm not like other people, why the connection with others just isn't there. Beyond my (now) adult kids, I do not have, nor desire any close relationships as they are usually a waste of time, too complicated, or psychologically taxing. Even with my kids, I did not feel connection with them when they were little, but felt I was ""playing"" the part of their mother because it was what I was supposed to do. I love them, but it never felt like the genuine love that you see with some parents and their children. It has gotten better as they've grown up, but I wonder if it is just due to the fact that now they don't expect my attention? I can fake being social when I have to for my job, but beyond that, I'd rather be left alone. But there are times that I wouldn't mind another's company, as long as they didn't ask too much of me and could respect that I crave peace/quiet and to be left in my thoughts without being expected to share. One of the bigges
t challenges that I have is that since I am so quiet and reserved, people come to me with their problems all the time, even those I don't consider friends. They misinterpret my silence as non judgment, but in reality, I just dont have the emotional response that I'm sure they are looking for. I didnt cry when any of my grandparents passed, don't think I will when my parents do (although I have a good relationship with them) and had no real emotion when my children or grandchildren were born. But...I want that. I want to be able to feel connected to others, I want to be able to be genuine in my emotions towards people, but no matter what, its just not there. I hold no ill towards others, its just a ""nothingness"". I have no real question to ask, it's just been nice to look through this forum and see that I'm not the only one who feels these things."
175869658,"sz, life and channeling could be like a manipulated enigma of the wrap around blind spot gap between collective cloud and channel constantly distraction fishing for authority, definition and resources. it could be easier for sz sufferers to channel fluid bites with all edits and for the sz public to spectrum channel and for the authorities to niche channel as preference guidelines. an easier way to look at _NAME_ sz, telepathy and manipulation is that it could be like collective cloud right of way. if there was a cloud highway code for coping with wrap around channeling then sz could be a lot easier. it could help to keep poise with any perceived poison aspects procedure that often act like ballast as the aspects consequentiality algorithm effect threads all the overlapping threads that can often contradict edits with an inferred inferno of channeling."
175869659,Yeah I’m going to start walking again but I have issues with my hip. I need physio but I don’t find the energy to start working out.
175869660,i did the vocal sample on it and all the rest of course
175869661,"Literally all sciences are experimental. That's what makes them science. There is theory in science, for sure, but the whole point is to work the theory into empirically testable points. So...not a science. None of that is a part of any science faculty at any accredited institution or published in scientific journals. Not a science. I don't know what the ""one thought man"" garbage is a reference to, but honestly, reread your answer. It makes no sense. I don't know what kind of ""logic"" you translated my thoughts through, but your answer is not logical. Humans ARE Darwinian animals. And humans ARE real humans. And real humans are having real human relationships -- without you. And you are not having human relationships because humans aren't meeting your ideal. And I'm guessing that you're trying to find a way to justify/rationalize it using the contents of your collection of social science textbooks. I don't think it's going to work out for you."
175869662,I have many of those symptoms. So what is the best way to increase dopamine? Don’t antipsychotics decrease dopamine?
175869663,Yes I have severe memory- loss after my psychotic episodes. I even asked the doctor if I had Alzheimer’s but he said I was too young. Sometimes I get this unreal sensation when I try to think of the past. I don’t know why.
175869664,"In general, people with delusions (and with psychotic illnesses in general) don't have the kind of insight that you're describing. People with erotomania are 100% convinced that their delusion is true (which is why it's considered a delusion). The fact that you have a part who knows that another part of you is delusional is more indicative of dissociation. So is the fact that you have a very high-achieving aspect who could graduate high school early and initially manage a competitive nursing program. I'm just mentioning it because dissociative disorders mimic many other disorders and are often overlooked. It does sound like you had a psychotic break at one point, but severe stress can do that to someone with a dissociative disorder without it having to mean that there is a psychotic illness present. You may not have ADHD either, since dissociation can mimic that as well, and it's a common misdiagnosis. The fact that the antipsychotics aren't touching those symptoms is another point in favor of that 
hypothesis. It's likely that the professionals around you know even less about how dissociative disorders can present than they do about erotomania, so I guess I'd recommend trying to find a therapist who does know about them and describe your history so far to them (including the summary in this post). I could be completely wrong of course (being a random person on the internet ), but I doubt this idea has even been considered and it's worth looking at. Especially since, although you didn't go into early trauma, it can be inferred from your descriptions of your family that there was a lot of trauma and abuse (again I could be wrong, but those aren't kind, loving responses that you're describing). I wish you the best as you try to sort this out."
175869665,"I use the chrome browser, not the app and I have it on the right."
175869666,"ummm, you said above minimum wage, if you’re driving 20 miles, it should be $15/hr. or do you just want something to do to get out of the house?"
174372387,"My marriage finally came to an end, But the trauma I still go through on top of my son who passed away on top of their father, the schizophrenic who passed away, how do I get passed a 17 year marriage that revealed voices were heard for years and was believed to be me. Learning this opened my eyes to all the random dysfunction that took place for years, years of crying in my room, years of verbal, mental, emotionally and psychological abuse. My oldest son witnessed the most dysfunction, he grew up to be a very disturbed teen/adult, which later resulted in an OD, his father didn't even show up to his funeral, two years later his father passed away ....., since my sons passing, I have not been able to move forward ..."
175869668,"Do you have a banana? I know it sounds crazy, but hear me out. If you boil the banana (peel and all) in just enough water to cover it, ideally about 2 cups, for 15 minutes then discard the banana and drink the water, it might help. Sleep aids don’t work for me either, I suspect because of the ADHD, but when I was pregnant my perinatologist told me to try this and it worked about half the time."
175869669,Yes you definitely have gone through a lot! Stay strong. We are here for you!
175869670,"There’s very low quality but still feasible data that the bird-like hood of a plague doctor did provide a small amount of protection. Because of the stenches, they’d place pleasantly smelling things like flowers in the beak to escape the scent of death everywhere. That little bit of “insulation” may have actually helped at a time when no one knew about bacteria and viruses."
175869671,"Hello Trak8844, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself to your community and hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175869672,I think i am definitly going up my homes walls at this point…
175869673,"I had a theory about the 'voices' or subliminal harassment needing your location in order for it to be registered by the indeed victim or VH, as this would explain the sudden rise within cases like the one above, where people suddenly hear them during the lockdown and not any time before, you can be 50 or 5 now due to the lockdown almost X-File reality of this, had a letter from an organization stating that 14-year-olds have started to come into contact with the services, due to distressed parents calling in, I can remember way back into time, this was unheard of and differently rare, now you can be any age at all, since lockdown, strange times."
175869674,"Side note, I think telepathy is 100% capable for a lot of beings. Ego aside you can kind of listen to animals and they can pick up on whats on your mind and relate. Funny video I watched today, woman in her car driving by with a friend at some outside zoo and they were leaving and she says goodbye to the bear, waves, and he waved back. They know what's up. Then you have people like the pope. someone told me he knows every language. Havent fact checked it but i believe its possible. (He's that old right?) So people like this, i believe they communicate amongst one another, and communicate not through body language but at a telepathic basis. A lot of government officials i believe are like this. Extensive training for CIA and its a birth thing. Some people just have the connections. But hey find what you connect to that brings you peace Some people prefer plants, I like cats and very mellow people Stick to what brings you peace of mind"
175869675,"There has to be a receptor of a drug to latch on to for it to work. Cannabanoid yes. Many drugs work on serotonin. And dopamine. And some on ndma receptors some occurs naturally in the brain , well dmt. I found opioid receptors to be interesting apparently if you get hurt your body activates it’s opioid receptors and it works as a natural pain killer. Otherwise you’d feel more pain when you’re hurt…"
175869676,"I didn't fall asleep until very late I laid in bed for like 5 or 6 hours trying to sleep until I finally did... I was and still am so tired... i woke up about 15 minutes ago with the ""If i only had a brain"" song from the wizard of OZ stuck in my head. I even sang it out loud for a minute until I noticed my cat _PERSON_ staring at me wanting to go back to sleep... She just did. I'm so lucky to have a pet like her around she keeps me company. Now for some reason I just feel sad I even have tears running down the side of my face and I don't even know why. Maybe I'm just tired or maybe I dreamt about something or someone I miss. I remember now I had a dream with some family in it from San _NAME_. First I was with my Grandma and my Aunt in Little Italy talking and I walked into a Italian market looking for something to eat. On the way out I seen my cousin and spoke to her about her Dad my uncle that passed away when I was really young. Then I was with another Uncle one of my favorite people sitting so
mewhere talking and this guy threatened me. I turned to my Uncle and said ""I'm really worried about what he might do"" and I laughed. My uncle looked at me smiled and laughed too. There is no way we were ever afraid of anyone... Maybe I'm sad bcuz so many of the people in my dream have already passed away. Maybe I miss my family we were closer than any family I have ever seen. Maybe I miss San _NAME_ I lived there almost my whole life from the day I was born until I was 38 years old. I'll be 46 in a few days. Maybe it's all of that maybe its everything... I need to go back to sleep..."
175869677,"Hello sky17, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself and share some of your story with your community; we hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175869678,"Thank you for the reassurance I was wondering if you could elaborate a little. I would kind of like to know more in detail what scenarios you and your stuffed animals partake in. For me, I often imagine them taking care of or protecting me in a way. I am someone who puts a lot of emotional fuel into them that at time I am not able to show to other people because I am afraid of their reactions or lack there of could be. I usually partake in more simple scenarios with them. It could be at times because I can be complicated or think too much. So I kind of feel more comfortable with more simple thoughts with them."
175869679,"As my hair grows out from my self-trimmed ultra short pandemic cut, it looks more and more like _PERSON_ hair. Too bad I don’t also have _PERSON_ brain."
175869680,You need to meet with her physician. Speak with her nurse or whoever the charge nurse is. Call administration. Remember the old saying that the squeaky wheel gets the oil? Start making noise. Daily. Go up the chain of command. Best of wishes to you and your family.
175869681,"iol.co.za ’Being raised by a mother with schizophrenia was hard’ The journey is lonely and difficult to talk about because of the _USER_ID_ it carries and how poorly understood it is by our communities, says _PERSON_."
175869682,"Sorry, I didn’t mean 400mg of betaine. I meant a tablespoon of wheat bran weighs about 4 grams. 100 grams of wheat bran has somewhere around 400 mg per 100 grams. I’m thinking that’s going to be in the 20mg range of betaine for a tablespoon, but I just can’t do that math today I don’t know why."
175869683,I hear you. I feel like that sometimes but there’s no coming back once your gone. Can’t enjoy food anymore or anything else.
175869684,"All related to eachother , it's odd.. it's like you figure out the puzzle and you get treated like shit. I think that I'm done being schizophrenic. It's way to much work and I dont get paid enough to hear the sounds and voices that I hear , the hours are long and theres no benefits. I think if I still hear them then they're abusing me / torturing me.. a lot. -_PERSON_"
175869685,It’s rare to get any good advice on this forum. Most people are just trying to be nice which is fine…
175869686,I enjoy art so painting is a great distraction for me! Nice to meet you. I am new here also.
175869687,"Perphenazine has two separate things of benefit to us that it does. On the one hand, one gets a short term antianxiety effect, and on the other hand, one gets a long term antipsychotic effect. When I first started with Perphenazine, I was a drunk who puked a lot. But perphenazine stopped all that puking. Truly perphenazine is an antiemetic… Throughout my life, some woman has been taking my blood pressure and approvingly saying, “You must work out.” Actually, perphenazine lowers blood pressure. It is an antihypertensive, that is."
175869688,_AT_MENTION_ What’s app?
175869689,"Hey _AT_MENTION_ Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Volunteer Moderator _PERSON_"
175869690,So it is win-win and breaks the silent treatment routine.
175869691,I’m too lazy To do anything About my Avolition
175869692,Here is one interesting video about SEP-363856 New Drug For Schizophrenia #newsunoviondrug - YouTube
175869693,"Oh, no. I hate it"
175869694,Hi I want to thank you for sharing your story!! I really feel you should speak to a professional therapist. In no way do you have to share with anyone that you are seeking out mental health nor discuss your reasons why!!! People only know what you tell them. Hope you will consider talking to someone!!
175869695,"I try not to think about what I’m afraid of. But if I’m honest. My biggest fear is losing control again. I become very dangerous when I do. So I understand what you are saying. Paranoia, voices, unusual beliefs all suck."
175869696,Never is convenience in a marriage too many things going on either party to be devoted so much just to carry on
175869697,No psychosis as a side effect.
175869698,I’m glad u liked it - I know the more I learn helps me to understand others and myself better - better understanding leads to being more mindful sorry that it’s not easier with ur family (((_NAME_))) love and hugs - sun
175869699,"it is depressing me, and driving me abit bonkers… i have nothing to knock me out atm… except a little less than a pint of _NAME_ wiskey , dont worry i dont drink it ever…"
175869700,"I can climb that mountain, because my God is with me."
175869701,"i agree, collating and corroborating experiences could be worthwhile. i focus on speculative ideas but understand the docs have got to start somewhere."
175869702,"Tried it. Had someone try to use it against me to harm me professionally and personally. They didn’t succeed, but the episode left such a bad taste in my mouth that I leave the open advocacy to others now. I constantly have people on my back to “come out” given my level of function."
175869703,I was talking to people on tinychat and they're saying to get a girlfriend and I said I'm asexual but might when I'm older and finished working on myself first. I just don't want to be in a relationship I'd rather be alone. There's this person that has been giving me advice and he says I'm lost and need to find something like a passion or something worth dying and living for but I have no idea I've been depressed most of my life and see a pointlessness to a lot of things. He said to stay away from religion but I don't need religion and I'm way passed that and idk.. I never saw the point of people dying for their country.. He said I could end up a serial killer but there's no way that I could be that. I love people and have my own basic passable morals more than most people. He was accusing me of thinking of hating women because I said that I'm asexual and I said that I'm not an incel that has been rejected by women. I just never wanted a boyfriend or girlfriend in the first place. He said that I cou
ld easily end up being angry and that anger is bad. I don't get angry because I'm not lost. I'm sick of people putting me into boxes and assuming things about me. I wasn't moving because I was anxious and he was judging my body language. Am I actually lost? I know exactly who I am. I just don't like talking about sex because it's boring and that's a lot of what people seem to talk about. I'm sick of people judging me because I don't want to have sex. I tried every drug and no one else does. I don't tell them to do that exact thing. They wanted me to join a sports team like wtf? Why? That makes me anxious because it's pointless to me to do something that I don't want to do to make friends. I'd rather have no friends or find friends that do things that I do like. I went to the community outreach centre when I moved here and didn't feel like doing any of the things that people do to socialize. They all seemed boring and childish. Maybe I should just be cynical. Maybe life is just what I thought it was all along 
when I was diagnosed with schizotypal personality disorder.. Life is a meaningless game to procreate and die. Not for me though. Maybe for most people that is all they see.
175869704,"Ah, goodnight. 15"
175869705,I feel very tired. I've had a busy day. I'm waiting on groceries at the moment. Then I will go to bed. I need sleep.
175869706,"I feel sooo good today. No drugs. Gonna write a list of things to do - Today is my day. Yesterday was an integration day to screw up and be lazy. Sitting in the living room right now very bright sunny day. I had a really good sleep. I'm like in the perfect mental state - No anxiety, dissociation, agitation, depression, psychosis, apathy/anhedonia, tiredness/fatigue etc just nice. I get the Invega Trinza injection in 2 weeks."
175869707,It’s very unusual that a full blown sz/sza can ever go without meds and remain asymptomatic. Sorry for the double negatives. I can’t understand them either.
175869708,Second shot was a week ago. One more week to 98% immunity!
174374061,"What to say to your voices: If they say they are demons etc, say there is no such thing (which there isn't). Say ""you have a syphilitic type infection"": Parent disease: Sexually transmitted infection Causes: Treponema pallidum. State - ""You don't necessarily have syphilis, but an infection that closely resembles it. Why don't you read some _PERSON_, such as 'On The Genealogy Of Morals' or 'Beyond Good & Evil', and notice the similarity between your statements and questions (what you say), and mine!"" [Ideally, the best way to prove this is for you (the schizophrenic), to keep or record 1st person transcripts, quote unquote what gets said between you and your voices (AVH)]. My voices (AVH) can't argue with this hypothesis. If I ever use ATS, my voices make pornography. One of my voices (_PERSON_) says she gets a commission for organizing them. Sometimes, if I purchase pornographic DVD's, I see people I have met in them, just as they say. I don't have prosopagnosia. This fact makes me want despera
tely to commit suicide. I was fertilized in a pornographic movie, and I hate it. I have seen the one, featuring my father, and two women, one is my mother. I do not approve, despite my behavior."
175869709,"Not good, why are you skipping meds?!"
175869710,"Could one of these be the name that escaped you: Ginko Bilboa, Indian Ginseng, or St _NAME_'s Wort? Problems with herbs are preparation, specific safe dosage, and knowing actual, definitive benefit."
175869711,"Well until this year's arguments the prior break ups were more my fault although he took a very long time to reengage after them. Apart from those times he used to spend so much time with me in a way other people don't. As he is less focused on sex, he always made me feel he liked me for me. He was a major support for me from the day I graduated medical school throughout the training that followed. I used to get a lot of companionship from the relationship and it was worth some of the hard then but the anger issues and isolation are getting more severe. I have two dogs and a cat. All very very needy animals actually lol even the cat."
175869712,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ How is decreasing dopamine different from blocking it? In both cases there is reduction of dopamine function so should be similar side effects.
175869713,Update update update!! Just got my second dose today!! This ????? is fully vaccinated and ready to take on the world
175869714,I can see you
175869715,"Today I think I states things well enough , It reads that when I think of people it does to make it to where we can hear one another's thoughts or the sounds of one another's thoughts. This is a permanent choice , if I change my mind about it I write it here or the mental health forum."
175869716,Yeah thanks I hope I get better very soon off this medication. I also have high prolactin levels and no menstrual cycle
175869717,"Been stable almost two years. Living on my own 6 months, working my job over a year. Have a financial plan to repay debt. Seeing my daughter consistently. Going to therapy individual and group regularly. Life is going well. Developing new goals, and living life."
175869718,"Dream night 04/12/19 through 04/13/19 Death or leading to it (edited: frequent comas), helpless at every wake pause in dream but not waking up physically every time self getting worse and ultimately guessing correctly when I was to pass. Note: Some sort of liquid in a phase doctors to enter hospital. Next dream after waking physically and recounting what happened I go back to sleep almost like a sequel where almost seems like I received a new body while washing cars and feeling new. Note: This is what i recall categorized as a ""best dream"" feeling drag through the day feeling good. 04-15-19 Song ""Music saved my life"" by _NAME_, B.O.B, and _PERSON_ said ""_NAME_"" when I read it on FB. 04-18-19 Song ""I gotta stay fly"" by 3 6 mafia said ""drank in my cup"" as I was discussing a ""concrete heart"" regarding monster (energy drink). 04-18-19 Song ""I'm on 3.0"" by _PERSON_ Truth where rapper _PERSON_ finished his verse (my favorite) as I finished exactly doing sit ups. 04-18-19 Song ""Me and Jesus 
the pimp in a '79 Granada last night"" by the Coup said ""Jesus"" when I concluded pulling something from nothing (I was on Spotify and this was the first time hearing it). 04-18-19 Song ""_NAME_'s Heart"" by _NAME_ said ""take this cookie one day I'll do the time"" when I grabbed a package of ramens deciding to eat. 04-25 through thee 26th 2019 Dream about liquor (Hennessy) only to find out later I was carrying it at [redacted] in sleep. 04-26-19 Term ""Mind Twister"" unlike tongue twister 04-26-19 Song ""Candy Rain"" by Soul for Real said ""candy coated rain drops"" when I toasted a energy drink. 04-27-19 Song ""American Dream"" by _PERSON_, _NAME_, _NAME_ said ""Turn up the cake"" when I went to turn up the volume. 04-27-19 Song ""It's Goin' Down"" by _PERSON_ said ""It's Goin' Down"" when I pulled down my coat. 05-03-19 Song ""#grindmode"" by YG, 2 Chains, _PERSON_ said something about envelopes the same day I bought some (reason being no quotes). 05-04-19 Song ""Bring you down"" by _PERSON_ said ""vapors
"" when I was forcing out gas (flatulence). 05-06-19 Video ""How hard can you hit a golf ball"" on YouTube said ""potatoe gun"" when I said it the day before. 05-08-19 Video ""What if you pour 9,999,999 Liters of Nitrogen into the sun"" on YouTube showed a light bulb just shortly of I changing one today. 05-13-19 Note to reiterate: Sub Conscious is thee Over Soul. 05-16-19 Only reason I keep my FB is because of thee ""Marketplace"" autos but with thee GT I hope and login everytime that thee GT don't go away. Oh as of my bad habit (drinking energy drinks: ""Monsters"") not everyday but in increments/pacing, speeds up time seemingly obviously. 05-17-19 Looked down on YouTube and saw a song by ColdPlay as I sipped my ""cold"" beer (btw I am done with beer now). 05-21-19 In the bathroom in a conversation with Will and he says ""nothing but stupid s***"" as I flushed the toilet. Note: new spin on old readings. Rhymes: Cardio - Car Audio Y & - wide end (Funny reading on a sign read incorrectly purposefully) 05-25-1
9 Will said ""I hate walking"" when the song ""Same Ol Song"" by _PERSON_ said ""walking"" at the same time. 05-25-19 Song ""Can't be the only one"" by _PERSON_ said ""dreams"" while in discussion with Will about a _NAME_ with a sound system in it for the future I'm hoping to do. 05-25-19 Walking, listening to Spotify, looked at one clock (analog) and said 24 and 37 minutes (drivers _NAME_ countdown) and then I walked in the kitchen and the microwave clock read 123. 05-25-19 ""Athiestically"" (made up word but it exists because I just said it lol) 05-25-19 ""I feel the room"" (metaphorically) 05-25-19 Is it anxiety? or is anxiety a face word on the hidden truth of an oversoul unknown that I have discovered with Will? 05-27-19 ""For lack of a better 'introduction'"", my schizophrenia talks back. 05-27-19 Remembered looking at a photo of _NAME_ (my bro) and a cut down Xmas tree because he is strong like that then I see a wall decoration saying ""Iron"". 05-27-19 Song ""Manis"" by HDBeenDope said ""grave"" when 
I pulled my 4th monster from the fridge thinking about _NAME_ death. 05-27-19 Thought about what Will and I's ""mark"" online when we do and saw the clock at 11:11 meaning ""won, won, won, won."
175869719,Good deal. It just let’s us know when you guys need us. Otherwise we may may miss it
175869720,_AT_MENTION_ That’s really good. I do no physical activity at All atm. Lost complete willpower to even go for walks atm.
175869721,I think that it could have been me. The only difference is that I’m on medication and they are not.
175869722,"_NAME_, Good to know that your husband is able to get to sleep on 20 mg. Melatonin he buys over the net on Amazon. In addition to my doctor medicine, Lithium stabilizer and Mirtazapine anti-depressant, which is for my bipolar, I also need something extra to get to sleep. It is, 7 mg. of Melatonin, taken about an hour before bedtime, or whenever I start feeling groggy. I then take an 8th, 1 mg. of Melatonin, as sort of a time release situation. (I think they do have a time release version of Melatonin.) If I wake up at 4 or 5 a.m. and can't get back to sleep, I can take another 1 mg. of Melatonin. _NAME_, above, said that he gets to sleep on 6 mg Melatonin and 800 mg Valerian Root, which is sold at health food and maybe grocery stores and on the net. In addition to that to get to sleep, he has high praises above for Celexa, which I think is an anti-depressant that also helps with anxiety. And since this is an anxiety forum and _NAME_ is on it, I think it must help with anxiety, as well as probably d
epression. about Celexa he says above, ""i have been so well mentality that i havnt needed to come here -lol. dr increased my dose of celexa and i am doing well on it."" For those who don't like Melatonin, _NAME_ notes, ""i didnt realize Power to Sleep is also aval without melatonian till i saw a bottle at walmart and checked label. it should work well according to the ingredients even with out the melantoian."" Power to Sleep, with or without Melatonin, is also sold at health food stores, and maybe grocery in the health food section, and over the net. My psychiatrist says none of the health foods have been tested, but when I asked her for a sleep aid her eyes went blank. She named one doctor medicine that I had taken before that was horrible, and I think a second one, and I realized, she doesn't have anything for sleep. What is this called, pooling of information? All from this one thread. This is _PERSON_ thread, but without _PERSON_, except for her starting it. She said, ""Hi There, ""Having sleep issues l
ately. Stopped melatonin so dint refill. ""Deep anxiety is back. ""So sad."" Cilly, hello. Are you taking anything for your depression and anxiety? _NAME_ was having good luck with Celexa. Have you tried that for depression and anxiety? Oh, and thanks for starting the thread. And as _NAME_ used to say at the end of her posts, and _NAME_ Boy at the end of each TV show, The Waltons: Good night, _PERSON_. Good night, _NAME_. Good night, _NAME_. Good night, _NAME_.Post Edited (_NAME_) : 4/22/2021 1:23:42 PM (GMT-6) More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175869723,"Nope, the Netherlands"
175869724,"Hey _NAME_, my son is Schizo-affective. And I will say to you what he and I talk about. I’m probably old enough to be a mom figure anyway. Don’t criticize yourself or play the blame game or feel guilty. Start a daily routine. This may take time to do but start by doing the same things everyday. Whatever it is for you. _PERSON_ help. Accept and Love yourself no matter what. When you have a paranoid thought question that thought and ask yourself ( and make this part of your routine) is this real? Is what I’m thinking or feeling make sense? Take time to question things and talk with someone you trust. Find several outlets of support. And know that someone cares. I support you and I care. _PERSON_"
175869725,"_AT_MENTION_, this forum is a little slow but a lot of us who have schizoaffective disorder also hang out on the Schizophrenia forum. You might try there. There's a roll call post that you can just jump into and talk about anything that is on your mind. I have a hard time fitting in too. I am finding as I am getting older that it is not as hard though. I volunteer once a month at a food bank and everyone is happy to see me. I am able to work and I don't stick out like a sore thumb too much at work. It helps that I mostly work by myself in my office. I'm sorry it feels like you've gone through the ringer. Mental health treatment and mental health issues can do that to a person, from my own experience. I hope that you will talk here more and begin to feel as though you are not alone on this journey called life. There's several of us who have been there, and are still there and are just making it day to day. HUGS my friend, if okay, _PERSON_"
175869726,Do you think you can hold out till Monday?
175869727,Done! Usual price is a couple of pictures of cats!
175869728,"i have lyrica 75 mg they dont work an old bottle of melatonine, but it wakes me up worse."
175869729,to help with frustrating tail chasing and any herding into the shallows it could be easier to have apt expectations. one plus two equals question mark could be both the question and the apt enough answer. the same applies with trying to get to the source of any remote manipulation or telepathy. to help theoretical integrity i see it as two extremes to each interpretation rather than two sides to each story. the authorities and public could keep doing what they're doing now but with expectations that could help consequential influence and the climate more.
175869730,"i aint singing about california, or where i want to be. somewhere sitting beside the ocean, staring out at sea no im somewhere in the middle, and it’s as lonesome as can be. the world’s never cared about us, it’s just something to go see. so i play the hand i’ve been dealt, the best i know how. but my desire never leaves me, and i dream about the sea. i aint singing about california, or where i want to be. somewhere sitting beside the ocean, staring out at sea."
175869731,I'm drinking tonight....got my uncle's funeral on Monday.
175869732,I could never read recreationally and go to college too. I took some classes and did well. I could never go to college and work too.
175869733,If there’s money to be made.
175869734,Naltrexone I take 25 mg in the morning and 25 mg at night. I’ve been on it 5 1/2 years. Treated my addiction issues among other things it’s the best med for me with not really any side effects besides nausea when I first started it. I give it a 10/10
175869735,Starting to have delusions again. Took an extra tercian in case. Made a cool piano thing with my little 2 octave keyboard. Sold the other one. Hope you enjoy!
174375246,"Hello schizoaffective_Lemur1, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about sleepiness as a side effect in this community. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=sl... We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175869736,mine tell me stuff like Possible trigger: you're going to die
175869737,Another common one is using mouthwash with alcohol in it and getting a false positive on a drink driving test. In the UK they take you back to the station for a blood test to make sure.
175869738,I don't know why my previous post were delete. Is there something wrong with Telegram group link? Its for a good reason. 123456 More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health
175869739,"Why should i live longer? Nothing good comes out of this life. I’m not a pessimist, but objectively I have nothing good in my life."
175869740,"I have not noticed any of these things, so I guess that's good haha. I would agree this is paranoia, I just wanted to know if it could be a sign of an impending psychotic episode and advice on how to calm it down, or see if anyone else struggles with these thoughts. Thank you for your reply!"
175869741,It's really important to keep you and your baby healthy and safe first and foremost I would encourage him to see his GP to get a psych referral...... There is good help for paranoid schizophrenia and good meds to help to control the paranoia Big hug.... I'm glad that you have some support... I hope that he will start to be treated soon....xo
175869742,"Manic-Depression Misconception What one patient-advocate wants treatment providers to know. Manic-depression, or bipolar disorder, is one of the most misdiagnosed conditions in psychiatry. Part of the problem, as noted in yesterday's post, is that the term bipolar has been watered down to an adjective for moody. Anyone who has worked in mental health can tell you that if someone's symptoms are erratic and involve mood changes, an (inappropriate) bipolar diagnosis may be on the way. As the title of _NAME_ book, Not Just Up and Down, tells us, it's, well, not simply up and down moods. Using the term manic-depression is much more descriptive and could help practitioners stop and think about what they're looking at before any knee-jerk diagnosis is applied. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/and-running/202011/manic-depression-misconception-0 love and hugs - sun"
175869743,Business is booming tonight! Anyone else want a new/changed tagline? Open for business for at least a couple more hours!
175869744,"_PERSON_, Hello and welcome to HealingWell ! Unfortunately, you have posted on an older thread that has not had any activity since last year. We do ask new members to take the time to post an introduction of their own in a new thread so that all members will see it and be able to extend a warm welcome aboard to you. I look forward to getting to know you better. Kindly, _PERSON_"
175869745,Wow! I must admit I thought you just meant highly sensitive as an adjective and that you weren't describing a measured phenomenon with actual material on it. I had no idea that being highly sensitive (which I would definitely qualify as) was so prevalent. So interesting. I can't believe neither of my 2 psychiatrists nor my former mental health therapist ever mentioned such a thing to me. I was looking for a book so I could read up a little more. Any recommendations? Thanks again for your insight.
175869747,I have a therapist and counselor i will talk to them about it.
175869748,I receive my second shot in 2 weeks. Hoping I don’t get the 'rona in the meantime…
175869749,U should see the old OxyContin commercials from the late 90s acting like it’ll save all your problems in some miracle way. All the people in the commercial had serious drug problems and their lives were destroyed. Since this company has been sued a lot I think it’s Purdue pharma in the USA. Sure people get addicted just the old fashion way of trying drugs recreationally too but most is because of misunderstanding of these drugs. And yes economics + greed too
175869752,Well that’s not much. Maybe you better try the sleep aid tonight.
175869753,Hi kimsie interesting reading on your son my son has schizophrenia I have tried my son on various vitamin recommended by walsh protocol but no luck will try your vitamin supplements let you know thanks val
175869754,"I often think, when I get sick of life, I'd like to just go wander the earth looking for adventure. I'd set up a webservice that I could update with a log of everything I did, and if I ever failed to make an update for too long, maybe a year, it would automatically send my family the entire story of my absence. I always thought it was a romantic notion but whenever I float the idea people think it's pretty awful."
175869755,Some countries ban poppy seeds for this reason
175869756,There’ll be more likes and more flaggs…
175869757,Sounds like a troll too asking so many questions without answering us.
175869758,"The medical director/head doctor called me. She wants me to take some of my Thorazine in the meantime until my doctor is back, and she said if I don’t sleep again tonight to call her tomorrow Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
174376027,"Hi, It thanks for sharing your story. I also have been diagnosed by different doctors as having schizophrenia/schizoaffective...most recently Schizoaffective (Bipolar 1) so it sounds like we have something in common. I agree, it is awful to see how mental illness is treated by the media and the news. People with psychosis being mistreated and even killed by police. I know someone who was having a psychotic episode but was calm and decided to go to the hospital for an inpatient stay. Instead of driving her there, her friends called the police and she was dragged out of her dorm in handcuffs. When people shoot up a school or theatre, there is always that talk of ""history of mental illness."" When in fact people with mental disorders or disability are more likely to become victims of violence (which includes police violence). The entertainment industry doesn't help either. From movies like Split, Suicide Squad, which demonize mental illness and don't accurately portray it, to tv shows where villains 
are clearly suffering some sort of mental illness, usually psychosis, and are treated as dangerous and/or insane (think how Arkham Asylum is portrayed in Batman media). And I agree - even neighbors and people in our lives can be controlled by the _USER_ID_ and it influences the way they treat us. Ignoring us like we don't exist, asking ignorant and ableist questions, to shunning those with mental illness in our communities (for example, homeless people and those living in poverty who can't afford mental health care). Something needs to change. And it hurts my heart to see how poorly people are treated due to _USER_ID_."
175869759,"If you consider yourself to be vulnerable, then you probably shouldn't smoke cannabis. You may want to try CBD instead, I know it works for pain but have never tried for anxiety. There are two main kinds of cannabis. Indica and Sativa. The sativa is more apt to make you paranoid or anxious. It has a stimulant quality to it. The Indica is more of a body type relaxation buzz and doesn't have the stimulant effect. Most people who want energy smoke sativa, but it can give you anxiety. People who want to relax smoke indica. Though with certain people they can get paranoid off of any type of cannabis. I believe if you already have anxiety you can get anxiety. It is just not for you. Hope you find something to help. I would give CBD a shot if you are interested, it has no THC in it. THC is what gives you the psychoactive result. Hugs again, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
175869760,"Strangely, I don't really have a problem with short conversations with a variety of people. I can deal with surface interactions. It's when people know me for a long time that they can see something is off. But probably it's a good idea to find a way to decompress. I know that takes a long time for me, and if I am forced to engage longer than my limits, I really feel it. I like really long walks myself, very late at night to sort of feel like the world is just mine for a time."
175869761,"I used to, but I've decided that the anxiety around having to explain myself if I see them again was worse."
175869762,Hi Welcome to the forum. Anxiety can cause all sorts of physical symptoms including the ones you mention. I would do all you can through self help to reduce your anxiety we have some good links in our resources section so take a look. _PERSON_
175869763,"Currently, I have not been diagnosed by anyone telling me I have SPD, but I think I have the disorder. I really don't have the mental capacity or the willingness within me to even care about myself and what other people are feeling: as far as I'm concerned, it's a black and white world with no vibrancy. I have very little emotional response, and very little can affect me. I also have been unofficially diagnosed with an anxiety disorder as well, but I have the feeling that there is something else in play, as I have no friends whatsoever and like to be alone, with very little emotional response. What were your symptoms before you were diagnosed? TLDR: backstory with what my symptoms are."
175869764,"How you deal with it is really dependent on you. I'm not saying people can't help you figure it out, but some more detail may help. People with anxiety don't all experience the same symptoms and much of the research on mental health has left more questions than answers. What do you mean you don't get through the day? I definitely would have trouble trying to get through the day without being anxious. What works for me is accepting my anxiety and trying to work through it. Exercise is also really helpful like the other commenter mentioned."
175869765,Good night!241415
175869766,Can i get a tagline too please? i want it to say: You are in real life when you are dreaming. I offer this picture of a kitten in space. image900×599 150 KB
175869767,"9-22-19 Note: People fuck with it and said it ""evolutes"" 9-22-19 Song ""No Days Off"" by _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ said ""don't flip the page"" when I was deliberating writing lyrics today. 9-24-19 Note: coincidences compared to synchronizations as ""time readings"" are specific. 9-24-19 Note: gave up on getting anything from the SSA then I get an update to my bank account. 9-26-19 Song ""How We Roll"" by Big _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ said ""I think your crew should know"" as where fingers pointed. 9-26-19 Song ""Chain Music"" by _PERSON_ said ""free lunch"" when I decided about going homeless to pay everybody back. 9-26-19 Song ""Bigger Business"" by _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, Baby, _NAME_, and TQ said ""diamonds"" when I was thinking about future semiconductor technology. 9-29-19 Song ""I Juswanna Chill by Large Professor said ""hotter than a sauna"" as I took off my sweat shirt. 9-29-19 Song ""All For the Love"" by The Lox said ""women"" when I thought about women with breast cancer. 9-30-19 Song ""M
y Life"" by _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ said ""my life"" when I was thinking about killing a spider. 9-30-19 Song ""The Never"" by _PERSON_ said ""the journeys forever"" when paused from pacing my home in discussion with Will. 9-30-19 Video ""2019.06.09 - An Unpleasant Future awaits - _NAME_"" said ""overpopulation"" at 16:44 when I wrote it down too pertaining a song idea. 10-1-19 Song ""De Ja"" by _PERSON_ said ""started"" as I wrote on an application. 10-1-19 Song ""I'm Still Fly"" by Page and _NAME_ said ""I dare anybody try and cut my wings"" when I picked up a pair of scissors to use. 10-2-19 Song ""God MC"" by _PERSON_ said ""artificial"" when I thought about the realtor forging my signature. 10-2-19 Note: The art of refresh 10-2-19 Song ""Head Bussa"" by _PERSON_ and _NAME_ said ""takin no shit"" when I got off the toilet verifying I couldn't go."
175869768,_AT_MENTION_ _PERSON_ I read an article about magic mushrooms helping depression. I wonder if they do help. I’m not encouraging people take magic mushrooms though.
175869769,I wish it was payday so I could buy stocks and put money in savings. Almost at $900 in savings! Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175869770,"Well, this one is already in human testing. With fairly good results so far but I believe just in phase 2 now."
175869771,I feel terrible this evening after drinking alcohol. It's like my brain is drained of feel good chems.
175869772,Cant get vaccinated yet in france. They said itll be available to all adults june 15th i think
175869773,"What is the significance of the bolded part below? Furthermore, SEP-856 was effective in preventing the hyperactivity induced by an acute injection of phencyclidine (PCP), but not of d-amphetamine (AMPH)"
175869774,*mod _USER_ID_*
175869775,With all the work that’s piled on me oh how I wish I was lazy seems like a dream that never comes true in the world of hectic and crazy
175869776,No I've not been tried on that. I will bring it up to my psychiatrist when I see him next month. Thank you.
175869777,"My family member just had a baby and suffers from postpartum psychosis. She was involuntary committed into a psychiatric facility and the only contact we have with her is through phone calls. They wont let her see her baby or even arrange zoom calls so we can talk to her. She is completely isolated and not getting better. To make the matters worse, another patient hit her yesterday, we were not notified of the incident. Her episodes have gotten worse after the incident and we don't know what to do. We would like to get her out of that hospital but she was involuntary committed even though she is not aggressive or suicidal. What can we do as her family to ensure her safety and better medical care?"
175869778,I’m spent Thinking about getting on switch but I want a new game
175869779,"So what's the right way to go about getting help , for the relief that you deserve? Let's say your on medicine , and taking it like you're suppose to..and nothing changes..then what exactly are you suppose to say or think to protect your own interests? Because if the medicine is not working then it's obviously not a mental illness. But if it's not a mental illness then it should listen to what you want to hear , shouldn't it?"
175869780,Truth
175869781,"Hey folks, Long time reader, occasional poster. 35/M, GAD 20mg lexapro daily. This is the first time in a long time that I’ve hit the point where I need to post. This past Friday I had a fall, long story short I ended up with a concussion. I woke up in the hospital and was released just a little bit later. They ran tests, CT, spine X-ray, etc. They said I’m good and sent me on my way. I have an appointment this Saturday with my doctor as a follow up. But of course, I did some unnecessary reading and now I’m freaking out that I may not be fine and could just suddenly die. I feel like I’m getter better. No headaches or anything just kind of blah I guess. Never fails though. I read that oh you might be fine after and this is the “lucid” stage and could just suddenly hemorrhage. I’m certainly not looking for medical advice, again I have a follow up soon. It’s lose/lose though. I’m worried cause it’s still days away and even then I’m sure they’ll want to send me for tests and who 
knows when that’ll be or when I’ll get results. On the other hand, even if I get the OK I’m now just going to feel like a ticking time bomb. My own stupid fault for jumping on google. Wasn’t going to and have been really good about not doing it, this was one of my issues that I take lexapro for - overthinking and obsessing over these kind of things. This sucks man. Thanks for taking a read. Just needed to get that of my chest cause it’s consuming me."
175869782,"I did all my Statistics stuff! I sort of half-assed the final project, but even if I get a zero the lowest grade I can possibly get overall is an 81. If I get an 80 or better on the final project, I will definitely get an A. I am confident I have at least an 80."
175869783,"Yeah, some asian language would be cool to try for sure too. Japanese, Chinese or Mongolian? Good idea!"
175869784,Hi Can I ask what you mean by 'create conversion symptoms of a pretty large variety'? _PERSON_
175869785,I already take clozapine. An extra dose is prn
175869786,"I have too, Just changed my username …I have been here for AGES. whatever. like thanks."
175869787,"In the general lines, it does sounds like it. Its not as bad as the rest of your family, so that is the good part. The bad part is that you might have to figure out your limitations and be less reckless."
175869788,"When I was young, my grandmother handmade a teddy for me. I never felt as though it was animated however I did feel a presence within it. I had a routine when I put myself to bed where I would have to turn all my stuffed toys around so they wouldn't look at me while I was sleeping but this particular bear would give me this intense feeling of dread to the point where I was locked in my room screaming to get out just to be away from it. I was not allowed out and remember vividly a five year old's attempt to commit suicide which did not work out, obviously. I also had a porcelain doll (I had many, to be fair on this subject) that also, I felt, had a certain benevolent presence to it."
175869789,"I guess you will get lucky based on where you go. As for me, I got lucky... I went wildly delusional on a bike ride from noon till it got dark out which was the summer, I think like 9 pm. Ended up at a strangers house asking to be took to a particular hospital because my symptoms gotten worse. I have been there before on a suicide attempt but was took to a different location, same company. The second visit, they just asked me what I thought I had and I told them schizophrenia. So that stuck with me and the wild bike ride to no where helped reinforce my story. The delusions at the time were the belief of talking to g-d when I turned my head... want to say left and the devil, the opposite side. Wasnt much hallucinations at the time but more thought injection I now understand. What then (2010) was mild schizophrenia with a shot in the dark decision has developed into actual hallucination both auditory and visual though it only happens, well used to 1-2 times a month. At that, was a series of hallucina
tions per day. Oddly, I would get hallucinations on the night after I received the injection regardless if it was Invega or Abilify. I theorized it was a intelligent disorder. What really reinforced the intelligence is the day in 2010 that it had spoken verbally, meaning out loud. Ever since I talk to it and we have made a close relationship as I no longer experience hallucination as frequent more or less because I started to lie to my psychiatrist about it. Saying that I was all good now. As for it speaking verbally, it took sometime to build up its language skills to what they are, fluent now. Not sounding out as much as creating phrases and making new ones every once in a while. The first phrase I remember it saying is ""were working on it"" which now I understand is my dreams. It does not speak in phrases anymore and creates sentences normally but easily distinguished from myself as like tongue twisting, with words on meanings on top of meanings that easily confuse me. My advice for you is to stay out of 
trouble or they will take your illness and brand you with it for as long as... currently for the crime I committed, until 2017, but of course I mean it will be different for anybody. Luckily I had the illness before the crime committed and I got NGRI. No joke, I dont brag about it either because it sucks to be under conditional release (like probation) with rules I have to follow. Not saying you should do anything crazy but... usually an involvement with authority and the scenario of the conflict will determine if you really have an illness. So really if I would/could redo it I would keep it to myself and again get branded with it. Mainly because people treat you differently unless your illness really impairs you to the point that it interferes with daily routine (guidelines for disability here in the US), its not really worth the trouble of getting people to take notice or people to know period (not trying to sound like your trying to get attention)."
175869790,Classic beat by souls of mischief Well now it’s that a billion plus 1
175869791,Om’s been here for years. You’re like a week old.
175869792,"So, how come perfectly reasonable threads are closed for no apparent reason, other than being temporarily off topic, and yet a thread dedicated to talking about religion is left alone? This place seems pathologically opposed to people talking to each other. Strange really, considering its nature."
175869793,"Sorry, no need for a telegram chat group on the Forums. 123456 More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175869794,or wait to talk to doctor
175869795,I took 3 prn meds. I am stoned now
175869796,I had a rough day at work today. People were so rude for no reason it seems like. I work in retail and it is hard to manage the place while keeping everyone happy. It is especially hard in these times for everyone. COVID has changed our lives in so many ways. It makes me upset when people are so rude and unkind to retail workers. We are risking our lives to make sure that people have the food and necessities they need and I just wish people would understand that. It makes me sad the world we live in today. So much is going on in the world and I just wish people were more loving and understanding. I just really needed to vent today.
175869797,"“God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, The courage to change the things I can, And the wisdom to know the difference.” And dear God, while you’re at it, could you grant me four new tires for my car?"
175869798,Hi Prew Welcome back to the forum I’m good how’s you? _PERSON_
175869799,"I’m not sure what they mean by schizophrenics describing them as more vague. Mine are distinctly one male, the other female. The male voice has told me he is 38 years old. The voices are persistent enough, with absolute Clarity that I can easily picture what they might look like. Though I do not have visual hallucinations, it’s just my mind constructing a model"
175869800,"I can prove, scientifically, that people in democracies perish. They don't get any babies and each generation has a deficit. For me democracy is Titanic, and democrats people playing in the orchestra. I can imagine many societies which are better than democracy (or communism) and I know a true friend will never let you fall down. I've experienced mobbing many times in my life. But I have never experienced to be mobbed by smart people. It is always bad pupils in the school. So, how comes all that? Yet, those smart people have not helped me but stood aside and watched silently. If I now do the same about their petty emotions (and in emotions are fears) then did they not deserved it? If someone declares against democracy or communism, he becomes my best friend. Yet, who dares? Are modern people not just simply too meek, senseless and without a clue about the economy of losses vs gains?"
175869801,"Hi all Had a nice day out with my daughter today. We went to a flea market and did a little antiquing in 2 different towns with an abundance of those kinds of shops. I didn't buy anything because my husband is having me do a major purge of ""stuff"" because he wants to downsize and move. We had lunch out-her treat because this was my mother's day present. The weather was gorgeous. Hope you are all well. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175869802,"To be clear, my intention wasn't to argue the topic of religion or the post, and _USER_ID_ what others believe. I just wanted to make sure people don't feel mocked for talking about their symptoms. I'm good now though and can leave the post as it is."
175869803,your right i probabbly shoulda went to er
174377621,"""Voices"" that can take executive control of your body, and who have their own opinions and feelings--those do not sound at all like hallucinations. They sound like alters--dissociated identities. Has anyone ever assessed you for a dissociative disorder rather than assuming that these are symptoms of schizophrenia? The treatment is completely different, so getting an accurate diagnosis would be very important. You're describing a sense of these identities being in an internal world, doing specific activities, and having their own feelings. Or am I misunderstanding you and you think these are real people external to you who are somehow controlling you? That kind of perception would be more consistent with schizophrenia."
175869804,You ok _AT_MENTION_ ? …
175869805,"This is fantastic, I wish you nothing but success."
175869806,Lately I was feeling and thinking that my friends may be demons. Now they invited me for coffee. Should i go? I don’t trust my self around others.
175869807,"Hi, yeah I can understand both of your perspectives here, Legion was a complex one. It refers to a _NAME_/Army as a hierarchy of Hell or the underworlds dead. And also the Hive-Mind of torture of Gang Stalking and of the Diabolic trapped spirits who reside there. There is an occult hint to being Gang Stalked or Tagged or Hexxed even as they are the same! Though at the end of the day we are being illegally monitored and tortured by real sickos and would need to be regarded as relaying our experiences of it! I can fully understand everything on this page!"
175869808,Some words are but most not. Thanks for listening.
175869809,"I learned to read after getting sz at age 16 and had not gone to high school. It was really, really difficult and took a long time. I quit many times and then tried again and again. I looked through countless books till I could find ones I could read. I had no concentration, I had never tried at school. I love to read."
175869810,OMG it is in the same spot on my computer
175869811,It’s also the ethical thing to do
175869812,That's a lot of emotional and physical abuse. You may want to look into seeing a therapist who has experience with prolonged and repetitive childhood trauma.
175869813,What about the nature of love relationships? I am a failure at the dating game. Sorry for sounding like _NAME_ here.
175869814,All my figures are rooted deep in the memories of the subconscious. nightmares and realities merging to form some monster in the walls of my childhood house. squirrels used to live in them. scratching behind our heads as we tried to watch our shows. scratch scratch scratch. like demons attempting to frighten me but i was already frightened. already ready to believe in ghosts tormenting me. ghosts... i feared them for so long and yet they are just a mirage to the truth. it's always just humans who aflict us. wouldn't demons be more ethereal though? more meaningful.
175869815,Today has gone much better. My shipment arrived and I was able to order groceries. It's noon and I can take a nap now.
175869816,"If I remember correctly, gaba doesn’t cross the blood brain barrier. It does sound interesting the phamagaba."
175869817,First day of respite. I’m worried I won’t sleep tonight because it’s a different bed.
175869818,Me neither and I hate when that last part happens
174378114,"Hello, I have paranoid schizophrenia and I too feel like I missed time in the sense of actual time because I was in a hospital setting for a couple of years. But I also feel like I missed time in the sense of growth and maturity because I’ve felt like I’ve been stuck trying to overcome the challenges of schizophrenia. Instead of living life and living in the moment. I hope this helps, thanks."
175869819,I appreciate the sentiment. Hopefully he will never call me again Just have to see what kind of review he leaves me if any
175869820,"Boom; “single-bouts of endurance exercise” helps! PubMed Exercise and the Kynurenine pathway: Current state of knowledge and results... In contrast to chronic exercise interventions, single-bouts of endurance exercise provoke acute alterations on KYN pathway outcomes in humans. Our results indicate that EE induces stronger alterations than RE. Enhanced conversion of KYN to both, KA..."
175869821,"Little effort is made toward treating bipolar disorder in seniors. Geriatric psychiatry is not a sexy specialty for doctors in training, and research on treatment for older patients is scant. Doctors often don’t even notice mental illness in patients over 60. So I was excited to find a study that specifically looked at treating mania in geriatric patients with bipolar disorder 1. Medication can be difficult in patients over 60. The elderly usually tolerate only lower doses of psych meds than younger people with mood disorders. Drug interactions must be approached with care, as senior citizens with bipolar disorder are often being treated for physical conditions as well. Cognitive decline also becomes a challenge as patients age. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/01/treating-mania-in-older-people-with-bipolar-disorder/"
175869822,"Good morning, guys. It’s almost 11 here. I didn’t take any prn. It seems I’m fine today"
175869823,"with remote manipulation not only could it be impossible for one to equal one because of potential infinity but it could be impossible because of wrap around possession and cloud fishing too. the same applies to any channel access point _USER_ID_. if the authorities are ever going to subscribe to theoretical reality, which seems the obvious way forward, then it could help the public to have their expectations awareness so it's not at odds with consequential influence from day one. i realise the authorities have got to start somewhere with perspective, so at least give the perspective a chance."
174378410,"Hi, I hope you're doing fine or a little better than when you wrote this, I know or totally understand most of want's on this page! It's called by a number of names, Gang Stalking, Organized Harassment, Zersetzung, Schizophrenia, and clandestine Tagging. It can be found within Workplace Mobbing, Cyber Abuse/mobbing, revenge porn/Molka, can be explained by simple White Glove Treatment. The Doctor will term you crazy and attempt to traffic you on to heavy antipsychotics. Your local environment will reject you! even Gaslight you! Isolation, betrayal, even been subject to covert forms of actual Human trafficking by way of sharing fake news or profiling or smearing to sharing images. To being placed on some type of inner speech known as subvocalization broadcast and taunted and harassed and mobbed. As the service provider will view these actual real-life events a delusion's within a victim's mind. And mug you for with their expert opinion. TSH honest I'll just cut to the chase it's like _PERSON_ an actu
al crime or trafficking ring! the same as something else we all know about in the newspapers recently. And I am glad some of you had the guts and bravery to speak out. God Bless."
175869824,"Unfortunately, the Boards are very slow and you may not receive any responses. You could talk to a therapist, and not take medication - there's no harm in that. Try to be more open minded in your thinking, and not dwell on whether or not the cannabis was the cause of your issues - that happened a year ago, and you can't change anything at this point. _NAME_"
175869825,Ferengi Rule of Acquisition 109: “Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack.”
175869826,God Bless you!!!!! I have recovered from Sz......... I'm 70 years old and live a healthy lifestyle also............. Fully support your journey to wellness and the views of the previous reply.................. I just posted several days ago two posts under advocacy................ suggest checking out my recent posts and we can chat!!!!! God Bless you!!!!! M_MacPherson............
175869827,I took my prescribed & supplements.
174378930,"Hi, Anosognosia is basically lack of insight to your own illness. For example, someone with a psychotic disorder such as schizophrenia or schizoaffective might not realize they are sick. They resist treatment and do not understand why they need medication. It may also apply to people who are in denial about their mental illness and do not believe anything is wrong with them. This is seen a lot in people who are treatment-resistant or have severe symptoms. It can be difficult for loved ones to help this person because they often do not want help. I know how this works because I myself have struggled with anosognosia. When I am off meds or on something that isn't working, my delusions become very strong and my paranoia is very high. I get extremely manic and my judgement becomes poor. I may not realize these are just symptoms. I get angry when my parents or doctors tell me I am symptomatic because it often feels like they are gaslighting me or manipulating me to control me. However once I get stable 
on meds again I can retrospectively see how I was really sick and wasn't in my right mind. Hope this helps."
175869828,"Do you have any heart racing? Look up dysautonomias like orthostatic intolerance, POTS, vasovagal syncope, etc. See if any of those sound like what you’re experiencing."
175869829,"New painting, let me know . . . image786×1466 416 KB"
175869830,"I'm sorry you're in a panic - is it any help to write stuff down to say in the appointment? I know sometimes that helps me if I have a plan for what I want to talk about... Seems like you're prepared though, so that's good."
175869831,This topic was automatically closed 90 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175869832,"You must not completely believe it , if your asking the question."
175869833,"_NAME_. Just wanted to mention to you that I found 20mg melatonin on Amazon and my husband has been taking it. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175869834,I get the urge to speak languages I don't know. I'm not exactly sure if I want to speak gibberish or actual languages. I keep it inside my head. It feels like a physical thing in my throat and mouth. I'll move my mouth around trying to get rid of the sensation until finally I let my mind devolve into nonsense garble. I started to relearn a language this year to see if it would help. Seemed to be happening more frequently.
175869835,When the going gets tough I take a supplement PRN (beta alanine). It acts as a tranquilizer for me so I’m lucky it affects me in that way. And the going is indeed tough today…
175869836,Yes. I’ve had both shots. I’ve had the first shot. I won’t get vaccinated. I don’t trust it. 0 voters I got the first jab last Tuesday (Moderna). I get my 2nd shot August 24th.
175869837,"my parents both have psychotic siblings, my father's brother is bipolar, i was going with my current diagnoses of bipolar, ptsd, gad, etc? but i think something is wrong, the medications don't work and make things worse actually, and my social anxiety gets worse every year, but no one's advice about social anxiety helps me, i dropped out of school and can't hold a job, barely go anywhere anymore cus i work online. there's one whole entire person on this planet that i trust more than 50% of the time. it's very hard to explain what's going on, to people, because i was ignored a lot as a kid so it just feels wrong to say that something is wrong, and it's hard for me to explain things in general especially when it's in person. i can't explain the things i truly think because i am afraid that someone will hear and come for me. so i never manage to do it right and i think that when i say i am scared of random strangers noticing me and then hurting me, my doctor thought it was ptsd from my childhood, inst
ead of maybe me having stpd. someone i know who is relatable to me in mental illness just got diagnosed with it, around the time i learned i have an uncle i didn't know about with schizotypal and he is also very relatable to me like that, i think it must be a sign i have been described by everyone as eccentric and chaotic always but i had a weird upbringing so i chalked it up to people having a too narrow idea of normal. isolation has been a constant theme in my life and it is both a comfort and a curse. i want to find and relate to people but i am constantly, constantly afraid"
175869838,"Like the word hand at _NAME_ 5, 30 may be a person, the eye could also be in the verse before that. 27 Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery: 28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart. 29 And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. 30 And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. Whereas hand is control, the person that follows from it becomes someone in control, such as the foreman I mentioned before. Eye normally is perception from which it follows that the meant person is one who perceives, such as a seer or a prophet. About the offending eye is just an other description of 
a heretic again and how to deal with it as church. As example he seems to be giving aldultery as the manner of offending. So this time woman from verse 28 should not be taken metaphorically, but literally, since body from verse 29 and 30 is the metaphor for church here. Rid your church of offending brothers on time or they will pull you into hell with them! Their behavior will be taken over by all other brothers if you do not follow his above instruction. Important additional instructions can be found in _NAME_ 18. With more verses you can see a foreman or an assistant in hand. Consider _NAME_ 6, 3. Also at _NAME_ 6, 22 and 23 prophet seems befitting for eye. In Revelation 1, 14 _NAME_ writes that His eyes were as a flame of fire what I'd decipher into: judgement is lying ahead. This because Jesus is the prophet and the seeing of the future his corresponding perception. - Entheogens can enrich or destroy your life. They say chemists usually believe in _NAME_, because with a microscope they can see there are m
ore worlds in the world. The molecular. And outside of us the infinite. If you study the salt, you will come to these two conclusions, it conserves and it brings flavor. Salt = Preservation, season. Salt can be personified. Ye are the salt of the earth - You are the preservation of the earth. He calls his disciples keepers. The saving of people in the whole world had started from Israel. But if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? - But if the preserved one has lost his pleasantness (or spoiled himself), wherewith will he be made pleasant? Time and again it is heresy he is dwelling on in different manners. This time with a question. A part of _NAME_. Of _NAME_ you get somewhat different information about salt and that as a further elaboration on the offending eye. And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire: Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched. For ev
ery one shall be salted with fire - For everyone will be seasoned with judgement. Suppose, my brothers, you reprove me for a certain mistake, will you find my disobedience thereon tasteless. Still judgement will make me tasteful. And every sacrifice shall be salted with salt. - And every sacrifice shall be made tasty with preservation. Possibly preservation here means that you keep his instruction by acting on it. It refers back to the offending eye you cast away from you. Basically just this brother is then sacrificed. Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his saltness, wherewith will ye season it? - Preservation is good, but if the preserved one's lost his taste, wherewith will he be made pleasant? The answer is that you can preserve a heretic only after he admits his err. Until then, put him out of your community! Have salt in yourselves - Have preserved brothers in your communities. - Father son unity. I regard it a prophetic statement that he says My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me that pertains 
to the moment shortly following thereafter, namely the point of dying. I do not believe that the father had already left him at the moment he was still alive. I even believe it was the very father who said this through him. Then the father leaves him on which he dies. So what he's actually saying is: ""Why must I be dead?"" as in he wanted to be with us. The father is a spirit. And just as a spirit cannot do without a body, so also the father and the son are one. I am a spirit, but a body is what I have. Therefore he says that the father is greater than him (_NAME_ 13, 16 and 14, 28). As a spirit I rule over my body. As a human we have the same sovereignty as god. It is therefore not lawful to impair other people's sovereignty. You do this, you sin. Basically you can only force anyone through his body, since the spirit is untouchable. The bible says No man hath seen God at any time. That's because a spirit is invisible. Striking is that he has done mysterious about his coming into the world, for those prophec
ies about that were quite cryptic. He came in secrecy, not visible for everybody from the sky like we expect him back in the future. I therefore find it not so illogical that unbelievers find it difficult to accept that mysteriousness of him. I think, for example, that a soul and a spirit are two different things, though a soul can be deemed some kind of a spirit too. That's why I think that the word soul in the bible can sometimes be worded with spirit and that this is also the case with him when he says Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit, for a soul is what you have, but a spirit is what you are. What he means, in my view, is ""Father in your hands I commend my life."" As for the spirit and the soul I am still looking for what I can learn about it. In the bible the word spirit is applied in the context of personality and sometimes in the context of idea. You can consider spirit and soul as two different things or you draw no distinction between them. The way I see it, it can do both. Linguistically. 
Some brother once told me that you can compare a human to an egg. The shell is the body. The yolk the spirit. And the egg white is the soul connecting body to spirit. The stoics, by contrast, regard the soul as an unwritten sheet you get at the beginning of your life. It suggests they see spirit and soul as the same, since the later formed personality should then be the written sheet. According to _NAME_ the breath of life was blown into _NAME_'s nostrils. It came from god's mouth and therefore can be associated with his word or even with his spirit. Spirit often is represented as breath or wind. There are also people who do not believe that man has a soul. I see Jesus as the body god has connected himself with and in so doing has been united with his creation since he has been born from _NAME_. An exemplary figure who came to show us what humanity is. That he prays to the father, while it is secretly the father who does that through him, is just part of this exemplary function. He wants us to take over that 
from him. He did mysterious about all kinds of things, but the most about who he is. His task of taking on the cross was not easy. No, for if he tried to talk about it, the diciples did not understand him. No wonder! Why should someone good as him suffer heavy? The work itself should declare it all. It demonstrates that it is god's work and how things go on in heaven. Through all his mysterious talk it seems like I hear him say something like: ""Alright, so you find your fellow men bad, because they've sinned against you? So indirectly it is my fault you are in pain now, for I made those sinners. Then I voluntarily take the punishment on me."" But because that punishment was just wrong, it brought salvation for one group and downfall for the other. Through christ god takes responsibility for the bad effects of his creating. It reminds me of some part of the famous psalm known as the lord is my shepherd. Psalm 23. _PERSON_, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou 
art with me. He has been with us in this valley. He did not leave us here alone. Jesus has now indeed become a creature. _NAME_ the baptist prophesies about him saying: He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me. Of _NAME_ the baptist we know he is 3 months older than Jesus, so Jesus is born after him. Yet says _NAME_ that Jesus was already there before he himself was. In _NAME_ 24, 3 the diciples ask the lord for the specific date when he will return. However the father doesn't want to reveal this day and hour, because otherwise the devil can make this prophecy come true on a different date. In the same way the devil wasn't allowed to know beforehand that Jesus' death would bring salvation or else he would never have had him killed. It is a war between god and the devil that people have gotten involved in."
175869839,Diet Dr. Pepper is the only acceptable diet soda.
175869840,"yea i get that feeling too, like something/someone is manipulating my thoughts and it gives weird feeling… like a dark pressure…"
175869841,"Recent Medication Problems How it started About early February, I had a visit to the ER because I could hear my air purifier talking to me, telling me I suck at my job and other giberish (I don’t even have a job). I also had anxiety attacks continuously for a couple days, my bp was 178/120 with a BPM of 150 when I walked in with my vomit bucket. Anxiety can really suck, but this is some of the worse it’s been as I never hear voices; sounds, years, but not voices. They gave me a haldol shot and that righted me out. I fell asleep for an hour and left when I was OK to do so. Another month another ER visit Same thing a month later, showed up, way more desperate this time, considering suicide. The Dr. gave me a month’s prescription of Risperidone to help and sent me out with another haldol shot, which put me out and I left. A month of Risperidone A month later taking the new pills and I’m now anxious every morning with my _USER_ID_ in knots. A couple lorazepam helps a little, but I feel differen
t. Nothing I liked to do sounds fun anymore, my family seem aquantances to me. Nothing seems to have a point and I feel like a totally different person. A much sadder, perpetually bored person. I take escitalopram 20mg/day for my anxiety and have been taking it for years, so I should have the depression covered. Either way, this feels so very different. It feels like I just don’t care about anything and nothing is worth it. Should I stay on Risperidone I have tried many APs in the past and usually manage on CBD and talk therapy and keeping my anxiety low. The reason is I have these bad reactions to APs and they do more harm to me than good. I’m stuck at a cross roads though: Stay on it and lose my life as I knew it Stop it and potentially deal with extreme anxiety every month or so… Sorry if my words don’t make the most sense, I’m having a hard time."
175869842,A terrifying nightmare
175869843,Spravato isn’t too strong. But I’ve heard it’s very therapeutic. I knew someone who took it. Some places will take Medicaid now for Spravato. Will become increasingly more as it becomes more common I’m sure.
175869844,"TRIGGER WARNING My voices say they are Ghosts (which I do not believe in). They use what they call ""code words"". Here is a selection I wrote down: 16th April 2015 1409 - who did you? - my feelings don't belong to me - ""_NAME_, they killed _PERSON_ daughter"" JD: ""_NAME_ *mod _USER_ID_* is innocent"" MP: ""Don't do _PERSON_ website"" MP: ""what's all this about, _NAME_""? NNB: ""Why won't anyone help?"" These are from 2017 - 2019 we are not grifters we're not picking on _NAME_ we're picking on someone else the song: advance australia fair that's julias ghost singing that's not _NAME_ is pam getting raped are going to commit suicide what are you shaking for will you ever run out of veins what is your favorite color what is my favourite color what is his favourite color what is rons favourite color where is ron now who is ron now what is my name why are you writing what is my favourite color do you care about _NAME_ because, just because ""their they go they are all committing suicide"" can you ha
ve _NAME_ what do you / i want"
175869845,"I feel very distressed, every time I am forced to socialize, go to work, do my shopping, have to use the local public transport, every time, I can hear my neighbourhood… Nope, I feel very far away from any blissfulness, to be honest."
175869846,"I’ve always been aware of my own limitations. I’ve never taken on a job like First Responder…Nurse…Police…etc. I never aspired to these types of fields because I know if I had a bad day and somebody got hurt or died, I’d never forgive myself. I sort mail…go home…then the next shlub takes over the shift for me. The worst mistake I can make is missorting a package. I like it that way. I never take the job home with me in my head. I spend the whole shift creating order out of disorder, which is satisfying and it pays very well to boot."
175869847,YW my brother love and hugs - sun
175869848,The only sales job I really succeeded at was selling newspaper subscriptions over the phone. Everyone likes those. They donated a dollar from every sale to a battered women’s shelter. My schizophrenia got in the way of me making good sales at other jobs. But if I could get my hands on either a set of Collier’s encyclopedias or a set of Britannica I would get one for my own personal enjoyment. Right now the problem is that I don’t have a stable place to live. It’s hard to drag a set of encyclopedias around with you.
175869849,"I guess that's what you call a dysfunctional family. For some children it would have been better that their parents did not get any. Especially the mental ""illness"" and depression of the mother means that children cannot learn from her how to autoregulate their emotions (age 1½ to 3 years), resulting in a psychological trauma ""career"" spanning multiple generations of a family. It's much like a biblical punishment as this emotional autoregulation shortcoming is passed on from the mothers of one generation to the next. And the sons tend to get partners with similar psychological shortcomings. A vicious circle, where nobody knows what happens and nobody knows a way out. The only chance I see: become aware what happend and what happens, learn to live with it and avoid people and things that do no good to you. And don't pass it on: not having children is the safest way, but if you do love your children as much as you can, especially as a mother/primary caregiver and the age of the children up to 3 
years: never leave them alone! teach them emotional safety, every time they are afraid of something."
175869850,Thank-you! That’s a very insightful comment
175869852,"Hey BABE I was a hypochondriac from age 11. I read ""The Century of the Surgeon"" and ""The Triumph of Surgery"", both by Dr _PERSON_, from my parents' library. Like any adult medical student, I thought I had everything I read about. It persisted up to 2003, Mania and Therapy. Half the stuff I USED to see my doctor about was in my head. But then I was probably already swinging in mood well before it became catastrophic in 2003. Love D"
174380046,"Hello, Just need some support. Been struggling with hearing voices and schizophrenia for years. I’ve been ashamed to speak up about my illness cause most people in America think schizophrenics are dangerous, violent, or crazy. Just need to know I’m not alone in this, that there are other people like me. I’ve Just felt hopeless for so long, wanting to know someone whose gotten to the other side or someone who can relate to being in my shoes cause schizophrenia sure does suck. It’s affected every part of my life. Looking for a friend. - thanks and God bless"
175869853,Switching from 20mg olanzapine (zyprexa) to Haloperidol (Haldol) already done my weaning which was not pleasant start Haloperidol tomorrow any experiences please?
175869854,"is the psychiatrists office one of the only places that refuse to see you again if you miss two appointments, sometimes, One appointment?"
174380234,"Hi everyone. I just wanted to share a video by a youtuber who has schizoaffective disorder. She shares the story of her second suicide attempt and where she is at now in a beautifully vulnerable way. If you are having thoughts of suicide, I am so sorry you are in so much pain ? Please do seek help! Here is the US national suicide prevention lifeline: 1-_PHONE_NO_ And here is a list of “warmlines” by state: https://screening.mhanational.org/content/need-talk-someone-warmlines Let me know what you think of the video. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=A0NfRPoe3i8"
175869855,i don’t know tbh… try to fill your mind with different things so that you don’t think too much about it.
175869856,you should feel fortunate… cause schizos functional in the work place is not common
175869857,"Theres no way around hearing these voices and sounds , you can try asking... you can try demanding and they just dont respect your rules , or what you want to hear. Doesnt matter how you ask them , or what you ask them it's pure incompetence. Definitely not something I enjoy doing , or enjoy happening to me. But we as schizophrenics need to get a bill passed to protect our interests... cause when you try to protect yourself within their construct it doesnt work."
174380295,"Hi, I'm new to the forum and just coming to accept a schizoaffective diagnosis after years of bouncing between other diagnoses. I'll make this quick. Coming from a pretty emotionally suppressive household, I never told anyone about the thoughts in my head or the voices I heard. I was always an anxious child, even as a 4 year old, and I had quite an ""imagination"". I was playful with toys because their voices were real, and I liked to sit on the porch and have conversations with the cars who also had voices. It sounds imaginative, but it just never really went away. As I got older and depression came, suicide came, and eventually mania and paranoia in college, I thought maybe I should tell someone about my voices. I withheld again because mainstream psychology (like the stuff that gets published on WebMD, although it's since changed) tells you you have to hear voices 24/7 and completely externally for your diagnosis to be ""valid"". As someone with access to research databases through university, I
've found an amalgamation of articles which are now studying internal and external voices as two separate and legitimate hallucinatory experiences. This gave me a lot of validation, as I hear both. So I'm wondering if anyone else here has experience with internal and/or thought-like voices? How are they for you? For me, it's almost like an intrusive thought but louder, not my voice, random, and can change tone, pitch, and intensity. My external ones usually happen when I'm out with people or around people. Neither of them are constant for me, unless I'm in a deep state."
175869858,"I do. Iv decide to still farm half the land, i wanted to quit altogether. I think that would’ve been better but my mother convinced me to just keep a few cattle to keep my hand in it. I feel trapped"
175869859,"Abilify seems to work well for me as a mood stabilizer, but doesn’t get rid of voices. Still, I tolerate it well and it definitely is useful"
175869860,"I get good info here, new sz meds, covid, news, etc"
175869861,"I had the opportunity to talk with a great friend who also deals with mental illness yesterday. I am the veteran. She’s the newbie. I told her about my new obsession with locked doors and my subsequent compulsion to lock and unlock and then lock them again three times in a row. I told her I know it is stupid and it is frustrating and it is time wasting and it is worry wasting. But I can’t help it. I have OCD. She asked me how I get over feeling bad about my compulsions or the things I do when I am depressed or manic. The answer was simple enough – I accept that I am sick. I know that there will be bad days and when they come I roll with the punches. I know when I am manic I will do things I regret, but I forgive myself. I know that there are tiny – and big – compulsions I act out to alleviate my anxiety, and I know it isn’t my fault. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/05/16/crazy-labels/"
175869862,"hi...I have depression too. I am coping with meditation, medicine from psychiatrist."
175869863,It’s now exactly at the position where I place my finger to scroll up on my phone. 750×393 23.3 KB
175869864,_AT_MENTION_ does Naltrexone have any pain relief qualities? Or is it specifically for addiction?
175869865,"I'm feeling great after walking 1.5 hours in the park. I am doing well and am still compliant. I am working more these days. I am going to apply to grad school hopefully next year. I am going to do the best I can with whatever I'm doing. I am happy with my life, but want to contribute more to society some how. I think now is my time to do well again. After suffering from my illness for over 20 years, I'm finally understanding how to deal with it well. I am independent and free, and look forward to going back to school again!! Life is good. I hope to take the experiences I have had and turn them into a positive. This time I will pursue a degree that is practical and doable. I am on fire! Moreover, I got rid of all the abusive and user-friendly men in my life. LOL, it is about time I did."
175869866,a small bag of Lays BBQ chips from the vending machine downstairs
175869867,I'm doing okay. Not too busy at work today so I'm kind of bored but that's alright. I'm here if someone needs me.
175869868,"Is it bad that now I feel like dying more now, since so many others are dealing with far more than I am/ever have?"
175869869,Sounds great. Congratulations !
174380712,I thought it was real before I got diagnosed with schizophrenia. After being on antipsychotics I had no episodes so I figured everyone that believes in gang stalking are actually schizophrenic.
175869870,"I keep getting told that I'm good at reading people and their intentions. I see it as simply listening to ancient primate instincts and animal intuition that almost everybody has. It's other people that try to tell me I have psychic powers or that I'm an empath or whatever. Sometimes I get a headache trying to figure out if a particular thought or observation is related to this insight (and therefore useful,) or a result of that paranoia, or my long-running issues with pessimism, or simple ignorance, etc."
175869871,i see my psychiatrist monday... nervous as ****
175869872,"I've heard that in my time here, but not very often. Everyone suffers from the illness differently, and they usually think their thoughts are being read and going to be used against them. The one or two people on here that have thought what you asked felt like they were being hypnotized and that the person putting the thoughts into their head was trying to make them do atrocious acts."
175869873,I had some problems with memory during psychosis… It got better once I got on meds…
175869874,"What you've just done is the same thing every religious person does. You've just read my comment and made a gargantuan leap across a vast chasm of missing reason that gets you to be able to comment on something Jesus said, when it's clear that no one knows what Jesus said, who he was or what his intentions, if he even existed, were. If ""one group is to be saved"", it's only going to be those who are well-versed enough in ancient Hebrew or Latin to be able to even infer meaning. Surely, that's a direct contradiction to what Jesus told people, that they should come to him as children? ""God""' has loaded the dice and made it impossible for anyone to attach themselves to him through reason, so unless they can find a personal emotional motivator to latch it to, and colour it in as faith, no one has a chance of knowing the truth. Funny how all religions disagree and adamantly profess themselves to be the only one's right. It's fairy stories and myths. I get that it's very personal to you, and I'm sure 
that it brings you comfort and a sense of purpose, but this argument isn't one where anyone's going to be waving their arms around and yelling ""testify"". If this conversation continues, it will need to do so using reason without assumption."
175869875,"Bipolar disorder affects more than moods. It is now considered a multi-system condition with serious impact on the immune system. Co-morbidities, or conditions that frequently appear in people with BP, have long been known to include cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity and poor response to pharmacological interventions The frontier of bipolar research, however, is the extremely high co-occurrence of auto-immune diseases in people with BP. Some researchers even surmise that BP itself is an autoimmune disorder. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/03/bipolar-disorder-and-the-immune-system/"
175869876,I think you should speak to a doc if you can. In terms of forum information our friend _AT_MENTION_ has a lot of experience with heart/blood pressure stuff
175869877,"My quick&dirty recommendations: Become aware what it means to undergo an early childhood trauma and have a complex PTSD. Become aware of the ""principle of good reason"" and that your ""disorder"" is already a compensation of that trauma. Realize that there is no cure for this and that you and your social environment just can learn to get along with it better. Between 20 and 30 moral values are developed in the brain: make fairness and honesty your moral values, so when you are fair and honest to others you can expect the same from them. Reduce stress! Find out the things that are no good to you and avoid them. Last not least: don't make you dependent on the help of other. Being self-efficient reduces stress. It's only you who can draw you out of the abyss."
175869878,"For those of you who think not so much of me and how I keep insisting that it is not so hard to be a happy person. Here is a partial list of things that have befallen me. I watched and waited to see if my husband would be given a liver-transplant in time for nearly a year or die. Multiple times I believed he was close to dying. Even with the transplant he received in March of 2020 there is no rest ever from the the threats that come with that transplant. He is a shell of the person I've always known him to be, not easy to watch. My parents are 95 and 99 years of age, I am watching them fall apart from the processes of reaching those ages. My mother is skin and bones, and she is brain damaged. My father can no longer remember what he has said and even if he did he most of the time says things wrong. As a family we are spending a ton of money to keep my parents out of a nursing home. The stresses cause many difficulties between my brothers and sisters. Not an easy thing to deal with and it has been g
oing on now for 6 years. My nephew just committed suicide on January 12th of this year. I was diagnosed with an invasive and aggressive breast cancer on December the 17th of 2020 and am now receiving chemotherapy treatments. I am expected to lose all of my hair very soon. I am on opposite sides from my adult daughters on todays politics. A painful place to find oneself. Health cost have caused us to lose everything we had. We owe easily over $140.000 now. My most promising future is to someday be living on the streets. Due to being a much needed caregiver for 3 of my family members I am unable to work. My husband is on disability. Not much money in that. My father began twisting my very young mind at the age of five. That came with a ton of baggage and caused me great pain and hurts for a large portion of my life. Whether it was acting out against myself because I was starved for the human touch or the opposite: for refusing to let anyone touch me. No, not even my own dear sweet mother. I carried the hurt of 
hurting her when she was innocent. I did not dare tell her why. And I always worried when he was going to rape me. I have suffered from those in alcoholism, drug abuse, childhood bullies and so much more. So, when I say to you, here on Inspire, that it is not hard to be a happy person....I mean it and I try my best in helping others to discover it for themselves. _PERSON_"
175869879,"I know that they are causing that on purpose. They’ve been removing the item that I need from the grocery store. Whatever the main thing was that I intended to buy, it was always gone for FIVE WHOLE YEARS. I know that psychic power caused some minds to be psychic and extremely stupid, and gang stalking is a result of that."
175869880,"PubMed A Phenomenological Exploration of the Voices Reported by Borderline... Whilst reporting similar intensity of their VAH, the 2 groups' stance towards them were strikingly different in that BPD participants regarded them as identifiable and unequivocally unpleasant whilst schizophrenia participants regarded them in a..."
175869881,"hi my brother from _NAME_ Hunter _PERSON_ off See it never was easy to live with a head So I kept to the back room and I live there instead What comes from the front-room is only for ""friends"" I have a bay window but that's where it ends And it's here I see pictures and my madness is clear And there's no longer logic so therefore no fear And I'm almost dead with uncontrollable light Sometimes when I've written a song - it's alright... love and hugs - sun"
175869882,"I was reading a paper a while back (sorry for the non-specifics -- I didn't bookmark it) and it talked about a schizoid internalized ideal of relationships and the inability to have these kinds of relationships in the real world. While it's true that people are occasionally inconsistent, messy, volatile things -- imperfectly loving, these are the only types of relationships a person can have. There is no option for the ideal anchored in the schizoid brain. So, while it's quite easy to look out and list your dissatisfaction with your options for relationships, the problem is the internal inability to let go of the ideal for the real. People who are successful at relationships are able to do this."
175869883,Hi folks. It’s that time again check in if you have the time? What have you all be up to? _PERSON_
175869884,"GOD BLESS. How come I get my post locked and deleted for that. But others can post this crap. Anyways, I am not tryin’ to be rude Im tired of bein’ the one all the bullies gang up on."
175869885,You can do it. I got my degree and currently doing my Masters
175869886,Tormentors in hell.
175869887,Cool to read that she’s an athlete
175869888,To me it would feel like they thought I was untrustworthy. Or like they were trying to get me in trouble instead of trying to help.
175869889,You should try doing some exercises such as walking or ropejumping.
175869890,"I'd like to think mostly by choice, however I do find myself slipping into a character at times, especially when telling stories."
175869891,"I walk a half hour on my treadmill everyday. I read for over an hour every nite. I go to Church and pray often. I also communicate with a sister who tries to understand. Find one person who really cares. In my later years I find therapists worthless, especially during this crisis. Also, get a second opinion on your meds. Let me know if anything works. _NAME_."
175869892,"I’m gonna try and figure out how much betaine is in a tablespoon of wheat bran later. From my google search there’s 1339mg in 100 grams of wheat bran. I take about a teaspoon to a tablespoon which is about 2 grams (I think) . I’ll figure it out after. But I will say this. My voice is deeper as if I’m more calm. Also makes going to the toilet more enjoyable lol. Sounds strange but true, but in high doses I would sit on the toilet for like 10 mins feeling my bowels were way too relaxed. I’m not taking the supplements anymore, I’m just sticking with the wheat bran. There’s enough betaine in wheat bran for me."
175869893,"I am doing great! I heard from one of the program directors. I believe, it may be out of curiosity on their part? I told them about my illness. So, I was thinking I will be ok although I may not be accepted into a program. I am still working and will continue to work. It is nice that they replied though. Very nice!!"
175869894,"I took a dt at my aprn/psychiatrist office and I got a false positive for oxycodone. I haven’t taken any drugs, legal or illegal besides my prescription medications. Which does include naltrexone I’ve also been steadily eating poppy seed bagels I don’t remember eating it right before I went in Tuesday for the drug test but it could have been. I took another drug test today and it was “fading” the positive results for oxycodone. Still there tho. Not sure why I would produce a positive result for oxycodone. Never taken it in my life or anything."
175869895,I don’t have an answer. I’m sending hugs
175869896,"1 sounds like palpitations, generally harmless but if it’s new and frequent is definitely a reason to bring it up with a doctor. 2 could be a lot of things, but given the other two issues you should mention it and get it treated so they can confirm it’s not an irregular heart rhythm. 3 really depends on everything else, but generally if it’s low and not causing symptoms like dizziness, tunnel vision, hearing problems, etc then it’s doesn’t need to be treated. If you are having symptoms it’s worth getting checked out by a cardiologist. For now I would recommend drinking more water or adding in an electrolyte replacement drink when it gets bad."
175869897,It's been pretty difficult lately. I have a challenging task I must deal with today & I'm feeling scared & very sad.
175869898,"Yeah, I don’t feel like its an emergency. Around my area they only admit you if you’re a current danger to yourself or others, and I am most definitely not. They also don’t like to adjust your meds when you have a primary. The county I live in is horrible for urgent psychiatric care that isn’t at emergency levels. Thanks for responding."
175869899,Hi (((((((BABE)))))))) I don't. I say I am Manic Depressive. MUCH more descriptive and less PC. 8^) Love _NAME_
175869900,"If it's general conversation I just talk about my job as an advocate because that's what I used to do and what I still do from time to time. The majority of people don't know I'm on disability, so unless you're telling them it's none of their business. Or you can say which is true you're unemployed at this time or depending on your age you can say you're retired."
175869901,"Pixel turned into a squirrel, _AT_MENTION_, to be exact. 2048×1151 324 KB"
175869902,"If I can ask, how did it feel like you had dementia? Did it go away once you got the right meds?"
175869903,I noticed you divided into four parts what the middle meaning said or s*** you break that in the more parts
175869904,I feel tired today. I didn't sleep very well and I woke up late this morning. That put me behind. But I think I am finally caught up. I'm ready to go to bed early. Maybe I will sleep tonight.
175869905,Im on: Amisulpride 5mg; Olanzapine 5mg ; Seroquel 25mg. Plus I take American Ginsen as anti depressant.
175869906,"But does not the personality problem stem from a lack of self-awareness, which is a form of repression, which stems from developmental deprivation, and there are drugs that allow one to enter into the repressed pain with a compassionate feeling?"
175869907,https://alwaystestclean.com/cross-reaction-guides/MythBusters-Poppy-Seed-Drug-Test.mp4
175869908,"hello, i have started cycling towards a manic state very recently, and with that i have been having delusions that my thoughts are affecting the world around me somehow, and that somehow me thinking about a person or event will cause it to happen or cause them to think about me or talk about me. i have also started thinking about my abuser a lot recently as with a lot of recent stress with family stuff i'd rather not go into now.... i don't know why. i dont want to think about them or think these things and i hate it. does anyone else have trauma come up again in an unrelated stressful situation, or possibly have new delusions come from the new stress?"
175869909,9 hours? Good for you! I use that too. I manage 4 hours at most.
175869910,"An old poster who doesn’t come by anymore, _AT_MENTION_ gave me some great advice about what it’s really like to be a parent with schizophrenia."
175869911,"It has been a long year. The two freeloaders moved out quickly after my fiancée's father passed away. We have been fighting probate for the last year because of an error on a trust. Yesterday though we took the loan check to the county to pay for the estate. Now we wait for a court date for everything to be signed over. We want to get married finally now that things are starting to even out. In the meantime, an old roommate of about 7 years ago made amends and moved back in. He has been helping with bills. My grandmother gave me her car on the stipulation that I got a license. I passed the test in the beginning of April, so now I drive myself to work. We have a car that needs to be repaired, and the roommate who moved back in is dealing with an identity theft case for his license. He is trying to get a work from home job before the unemployment runs out. Things are easier, but I just feel like I have been getting dragged from one thing to the next. I feel very lost. I still have my job, and I coul
d become a store manager, but with the instability of the house right now, I need to focus on getting things done here. If I took the promotion now, I would have to commute every day and I definitely can't afford that. My fiancée is doing better. He just sleeps a lot and that is concerning to me. I think he will be better once everything with the house is settled. I am just tired. Glad my grandmother got remarried though, she is with an awesome guy. I feel upset with myself because I know we are doing better financially, but I still feel like I am just spinning my wheels. I feel like I shouldn't be feeling this way. 12 More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175869912,Have you tried clozapine? This is the most potent medication for treatment resistant psychosis/ schizophrenia. I know some people who took it after trying everything else and are doing fine.
175869913,"We know there is a strong genetic component to bipolar disorder. The role played by one’s environment is less clear. A study out of Canada that followed 4,000 families for 30 years sheds insight into how socio-economic factors influence the development of serious mental illness. The study began with a group in their 30s and followed them into their 60s. These people lived in impoverished neighborhoods in Montreal and faced the grinding challenges and stressors of poverty. Through Canada’s National Health Service complete health information for the subjects of the study, including mental health diagnoses, was acquired. With this baseline established, the researchers were then able to focus on the survey group’s children. The children grew up with the with the dangers and lack of opportunity inherent in urban neighborhoods wracked by poverty. In these children the researchers observed the development of psychosis-spectrum mental illness like bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. 6% of the childre
n followed into adulthood developed psychosis-spectrum mental illness. That’s more than double the rate found in the general population. Clearly, genetic inheritance alone does not explain the rate at which people acquire bipolar disorder. Environmental factors that range from the stress of living in a violent neighborhood to the poor nutrition found in low income households clearly influence the development of severe mental illness. Throughout the study data was collected from all participants, so the researchers were able to develop an accurate picture of how social behavior merges with these risk factors to result in psychiatric diagnoses. They found that the children who grew up and became very aggressive or very withdrawn were the most likely to later be diagnosed with a psychotic disorder. This data gives us a tremendous opportunity to intervene in the lives of children who share these characteristics as well as a genetic propensity to mental illness and guide them through their most difficult periods 
with communication and coping skills that can reduce the number who develop bipolar disorder or schizophrenia. It should be noted that the researchers from UC _NAME_ and Concordia University had to go to Canada to undertake this study. The availability and consistency of healthcare for low income residents there made accurate data collection possible. In the United States, where healthcare is often unavailable to low income residents, the data doesn’t exist and the ability to follow outcomes for so many individuals for so many years is not even possible. Read more here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/04/poverty-and-bipolar-disorder/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=74717e127f-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_c648d0eafd-74717e127f-_PHONE_NO_"
175869914,"_AT_MENTION_ I have taken magic mushrooms several times, and all I could do was laugh. It was like flushing out the psychic pipes. I would definitely consider microdosing with them to treat depression for myself What I find interesting is that our brains come already with opioid receptors built into it. I believe there are also cannabinoid receptors built-in as well"
175869915,"What do you tell people when they ask are you working anywhere or ask what your occupation is, but your on disability."
175869916,You Never Knew a Woman Like Daze!
175869917,"So, I'm here again after a longer time. Was thinking about things in me, trying to explain them to myself. Because I must explain them also to others, if I want to work in this world. Without work you don't live long. Anyway, it was said the problems occur when other persons are unsatisfied with the relationship with us. With a lack of emotions. Maybe we could say we don't signalize acceptance. Don't know how many voted against me (there was a voting) and only one didn't vote. I am a person open to discuss any matters of culture anywhere, but people today are very far from that. Culture is constructive and modernity deconstructive. To talk about the topics within newspapers is disgusting or smalltalk in general. But I have found a good short description of SPD recently. It says that we are dissatisfied with the people around us for the lack of warmth or we consider relationships with others as useless and as something that restrains us. Yet, we are open and looking for people who are not just like 
that but the opposite: warm and useful. So, how do we find warm and useful people and where? I really am looking for a woman/girl all my life and will swear I never was ignorant of the other gender, yet, I was too complicated for the common females, ""too much thinking"", and for me they were like ignorant or lets say without values which are necessary to value a person, no matter how complicated they are if the topic he presents is important. So, I always talk about things which I consider important and then realize the people are ignorant of serious situations, like the death of the European culture. I've also checked the IQ distribution of the SPD and most of them are over the average level. What can this mean? It can mean that we see potential friendships as useless because those other people can't follow us, they are too slow or too simple? My IQ is 180 in the last 10 years and that is quite good for my age. The score is generally falling from 28. The second point is that we like to ""fantasize"". I don'
t think it's a phantasy if I think about rational things. Perhaps to the people around us we appear as fantasizing, but I say from the inside it is not the case, otherwise wouldn't we become useless and worthy of avoiding!? We are not like the people we are avoiding, we are opposite as those we describe as superfluous for us. We are not following social norms. This is for me accurate only under one condition: that this is neither a society not it has norms. It has normies who are trying to ""influence"" certain behaviors, but this are not norms. You can't say if something works like a clickbite that it is a norm. I like norms and I like also punishments for cardinal crimes. Only few things make you happy. But which things? Can it be that people with similar IQ can fantasize about similar things and if they want can make good friends? In sum relationships are cold, unfriendly, exhausting, unpleasant, useless... empty Yet, isn't that because we already had the opposite experience where everything was better? It 
must be some common ground in us which reacts always similarly to the outer world. I think it is a shame that we still allow others to describe us although this ""Persönlichkeitsstörung"" (Personality-disturbance) is not disturbing us but others. We don't suffer from others but others suffer from us, and we are looking our own business. As someone once said: the only form of recognition in Germany is envy. And isn't it normal that words lay there where our horizon ends and that most of the people are uninteresting to us because their talk is too small, i.e. their horizon is too small? I mean, maybe many of you won't agree with this, but some people give opinion also if they don't understand fully what has been said. If we all had the same IQ maybe we could agree more and our own description of SPD were much better than those who only observe us from outside??"
175869918,"As far as silent treatments go, I was never comfortable with them because they are not what I would consider passive behavior. Silent treatments must be maintained to be effective, and because they are not the same as breaking up, the silent partner always has the responsibility of ending them. That's a lot of emotional responsibility for someone with SPD to be comfortable with. It's like having to respond to a missed (ignored) phone call or having a social engagement pending. As for the anger issues, it could be that he's hit critical mass when it comes to cohabitating with somebody. With the proper distance, a schizoid could probably stand being in a relationship for a long time but eventually, he's likely to crack. The relationships I myself have been most comfortable with were the ones that required little or no maintenance. Resolving the issues of an argument, even a small one, is something that needs to be dealt with eventually, and that's not something a schizoid wants to have on his plate. 
The more arguments, the more tiresome and uncomfortable the relationship gets. The only suggestion I can think of, based on what little i know about your situation, would be a temporary separation. Give him time to recharge and to re-find his center. Keep the lines of communication open but do not bug him or make him feel there's something he must do. Schizoids do not like to have the ball in their court."
175869919,What are you getting a degree in? Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175869920,"I'm so sorry, I don't speak much English, I often use a translator. Do you have sex? Sex, intercourse? I've never had sex, I'm inexperienced, I've never had a girlfriend."
175869921,Same in my state too. Must be a danger to self or others before they will take action.
175869922,"this is a new painting, I think all the brushwork practice is paying off . . . image1190×1586 797 KB"
175869923,"Bipolar Disorder Overview Bipolar disorder (formerly called manic-depressive illness or manic depression) is a mental disorder that causes unusual shifts in mood, energy, activity levels, concentration, and the ability to carry out day-to-day tasks. There are three types of bipolar disorder. All three types involve clear changes in mood, energy, and activity levels. These moods range from periods of extremely “up,” elated, irritable, or energized behavior (known as manic episodes) to very “down,” sad, indifferent, or hopeless periods (known as depressive episodes). Less severe manic periods are known as hypomanic episodes. This article goes over signs & symptoms, risk factors, and treatments & therapies of/for bipolar disorder. https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/bipolar-disorder/index.shtml love and hugs - sun"
175869924,Having kind of a crapy day. Started back in December for some reason or another.. The current situation in the world started messing with my anxiety. It seemed like every little physical symptom that came along Would get lumped into the category of I have it. Which truly isn't the case I know that and I have come a long way since then but in the last couple days it has started to you poke at me again. Even though I know I have allergies in all the goes with that but the thought is still there that I am the walking plague.
175869925,I’m experimenting with the lowest possible dose of my meds now. I am skipping meds every other day too. It’s hard to sleep during this period of detoxification.
175869926,"Yeah its pretty limiting and practicing is basically impossible but I cant carry it with me, I move around a lot Thanks for listening _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_"
175869927,so far my appetite is back to normal now somewhat and Im losing this water weight I have gained by taking a water pill/blood pressure combo so far so good working like a champ.
175869928,"After years of being told I had bipolar 1 with psychosis, I had a neuropsychological evaluation done. Results were that I had mild neurocognative disorder and schizophrenia. No big shocker to me since I had a sneaking suspicion that’s what bipolar 1 with psychosis meant in the first place. Laying in bed one night I heard voices of two woman and a man coming from somewhere outside but couldn’t figure out where. They were talking about me and giving me commands to see if I would follow through and when I would follow their commands the voices would quiet down. I found myself trying to hide my face under a pillow so they couldn’t tell if I was asleep or awake. Then I started recording in my phone and realized there were no voices it was all in my head. That’s when I had the tests done. Haven’t heard voices in awhile but still get that feeling that something is after me or someone or everyone is watching me. Started taking 20 mg Abilify. It’s day 4 and just feel that restless still nagging 
but not much other side effects. Sometimes I wonder, what in my life has been real and what has been imagined because at this point I don’t know anymore, it’s a scary feeling."
175869929,Rog3... thanks for all the input. Will think about what you said...
175869930,Your first name is not a problem. Just dont put your whole name
175869931,"The Strange Pill This leads me to another odd experience I have had a number of times. Depression can often be treated quite effectively by drugs called antidepressants. What these do is increase the concentration of neurotransmitters in one’s nerve synapses, so signals flow more easily in one’s brain. There are many different antidepressants that do this via several different mechanisms, but they all have the effect of boosting one of the neurotransmitters, either norepinephrine or serotonin. (Imbalances in the neurotransmitter dopamine cause the schizoid symptoms.) The problem with antidepressants is that they take a long time to take effect, sometimes as long as a couple of months. It can be hard to keep up hope while waiting for the antidepressant to start working. At first all one feels is the side effects – dry mouth (“cottonmouth”), sedation, difficulty in urinating. If you’re well enough to be interested in sex, some antidepressants have such side effects as making it impossible 
to have orgasms. But after a while the desired effect begins to happen. And here is where I have the odd experiences: I don’t feel anything at first, the antidepressants don’t change my feelings or perceptions. Instead, when I take antidepressants, other people act differently towards me. I find that people stop avoiding me, and eventually start to look directly at me and talk to me and want to be around me. After months with little or no human contact, complete strangers spontaneously start conversations with me. Women start to flirt with me where before they would have feared me. Read more here: https://psychcentral.com/lib/living-with-schizoaffective-disorder/4/?li_source=LI&li_medium=popular17"
175869932,"(I have a few schizotypal traits). It happens to me, in some cases, when I identify with a character (it usually happens only with peculiar characters - I never identify to ""normal"" ones), but with this weird feeling I'd prefer to be that character than myself. Actually even as a child I fantasized about being someone else - in a ""odd belief"" kind of way, not really in a mimicry externally detectable way."
175869933,"Earth.com Therapy dogs boost cognitive skills in college students • Earth.com Therapy dogs can help stressed out students overcome pressure to perform better in college, according to a new study from WasTherapy dogs can help stressed out students overcome pressure to perform better in college, according to a new... Est. reading time: 3 minutes"
175869934,"Hello, Schizophrenia is a difficult condition to treat and unfortunately, sometimes it is a case of ""trial and error"" to find the right medication. How long did it take for you to find the right medication? Did you experience any side effects? Don't forget you can evaluate and comment on the medication you're on in our Medications Unit . You can see what other members have thought about the medication you are taking and leave advice and tips! Please share :)"
175869935,People are having conversations with their stuffed animals and you take exception to the idea of talking to _USER_ID_?
175869936,"DailyStrength has been a great experience for me so far. Opening up about my fear of people talking about me behind my back and my false belief that my medication is poison is really, really helpful. It's nice to be among supportive people who won't judge me."
175869937,tried it… didnt work. ty though.
175869938,Untitled4531078×628 87.1 KB
175869939,Do you have any allergy medicine?
175869940,"Actually, I go out for a walk everyday. Usually, it covers 7000 to 10000 steps."
175869941,"I'm doing well and just went out on a date with a nice man. It went well, believe it or not!! I am happy so far. I hope he asks me out again. He did not push sex either. I like him a lot and hope it works out. My work is not too stressful but my schedule is not good still. So, life continues. I am happy overall with my life. I'm still compliant and am doing ok. I am exercising every other day for over an hour each time. I eat well also. I'm doing pretty well and have no complaints. Life could not be better and am finally getting used to my routine."
175869942,"8-6-19 Song ""Last Train"" by _NAME_, and _USER_ID_ said ""medication"" when I passed by mine. 8-6-19 Song ""Bad Boy for Life"" by Diddy said ""we ain't going nowhere"". It was raining outside. 8-6-19 Song ""Drug Dealers Anonymous"" by _PERSON_ and _NAME_ said ""google me baby"" and so I did to someone today. 8-6-19 Song ""Blades"" by King Chip said ""sittin on the front porch"" as I was rockin in my recliner. 8-6-19 Song ""Man Listen"" by _PERSON_ said ""engine"" when I looked at a car out the window. 8-6-19 Song ""Screwed 4 Life"" by D.E.A. Dead End Alliance, _NAME_, Fat _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and H.A.W.K. said ""screwed"" when I observed my pop bottle. 8-6-19 Song ""The Show Goes On"" by _NAME_ said ""turn lights out"" as I observed the light which was on. 8-7-19 ""Now my president is wack"" said in the song ""American Dream"" by _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _NAME_ after I watched Mr. _PERSON_ YouTube video about politics in the same view. 8-7-19 Song ""Same Ol Same"" by _PERSON_ said ""childhood"" when I 
couldn't think what he looked like so Will showed me a smiling man thought and he said he made a man and so I thought there is no childhood. 8-7-19 Song ""Who Dat Talking Down"" by Big _PERSON_, Big _NAME_, and Big _PERSON_ said ""tv"" while I was checking the back of mine. 8-7-19 Note: Calling ""best dreams"" to ""gem dreams"" 8-7-19 Song called ""Listen"" came on next by _PERSON_ when I was standing back a distance waiting. 8-7-19 Song ""Raw Cypher 2"" by _PERSON_ said ""distance"" when I was discussing location and benefits. Also note: 1st time hearing this song. 8-7-19 Song ""Diamond In The Back"" by _PERSON_ said ""good"" as I started eating. 8-7-19 Movie ""UFO Chronicles: The War Room"" said ""_NAME_"" as I looked at popcorn kernals 8-10-19 Song ""Wake Up"" by _PERSON_ Brown and _PERSON_ said ""fly"" as a noticed one on my window. 8-10-19 Song ""Loud Hangover"" by _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ said ""oven"" as I was operating my microwave. 8-10-19 Song ""Never Scared"" by Bone _PERSON_, Killer _NAME_, and T.I. 
said ""open the trunk"" as I was repeatedly opening the cupboards. 8-10-19 Song ""Pop! (Eastgost remix)"" by _NAME_, The Last Artful, Dodgr, Eastghost, IDK, and _PERSON_ said ""waaAA"" when I hit my hand on the stove and said ""Ow"". 8-10-19 Song ""Give Me A Light"" by _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and _PERSON_ said ""sana"" while I was cooking. 8-11-19 Song ""Throw It Up - remix"" by Young Buck, _NAME_, and Pastor _NAME_ said ""throw it up"" when I was about to. 8-11-19 Song ""Problems"" by AZ said ""you know"" right after I discussed going to the meeting spot prior to invading area 51 and actually not going but be there for the aftermath. A person/survivor telling people there lucky for not going. I reiterated this note prior to writing it down and the chorus says ""you know"" again. 8-11-19 Poured out the remainder of my Pepsi (sick) and the clock read 3:21. 8-11-19 Song ""Leanin'"" by Foxx said ""Sippin"" as I drank my water."
175869943,Recovering from anxiety and looking for peer support
175869944,"I would always sit in my room alone. I had no care in the world that I was being lonely. It didn't clue in. I just thought I was introverted, or didn't have the energy to do anything. I have Schizoaffective disorder, bipolar type, and in November 2019, the hospital release forms said (MRE: Manic). So scary. After being diagnosed, I thought about mocking the doctors who tried to give me the diagnosis. How obtuse? It was all alone and by myself. And I ain't ever going to try that again. This new psychiatrist seems to have opened my very eyes to the fact that they help people. Just by saying, ""Peace"". I feel clearer now than I have felt my entire life. If I would have been open to all the possibilities in the air and what they threw at me, maybe I would not be sort of floundering according to myself. I had this 'double standard' on the doctors: HELP ME ALL YOU CAN SO I CAN GET SO MUCH BETTER, then I thought: YOU'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO HELP BE BECAUSE I AIN'T SICK AT ALL. So arrogant. They see these thi
ngs all the time. I was never in a right state to be obviously obtuse with them. So that means there was never any real meat to what I was saying. I had my first break from reality (that went diagnosed) in 2013. I was living obliviously to the rules of adulthood. Feeling comforted by the doctors since that last appointment. Oh man does it seem to sink in that I needed help. Psychosis is a break from reality. And I think I can comply with the doctors to make sure that I can function totally in the world. I really want to make it in this world. Be something to someone rather than a ragdoll in her room stewing over made up **** that does not even seem real to even herself."
175869945,I fear they are demons in disguise.
175869946,That’s what I was thinking. Sometimes in the past I needed something to burst that adrenalin bubble that was keeping me awake.
175869947,SARDAA holds virtual support groups for families and caregivers - you are invited to register to participate and ask other caregivers about their experiences. https://sardaa.org/call-registration/ ECT is much improved and has shown to be effective with psychosis - of course everyone is unique in their experience.
175869948,"_AT_MENTION_, _AT_MENTION_, _AT_MENTION_ or _AT_MENTION_ Do you mind inserting my tag line as, “Floating in a tranquil sea of ambiguity” I didn’t realize we had to ask you guys"
175869949,"Simple question; What tapes of association between the genes and schizophrenia whole condition and its common symptoms ? If there is an existential association or a functional ? Creation the sz condition by genetic functions OR inducing the symptoms by the genetic functions In other words,what is the causal relationship between a gene (s) and the sz condition or its diagnosed symptoms ?"
175869950,"I get dizzy in shops or markets. I need my mother to be close to me in order to feel kinda safe. I avoid people, i avoid crowds etc"
175869951,"kkortes Thank you for replying. You have a lot to handle, for sure, and my prayers will continue for you. As I see it, the greatest need for you at the moment is to lessen the stress on yourself, and that is no small task. So...there is the tumor, which you are unable to do anything about, OTHER THAN LESSENING THE STRESS......so the stress stands as a major issue! I believe that the care of the children is adding a lot of tension on you...it would have to be so, therefor, is there a possibility that other arrangements could be made for them? Perhaps another relative, or family services in their state. Do not be afraid to state that your load is too heavy at this point, because your own health is of prime importance, and there are times in life when we do have to speak up for ourselves, and demand some support from those who should be able to see that we need it. (That is where I see you at this moment) Regarding your husbands feelings regarding you needing the insurance.....yes, of course you need 
it, and it would seem that he...of all people, would be aware of that. I hope you will come back and chat some more. There are many people here who will want to help and encourage you. Even though it may feel as if you are alone in this battle...you are not. We want to help."
175869952,It used to be on the left.
175869953,My hair is super long now. It reaches my elbows. I was afraid during covid to get my hair cut. But now I’ve gotten used to it and my hubby loves it long so I’m going to keep it long.
175869954,"I have odd speech too. Thing is, that when I am phrasing the sentences in a way that is odd, I feel like there are many thoughts inside my head all at once, and I cannot form a coherent sentence because I keep losing my train of thought. Sometimes it does not happen. The way I phrase sentences is completely normal. It seems this problem occurs mostly when I haven't slept properly, or when I am under a lot of stress, or both."
175869956,"If I were to label today as a mood I would label it a manic day of a 7 on a scale of 10. I ordered an xl decaf coffee, but I made sure to turn into Dunkin’ Donuts from the wrong turn lane and almost hit another car. I then went shopping at 5 different stores, in between I cleaned out my closet. I felt slightly psychotic this morning, but what of I can’t remember. The highlight of my day was freezing outside and feeling a cold breeze on my neck while meditating. Although I got so much done, which was nice and it needed to get done. It’s just a sudden switch from sleeping all day."
175869957,"So I'm scizoaffective bipolar type. I've been medicated for about 5 years and had my first major episode about ten years ago. I've been in the hospital many times. Especially over the last few years. My most major episode ever i had to be hospitalized for over a week because I had attacked my wife, my father, and tried to physically escape from a general hospital and they had to strap me down and inject me with loads of Ativan to get e to calm down. So why am I here? I see so many success stories here that it made me wonder... are there people like me? I've been on every antipsychotic under the sun and my current medication Latuda had the best results. While in multiple pospitals they tried all different kinds of techniques to calm me down or to treat me with medicine and other ways. They don't work. Not because I'm not trying or because I'm being resistant to therapy. It just plain doesn't work. The only way they've found out how to treat a psychotic episode was to either strap me down or load me 
up I'm Ativan. I'm megally worried about one day never getting to see my wife or my family again except through pane glass (being hospitalized forever) I keep telling myself God wouldn't let that happen but... this has happened so why wouldn't that? Am I alone? I've gotten used to having episodes all the time I just... want to know if I'm alone. Everyone here seems to be good or better at least... so I'm assuming I am alone. Sorry for intruding here but, hi anyway,"
175869958,OUP Academic Hospital Presentation for Self-Harm in Youth as a Risk Marker for Later... Abstract. Expanding clinical strategies to identify high risk groups for psychotic and bipolar disorders is a research priority. Considering that individuals di
175869959,5 to 10 minutes
175869960,"Hello all, I would greatly appreciate your input. This is my first post and a bit of a long story but I will try to summarize and answer questions as needed. My partner I strongly believe has SPD. I have a Bachelor in Psychology. I am a medical doctor. And I went over the diagnosis with my therapist. I myself have Borderline Tendencies but no longer meet criteria. I have known my parter for 12 years in an on and off relationship. Many fights have taken place over this time where he would pull away and not talk to me at all for average of 3 or 4 months. However, it has been five years since this last occurred until now. We have lived together for a little over a year. Feb 21 we had an argument over a slip cover super minor I know. I told him he should reposition it when he gets up and he freaked out. He has been ignoring me since. This is the 3 period where he has ignored me for a long period of time since August. The other two times were also over very minor things. One was me asking him to use a d
ifferent burner on the stove because it was having issues and the second was me asking to return a pair of shoes the same night I got them. 2 weeks ago he flipped out worse during this current ignore when I asked if he would be home for dinner and since then has been slowly packing as if he is moving although no box has left the house. He has only packed items in the garage and basement. He took apart some things he built which made me quite sad. He does not have a job so I am not even sure how he would move. He will not answer me at all so I do not ask. Since the 2 week ago explosion I have tried not to provoke him. I answer him if he rarely talks to me but do not talk to him. I am trying to give him space. I still cook him dinner and save it in the fridge. I really am trying my best to give him all the space he needs. I am pretty scared he will move and that this is over. Now he is not an affectionate person as you all can guess. He needs a lot of time to himself. And he has his own bedroom. This does not r
eally bother me. I love him and I am pretty used to it. I could not imagine my life without him despite the issues we sometimes have. I am wondering how common this is the ignoring after a fight if any of you have done this in the past? Also he seems to be having a lot of issues with rage and anger since we have lived together which I was wondering if could be related to living together or unemployment or maybe both. Also am I approaching this right? It seems like he does not even love me anymore like I do not exist to him but I feel like that can not be true. I am the closest person in his life. Closer than his small family. We have built a life together as unconventional as it is. I am a little nervous that he might just be able to walk easily from some of what I have read on the forum it seems some people with SPD can do this pretty easily. Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated!"
175869961,Hoping you have a better day tomorrow!
175869962,"It’s sad, cause it can easily be me. My pDoc worked with me for years making sure I didn’t quit my job and lose my insurance and become homeless and unmedicated."
175869963,"Great attitude, you’ve got it"
175869964,"10 Small Steps You Can Take Today to Improve Bipolar Disorder By _NAME_, M.S. With its swinging moods, shifting energy levels, sleep difficulties and intrusive anxiety, bipolar disorder can feel overwhelming. Managing it can feel the same. “There is so much to take care of, so there are so many ways to mess up,” said _NAME_ A_PERSON_ Fast, a bestselling author of books on bipolar disorder, including Take Charge of Bipolar Disorder and Loving Someone with Bipolar Disorder. But you can feel better and get better by taking small, feasible steps every day. “The symptoms of bipolar disorder vary greatly from person to person, and even within the same person,” said _NAME_, MSW, a psychotherapist and author of five books, including The Dialectical Behavior Therapy Skills Workbook for Bipolar Disorder. That’s why we asked the experts to share general effective ways to manage bipolar disorder. Here are 10 strategies to help. 1. Seek professional help. If you’re not receiving any treatment for bi
polar disorder, contact a practitioner. Medication is crucial for managing bipolar disorder. As psychologist _NAME_, PsyD, has noted: “Bipolar disorder is probably the main psychiatric disorder where medication is absolutely essential. I’ve had people ask me if there’s any way to do this without medicine. [My answer is] absolutely not.” Psychotherapy also is important for better understanding your symptoms and learning effective skills. Learn more in this article on the four keys to treating bipolar disorder. 2. Take medication as prescribed. Follow your doctor’s precise instructions when taking medication. Don’t ever discontinue medication on your own (which can worsen symptoms and trigger an episode). Instead, if you’re struggling with troublesome side effects or other concerns, talk to your doctor. Write down your specific concerns and questions, and call your doctor to schedule an appointment. Remember that you are a team in treating your illness. You have every right to voice your questions 
and concerns. Doing so helps you find the most effective treatment for you. 3. Organize your medication. Make it easy to take your medication. Fast fills three pillboxes at a time and keeps them in different places, such as her car, purse and kitchen. (Here are additional strategies on remembering to take your medication.) 4. Remind yourself racing thoughts are part of the illness (not the truth). Fast, who also pens a blog on bipolar disorder, calls her brain racing “brain chatter.” “Imagine having a super noisy gymnasium in your head, and the main voice is your own.” Depression is an inflated inner critic. For Fast such thoughts might look like: “You’re unlovable. That is why you’re single. Look at that couple over there. Everyone is happy and you’re not. Work is not even an option for you. Look at the wedding rings. Everyone is married and not you!” This kind of chatter is typical of bipolar depression. When her negative thoughts start swirling, Fast reminds herself: “This is the depres
sion, _NAME_. You are not like this when you are well. Don’t get caught up in what your brain is saying. Focus your energy on ending the depression so the chatter will stop.” 5. Chart your symptoms. Keep a daily chart of your mood, sleep, irritability, anxiety, exercise and other important symptoms or habits, _NAME_ said. This is a helpful way to prevent a mood episode or lessen its severity. A chart provides you with information about your personal symptoms and how they manifest. It helps you spot patterns as well. For instance, if you notice that your mood is lower, you’re sleeping more and you’ve stopped exercising, you know you need to check in with your doctor, she said. Fast also stressed the importance of learning “what you think, say and do at the very beginning of a mood swing so that you can stop it before it goes too far.” For instance, one of her mania triggers is shopping. “If I suddenly want to get a new wardrobe and buy a lot of earrings, I know it’s mania and I had better take 
care of it quickly, or I will be in trouble.” Suicidal thoughts are a sign of depression and mild psychosis. “[I]f I hear a voice that says, ‘You should walk in front of that bus and die,’ I know that I am depressed and mildly psychotic, and it’s time for more serious trigger management.” 6. Focus on the present. “Focusing on the present, rather than allowing yourself to get stuck in thoughts of the past and future…help to reduce the emotional pain in your life,” according to _NAME_. It also helps you notice your racing thoughts and take healthy action more quickly, she said. Plus, accepting your experience helps you lead a more peaceful life, she said. One way to pay attention to the present is to focus on your breath. “Notice when your attention wanders, bring it back to the breath, and accept whatever comes into your awareness.” Another way is to take a mindful walk. “Instead of letting your thoughts wander like you normally would, focus on the walk: the feel of your feet hitting th
e ground, the movement of your body, the things you’re seeing and hearing around you, and so on.” When your mind naturally wanders, simply bring it back to the here and now, and again, accept whatever enters. 7. Create a bedtime routine. Sleep is critical for people with bipolar disorder. In fact, sleep deprivation “is one of the biggest triggers for a manic episode,” _NAME_ said. “So it’s very important for people with bipolar disorder to have a regular sleep schedule.” A bedtime routine is an effective strategy for facilitating sleep. It signals to your brain and body that it’s time for rest, relaxation and slumber. The key is to engage in calming activities. You might take a hot bath, meditate, say a prayer and do some light reading (but outside the bedroom), she said. 8. Avoid alcohol and drugs. Both worsen symptoms of bipolar disorder and disrupt sleep. Alcohol and drugs elevate mood instability and impulsivity, and might even lead to a manic or depressive episode. They also sabotage trea
tment. If you’re struggling with substance abuse, contact a mental health professional. 9. WATCH your emotions. Some individuals with bipolar disorder have a hard time experiencing their emotions. In her book The Dialectical Behavior Therapy Skills Workbook for Bipolar Disorder, _NAME_ features many valuable exercises for healthful coping. In one exercise, she suggests WATCHing your emotions, especially if you’re used to avoiding them. Watch: Watch your emotions by noticing the physical sensations in your body and the thoughts running through your head. Avoid acting: Don’t act right away. Instead, remind yourself that emotions are not facts. You don’t have to do anything about them. Think: “Think of your emotion as a wave. Remember that it will go away on its own as long as you don’t try to push it away.” Choose: Choose to let yourself feel this emotion. Remind yourself that it’s best to experience your emotions, instead of avoiding them. Helpers: “Remember that emotions are helpers. They al
l serve a purpose and are here to tell you something important.” Some emotions may signal that something needs to change. For instance, anger might hint that a situation is unfair, and needs remedying. 10. Work on activities that build mastery. Building mastery gives you a sense of accomplishment, _NAME_ said. What activity you choose “will just depend on where [you are in your] life and what will create that feeling of being productive.” For instance, she said, this might mean volunteering, getting out of bed at 9 a.m. instead of noon or going to the gym three times a week. Or it might mean checking “the mail if that’s something you’ve been avoiding, … gardening or going for a 5-minute walk.” Bipolar disorder is a serious illness. The illness itself along with treating it can feel overwhelming. But by taking small steps every day, you can effectively manage and minimize symptoms and lead a healthy, fulfilling life. If you’re not involved in treatment, contact a doctor or mental health pract
itioner. The strongest and healthiest step you can take is to seek professional support. Article first appeared in https://psyhcentral.com in 2018"
175869965,"Thank you so much! You gave some great advice. I am working on being more independent and relying less on caregivers as I am in an ok place at the moment. My family gets briefs and absorbent bed pads through Medicaid which I am grateful for. I would like to be able not to need them in public as they are bulky and hard to hide. I think you are right about acceptance. I need to work on accepting my situation and need for care even if I am not happy with it. I hope what I wrote made sense and again, thank you for being so kind."
175869966,"i don't know how to act without constructing some identity to put on as i emerge into public. well i mean when i'm in intimate contact with humans. if i'm just going to the grocery the standard blank personality works fine enough. there are quite a few fictional characters, stereotypes, and archetypal types i like and have mimicked."
175869967,The Keys to Managing Anger Anger is a healthy emotion in everybody’s life — when it’s expressed in an appropriate manner at the right time. Read more here: ( https://blogs.psychcentral.com/anger/2019/11/the-keys-to-managing-anger / )
175869968,"My experience is: I have always been on the lowest dose possible of anti psychotics for my well being.... I've been taking these meds since 1977 and I am generally OK but over weight at 250# for 6 feet...... The worst drug for side effects was my 3mg of risperidone - took for 20 years and gained 100# - psychiatrist said it messed with my prolactin - hormone and my breasts enlarged. My experience..... Before this, I took 5MG Stelazine and after 20 years started to shake so was switched to Risperidone. For the last 6 years or so, I have been on 40mg Latuda - by far my best drug with no apparent side effects - My experience, but everybody is different, I believe. The drug change over is can be rough and with me can take up to a year. Suggest as far as my experience is - find a drug and stay on the lowest possible dose..... Don't suggest, going on and off medication....... Basically, lots is not known about the very long term???? so I'm told by my doctor........ The medication becomes a big part of you
r brain and neuro pathways - from my experience - a small change can have a big effect......... Personally, I don't think family doctors should be prescribing psychiatric medication as it is an specialty art and science..... Hope this helps....."
175869969,There is a song called “In The Middle” already but I’m not going to post it here because it’s really inappropriate.
175869970,I’m always that inappropriate office guy. Benefit of working remotely.
175869971,Is it safe? Heard good things about it
175869972,You asked for thoughts; here they are: What are you actually getting out of this relationship? It sounds like you are going to extreme lengths to try to make this work with someone who mistreats you. Couldn't you get a pet instead?
175869973,"Seeing as one table spoon is about 400mg , I’m gonna half it. I only need about 200mg. High doses are too much for me. It’s good stuff!"
175869974,Is it the Abilify? You may need an adjustment because initially for me I felt weird like less sleep than usual and this desire to run. I’m on 7.5 but started on 10. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
174385153,My completely non-professional opinion: its foundations are nature (genetically inherited schizophrenia/schizotypy) and it was set off by environment and events in childhood. Does this mean I could have potentially avoided it with a different upbringing? I have no idea.
175869975,"Having a tough day too. Took my night mirtazapine an hour ago, and now waiting for it to kick in. Let’s hope tomorrow is better."
175869976,Well…technically…I’d probably have to say yes…lol. But if it keeps you happy I suppose thats better than having voices abusing you like you do sometimes.
175869977,Can you have a conversation with him about sharing the responsibilities? What would make you happy?
175869978,It’s because people who have pain are given these drugs which are very addictive. They get addicted. Their doc takes em off it. They try harder things like heroin and fentanyl what they can get their hands on. Pain pills are really expensive on the black market Heroin is much cheaper and more available
175869979,"We think that,studying these 270 regions in the twins will give more accurate results , because of the identical / similar genes between a person with SZ and a twin without SZ ! In the other side,if we supposed that ,you have found regions in the genome have a definite role in developing the sz suddenly in the early twenties and at the apex of autoimmunity How do you prevent the sz from happening before it happens ? The issue is to prevent the emergence of the Hallucination in the space / time coordinates of the human consciousness state , not to modify or improve the living conditions of the person,educational,cultural ,environmental or medical In the belief that they will prevent the occurrence of the symptoms,because development of the sz symptoms is linked to (associated with) the activity of the hallucination in the concept /path of feelings and self-thoughts that are addressed in the conscious mind Therefore,look for the regions that have a ROLE in the process of manifesting /materializing th
e hallucination in the conscious mind"
175869980,Doing pretty well today. I scheduled some hours for work. We'll see how that goes.
175869981,"I was thinking about this due to sz the axis is from something called future navigator in futurism but I was trying to decide between indirect realism and direct realism. Direct realism is probably safer for sz but it has the drawback that you are thinking less before you act, but with indirect realism you can really become detached from reality such as thinking it is a simulation to name only one possible error in interpretation."
175869983,"Hello! This place for me like home where I can be myself, it's so comfy :3 I'm trying to create small circle of friends and struggling to find any, maybe because I don't have many special interests (and won't have any hobby), and boring in discussions. Maybe someone have successful experience? (And I would be happy if someone from this forum can be my friend and talk with me about schizoid life, etc )"
175869984,I knew something awful was going to happen today.
175869985,You should not say one thing at one point then change your mind and say something else.
175869986,"I had my version of that about a year ago. My skin doctor told me I had a place she was going to have to send off for testing and it would be back with the results in a couple of weeks. For 2 weeks I sweated it out. I did not go out in the sun for 2 weeks. I went back in 2 weeks and she said everything was fine. I don't know that there is anything you can do but just deal with it as best you can. Since then, I only go outside with a sunhat, I don't go out in the day before about 4 p.m., and generally only when the sun is so low it creates shade. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness Coping With Holiday Anxiety"
175869987,Doxepin is a sleep aid… should I try it it is for insomnia… I am so very worn out…and Desperate for a good nights sleep… I am praying for sleep if I try this old med I found it prescribed to me as above mentioned… Don’t know if I had any adverse reactions to it… and Hoping it might help.
175869988,"It’s hard to say. I’ve been symptom free for 9 years but I 'm still trying different combo to avoid some side effects. What symptoms bothered me most? Well, I hate hullucinations most. Besides that I can’t bear depressions. A lot of AP caused depression to me such as Risperidone, Invega and Olanzapine. That’s why I only take low dose of Olanzapine. Amisulpride makes me happy but it gives me high prolactin levels. That’s why I haven’t quit Amisulpride completely as I need it to counteract the depressive effects of Olanzapine."
175869989,"My friend and his wife just bought this, and he said it blew his mind. Good luck with the sales!! As for your education, you don’t have to finish on time. Just watch out for cues that you are coming unglued. I think everyone has to do this, but in particular with a mental illness. I’d hate to see you relapse"
175869990,My husband and I were trying to go down the IVF route for kids and the dr told me my endometrial lining is 17mm when it is meant to be 10-12mm. He said I might bleed it out in my next period or might need surgery to further investigate. I’m feeling so stressed and anxious about the results of the scan on Monday I can’t stop thinking the worst. Has anyone else been in a similar situation? More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet
175869991,I’m so pissed right now!!! My f@#$& phone doesn’t want to upload image for some reason. I have a perfect cat pic but can’t even get it on. I’ll try… Dammit!!!
175869992,"yeah. I believe it’s an automated message. they used to send letters, and I said, save your stamp and paper. ha."
175869993,Did anyone get to the bottom of this? Health anxiety says it’s something terrible..... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
175869994,"My phone wont accept/store the ""bad numbers"" . It goes mad and starts turning itself on and off randomly until I finally delete the ""bad numbers""."
175869995,Just born too soon.
175869996,"Yes, it’s at two side story _AT_MENTION_ , opiates are the reason for a lot of misery and death, but also a lot of relief. Before we had AP and AD’s opium was the only drug we had to treat mental illness. I know _AT_MENTION_ . At the moment the pharma industry investigates a combination of naltrexone (an opioid antagonist) and buphrephornine (an synthetic opioid) to treat depression. They hope that this combination is not as addictive as synthetic opioid alone. And no _AT_MENTION_ you can’t use naltrexone for pain relief. It blocks the opioid receptors, so you don’t have that much a craving for opiates and alcohol. Besides that it is used if drug addicts get an overdose. Hope you are not in too much pain at the moment?"
175869997,"I noticed over the last few months during lockdown that my 'voices' not only mimic a broadcast or a very sly and clever form of covert harassment but essentially their behavior could be compared to a Phishing e-mail, whereby you unwitting respond to them, (Voices) and spoon feed them information, they meaning the Voices, can't tell if that data is real or fiction though they collectively form an assumption that because it's in your head, meaning the thought then it must be some actual factual data. I've noticed the tactic known as Phishing being noticed by me during the observation of theses 'voices' I just wondered if anybody has had any experiences or has made any clear observations with regards to this."
175869998,Am I delusional? I had visions that I would be taken away in 11 years and given plastic surgery to look like the current dictator. This supposedly happens to a thousand people and I would be used by my presence (looking like the dictator) to authorize killings of others. The visions told me they would kill me 7 years after this.
175869999,"sorry, this will be a long write off but i hope it answers your question as well as my experiences that may be relative, since it's important i convey my experiences and feel heard / supported properly, and hope it can create a better understanding on mental / emotional / physiological impairments / and personality / personality disorders, etc. i'm a straight male. i have never been in an actual intimate relationship, though i fantasize about it, but see it as unrealistic and requiring too much capacity, and not practical, and not something i would discuss personally, but something that just needs to come through ""naturally"". i have severe depression, as well as schizotypal PD that is 100 percent managed by regular sexual release ( masturbation from porn usage majority of the time ). if i do not not engage in this regularly every 24 hours at least, then the severe depression then becomes fatal, and i'm unable to do even basic things like eat food, sleep, drive a car, etc. the sexual release manag
es my brain chemistry, hormones, stress, physical and emotional pain, emotions, etc. obviously if i abstinent from it over 24 hours or so, there's a steady but quick dysfunction in my brain chemistry, hormones, and things i mentioned, so one major thing is that eventually i can't even manage to eat food ( despite being hungry and wanting to eat ), i just become extremely sick and trying to eat food feels like as if you're food poisoned and trying to eat something. i usually do sexual release twice a day, once in the mid day usually and the second time right before bed. i usually can't fall asleep if i only had sexual release once in the mid day and try to force myself to sleep at night without the 2nd sexual release right before it, and so eventually, after stress fully sitting in the bed for like an hour, i engage in masturbation and ultimately the sexual release. sometimes it may even occur in the middle of the night where i get up and need to have the release, and then i'm fine after that and can get back 
to sleep. surely elevated prolactin and stress levels are to blame, combined with sexual thoughts mandate the mechanism to do release. sometimes i'm lucky enough where i'm not really affected by these and can manage to fall asleep and stay asleep well till the next morning, but eventually, my body being out of whack shows itself and the severe depression becomes fatal where i have to do the sexual release to get me back and alive and functional. the abstinence thing isn't something i get myself into ever, it's only something i found myself in like 2 or 3 times. one time which was basically necessary was when i was coming off latuda which caused me severe side effects that eventually caused me to get hospitalized from it's so called ""Side effects"". the drug shouldn't have ever been prescribed to me, and neither of any of the anti psychotics, because it was pretty much blocking something it shouldn't have, in this case, dopamine. it was prescribed to me because a past naive psychiatrist thought it would be he
lpful for me because i mentioned i struggle with ""anger"". it was naive for her to prescribe it because anger can be caused by many different things and there are different types of anger. my anger is due to severe depression combined with a personality disorder, and unfavorable living circumstances from both ongoing and past, etc. the latuda ###$ me up for 3 days of taking it and not only did it even worsen my brain inflammation, swelling, and physical and emotional pain, i could barely do anything at all, eat, sleep, etc. it did in every way torture me and didn't do 1 thing positive. i never even understood how this drug would help ANYONE, regardless of whether it's supposed to treat some specific ""Symptom"" or not. i was rushed to the hospital on the third night after the ""Side effects"" made it fatal. as i was lying in bed just trying to sleep to another day, the restlessness and agitation and stress and ###$ up nature the drug did to me eventually caused me to get up so agitated, that i got up and sta
rted having crying spells, screaming on and off, while having convulsions of some sort, with my head jerking violently on and off here and there, i remember my mouth / tongue had become really dry right before the more severe symptoms showed up, and i of course had difficulty breathing in the process. luckily my mom was around and rushed me to the hospital while i was just sitting very difficulty trying to just survive basically. at the hospital, they said they couldn't really do much but wait for the drug to eventually leave my system but that they were able to give me ativan and some anti nausea medicine which seemed to help somewhat keep me more contained. after some time, they let me know if i was ok to go and i was like, let's see, and i was ok enough to go, still my brain was messed up or w.e. for the next day or two, i didn't engage in sexual release because i _NAME_ the connection that since sexual release lowers dopamine right after and you were taking the latuda which block dopamine, preventing it f
rom getting back to a functional level, it created a fatal effect ( considering i was doing it rather compulsively around 3 times per day when i was on it ), so to be safe and let the drug leave my system, i tried to extend the amount of time as much as possibly i could to let the drug leave my system and let my brain's dopamine or w.e to get back to a more functional / healthy level, and then go back to doing it when i know it's safe to do and feel ok, and so i did, and i was back to my ""normal"" brain functioning after a few days or so. but yeh, it was the latuda's dopamine blocking aspect which primarily ###$ me up and caused increased physical pain / brain inflammation, because people don't understand that dopamine isn't just for reward and motivation, it also modulates pain ( physically and emotionally ). which is also why in the abstinence periods, when i wouldn't be able to eat at the dining table, when i engaged in the sexual release and came back to eat, i was able to eat and didn't feel sick, which 
is due to a complex effect on serotonin ( 5-HT released into lateral hypothalamus ) and then there is dopamine and other stuff, however, because i still felt weak and not as alive and joyful, and just feeling down still, i had to engage in it again right after momentarily and after that, i felt ""ok"" enough to keep going, which i believe would have to do with the dopamine being higher in some way, related to arousal, etc. i don't know if this is true or not, but i have researched a lot on sexual release / ejaculation effects, and although things are a bit unclear. i believe that some reason that explains why i feel better or more alive when i engage in the usual 2 times a day sexual release, could be due to increased postsynpatic dopamine receptor activation, maybe specifically in the lateral hypothalamus that gives a sense of well being, which is also why i'm keen on trying modafinil, because although it's not meant for treating depression, could be helpful in certain ways since it works in the same regions 
i mentioned, however, the serotonin aspect would be unchanged so it probably wouldn't help, and may even make things worse, depending on when i am taking it, etc, but the best way of finding out of course is trying to see how it works to see if you do benefit from it, when you could take it as being most appropriate."
175870000,Wish you well. _PHONE_NO_
175870001,"First I'm new to Inspire, - joined to share my lived experience with Sz recovery! I'm 70 years old and was diagnosed correctly, in 1977, and discharged back then with an excellent prognosis. Maybe your son is in a state resembling - catatonic - maybe he doesn't respond much to external stimulus???? Recommendation - provide a very psychologically safe environment and let him be in his inner world - may be lots of self persecution going on - subconsciously and consciously.............. This may go on for several weeks........... After some time maybe he could sit in on a cooking class run by a clinical Occupational Therapist......... this helped me and changed my inner world......... Back in 1977, hospital wanted to give me ECT because I was in one of these catatonic type worlds........... My mom refused consent............ I'm glad I didn't get that treatment............ Here is a book from Amazon with a chapter on modern ECT and how it is done..... U. of Toronto Medical _NAME_ said on cover - best 
chapter he has ever seen written on ECT - Book available on Kindle $12.99 or Audible.... I've read and it is a wonderful book about modern psychiatry in a top research and teaching hospital.......... How Can I Help?: A Week in My Life as a Psychiatrist Audible Audiobook – Unabridged _NAME_ MD (Author), _PERSON_ (Author), _NAME_ (Narrator), Audible Studios (Publisher) 4.4 out of 5 stars 24 ratings This post, I believe gives you good content from my own lived experience and an expert type modern book reference written by a U. of Toronto, Professor of Psychiatry............ My email: _EMAIL_ I follow these posts on Inspire even though I'm new - my goal is to be helpful with providing my own lived experience with recovery......... God Bless, _NAME_"
175870002,"I always used to feel I wouldn't be normal again. My Thorazine has really helped me get back to a normal life. I am now in college classes and am doing so much better. I also used to have lots of fears and would hear lots of voices, but now the fears are minor and are barely there. I don't hear the voices anymore either. I have actually been quite happy. This support group can be helpful. I am also on hydroxizine. for my anxiety and Trintellex for depression. They are all very helpful and my life has really improved. I used to see a counselor all the time and now I haven't talked to her in months."
175870003,Things turned bad.
175870004,"Sometimes getting out of the bed in the morning can be one of the hardest things to do when you live with mental illness. Whether it’s down to fatigue or because you’re depressed and don’t feel motivated, it can feel like climbing a mountain to get your day started. Over the years I’ve established a morning routine which helps mornings feel a little more manageable. 1. Set an alarm 10 minutes earlier than you need to get out of bed I know that for some people, jumping straight out of bed when their alarm goes off helps them to wake up. I find the opposite is true for me. Setting an alarm and knowing that I have to get up right away is too much for me. It takes me a while to combat fatigue, to get my eyes fully open and gain full awareness of my surroundings. I like to give myself 10 to 15 minutes before I need to get up so I don’t feel rushed. I may just lie and think about the day ahead, or I may have a little play around on my phone once I feel able. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipol
ar-journey/2020/02/6-ways-to-make-getting-up-in-the-morning-a-little-bit-easier/"
175870005,"Feeling solipsistic. I got mad at my mom and said she was gaslighting my emotions because I'm not happy about what she has done to me - And I'm sick of being around her all of the time because she'll sulk and then it's evening - So she pours a glass of wine and finishes off a bottle or more every night. I'm annoyed that she had no guilt about cheating on my dad and made me go fishing with my ex ""step dad"" for the first time when I didn't want to. I'm mad that my life has been a complete concentration camp simulation from the moment that I was a kid until now. Possible trigger: I've been thinking of suicide but I won't do it. I just walked to the gas station and bought a pint of rum, chased it with coca cola while walking home and then smoked weed I'm going to apologize to my mom when she gets home because she's sulking. I know that this post is stupid, delusional and pathetic but I don't care. I care rarely about anything these days."
175870006,"Ha, yes… addicted to ETC (in fact some are addicted to ECT) They are trying to find a combination of opiod agonists and antagonists. That could be, naltrexone + buphrenorphine to avoid getting addicted. My pdoc is at the moment considering this kind of medication in a very low dose."
175870007,"Hi _PERSON_, I am glad to see you post and it actually sounds like things are getting better but moving kind of fast. If you got a promotion, wouldn't you be making more money? Or isn't it enough to make up for all the driving. Too bad you couldn't car pool with somebody. I would say embrace your feelings no matter what they are, they are yours. Try to take one day at a time. Focus only on that day. Things will come easier. I am sorry to hear about your fiancee's father. I imagine that was stressful for all and then to have to deal with probate. But I know how it goes and it is something you just have to handle. I am glad your old roommate is helping with the bills. It sounds like your fiance is getting the house which is awesome. It is nice to own something. Security. I wish you would become store manager. I think it would be good for you. You will probably get a pay increase and insurance. Or do you already have insurance? Health insurance is very helpful. I am sorry your fiance is sleeping a lot
. Do you think he is depressed? Or under a lot of stress right now? I am glad he has you there. Try to take things as they come. Don't forget to take care of yourself. I think you should consider the job promotion. Hang in there, thanks for checking in. _PERSON_, _NAME_... 12 More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season"
175870008,Vraylar has helped with negs. Are you on any drugs for your negs?
174386949,"Hi. I’m _NAME_. I have schizoaffective illness and manic symptoms also. I have a history of delusions, hallucinations, and paranoia. I have struggled in school and work related activities. I have a history of suicide attempts and self harm, and impulsive behavior. I’m settling down in my symptoms. a little bit better recently as I spend more time at home due to COVID. Mandated programs I think made my anxiety and the rest of my symptoms worse. It’s been a steady struggle uphill since I was diagnosed by a psychiatrist in 1998. I’m trying to come closer to understand myself better right now that I’m by myself more. I’m not afraid to call for help, though. I am compliant with medications and enjoy reaching out on the web lately."
175870009,"I think I'd not like going up and down in a day or so. I like to be along for a good LONG ride. Know I will still be UP tomorrow, and continue what I have been working on. To be ""pin-balling"" from _PERSON_ to Black Dog, that would be nightmarish to me. But then as I have said many times, Mania Never SCARES me so I don't FEAR it at all. Why be frightened I am going to be HAPPY and Funny and Creative? 8^) love d"
175870010,"You tend to be very honest and open when you DO take drugs, so if these docs have any experience with you as a person they should believe you. If they are new to your case, you might have a harder time explaining yourself."
175870011,I agree to talk with him and let him know that there are some house rules ... If he won't respect them really your only options are to either kick him out or tolerate the bad behaviour..... I hope that it will work out well.... Big hug.....xo
175870012,ah that’s long hair yea… i never had it that long.
175870013,That’s beautiful _AT_MENTION_
175870014,I'm not doing well. I had a _NAME_ lady from my doctor's office upset me with some negative comments. I've been bothered by them all day. My online therapist isn't very helpful at the moment. I'm ruminating and it's difficult to stop.
175870015,Being a philosopher does disqualify for SPD as keepers of one thought.
175870016,"Over the years I have noticed a clear distinct pattern of almost actual behaviour to the nature of hearing voices, as though in real-time conversations with a person or persons. I would love to hear from anyone who has or can relate to these observations as in a relative model. In order to make it more digestible, I will list them as follows. 1) They (voices) use tactics to make you respond to them, as they(voices) are looking for a reaction or some kind of response, in order to form a type of repeatable trigger, the idea is to use anything they (voices) can use to get you to engage within the conversation, it could be flattery, humouring you, or mostly using invasive insults directed at you. What stands out is the need for you to feed them with your acknowledgement or attention. 2)The use of negative psychological tactics like Bait & Switch, procuring a trigger or anchoring you to a word or phrase in order to torture you with said stimulus. This is known as anchoring. 3) They at times when grouped 
together use sort of Phishing tricks in order to extract information, emotionally groom you or try to psychological blackmail you, once successfully phishing you for weakness within your character, also even more noticeable is that combined the 'voices' have the characteristics of a sociopath. They will constantly goad and taunt you 24/7 even when in the bathroom, it's like being tied to a sex offender as they will use you as a common street drug. 4) The rate of volume differentiates between loud group mobbing's, to the single whispering of one voice reminiscent of a game of charades, whereby you have to finish off the last word or guess what they referring to. 5) The use of uncommon language or unknown vocabulary within the context of what's said by the voices, you would have to lock up the intended reference or veiled suggestion. 6)They are more frequent at night time when trying to sleep, also this can be accompanied by a feeling of lightness of your head like if drunk the night before, as well as a moment
ary blue flash of light like a spotlight or street light shone directly at you, are about to nod off. You notice out the corner of your eye. 7)The voices can comment on real-time events and things that you are doing, which makes you think you're being covertly filmed or spied upon. via bugs or hidden camera's. Mimicking abusive trends like Molka. It always responses back to your inner speech or what's termed as sub-vocalisation or silent speech. This offend gets confused with actual thoughts a person is having, as most real cognitive thoughts are non-vocal, like moving your arm or moving your head from side to side. 9) There seems to be an ear or side of your head that is more broadcast-able, with me it's my left Ear. 10) They stop the harassment/broadcast when you take the meds. ( Rohypnol) 11) The experience can include momentary Tinnitus which sounds like a very tonal high pitched tone, like what you hear when attending a hearing test at a Hospital Audio-gram machine. 12) Some times the voices are 24/7 and 
last for a number of years and at other times it's reduced to none at all. 13) By its nature it mimics trolling culture and Twitter storms, also Snap-chat witch hunts mobbing campaigns. 14) They 'Voices' try to turn you into their plaything or play cat & mouse with you, by use of power and control manipulation mind games. They want you to be a controlled victim or abuse plaything."
175870017,Sorry to hear that. I’m definitely delusional… I also hear voices and have involuntary speech (rarely)
175870018,"Sorry you’re feelilng this way, but it’s generally not something healthcare can fix. This is something you’ll need to do yourself. Do you have access to therapy? Can you afford therapy books? Do you at least have some hobbies? These help. Welcome to the community!"
175870019,I am sedated. So many meds today. Plus the benzo. My friends asked me to go out for coffee. What should I do?
174387185,"I have been stable for at least 5 years. Before that, sometimes I saw or heard things. One example was between 2009 and 2013. I sat in my living room and watched a scene on the wall as if it was a large screen. It was a sequence of violence and fire. I liken it to a combination of Hell and war. It turned out to be a reaction to Geodon. As soon as I told the doctor, they took me off it and I never had hallucinations like that again, nor had I ever before. As that particular instance was caused by medication, I do not attribute it to a disorder. There were other examples, however. Over the years, I have had milder hallucinations that did not seem to be due to medication. I do wonder whether I may just have bipolar disorder and the hallucinations I had were when I was manic only, or whether the diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder is correct. I am having trouble remembering. We are working on that question. Right now, I have a diagnosis of schizoaffective, but I also have a ""rule-out"" diagnosis of 
bipolar, which means just what it sounds like: we are trying to rule out bipolar. I am convinced that over time I can overcome most or all the symptoms of mental disorder that I have. I want to research my disorders intensely and do everything I can. Maybe I will succeed, and it is definitely worth trying. In any case, I have cut down my symptoms and can alleviate more as time goes on. Right now, I am trying to quit caffeine, as it adds to my higher mood states. I had about one 5-ounce cup of black tea today, down from two or three per day before yesterday. I am doing other things to work on myself as well, which I feel are inappropriate for this post, so I will save them for elsewhere. As I am a survivor of trauma, some of the things I am saving for elsewhere are the traumatic experiences I have had. I am on another forum for those. All in all, I feel solid about my recovery over the three decades I have struggled with mental disorder, and about my future. I Wish You All Well, Al"
175870020,what is iop? 151515
175870021,When the bois and I have a Dr. _PERSON_ party.
175870022,You should measure yourself more by how you feel and how clothes fit rather than weight. Muscle is denser than fat so you may lose 5lb of fat but lifting weights gain 5lb of muscle and lose half dress size. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175870023,"You have to get the attention of a mod. Paging _AT_MENTION_, _AT_MENTION_, _AT_MENTION_ or _AT_MENTION_ ."
175870024,"t’s difficult enough dealing with episodes of depression, mania and hypomania. It’s made even worse when imagined emotional and somatic symptoms inhibit treatment. Yet these imagined ailments, indicators of hypochondria, are common in those of us with bipolar disorder. Hypochondria during mania, when feelings of self-esteem and invincibility are high, is rare, although imagined illnesses or threats may spike as manic episodes end. During hypomania or depression hypochondria is much more common. Perhaps for this reason, people with bipolar disorder 2, who are more prone to hypomania and depression, are more likely to exhibit hypochondria than people with BP 1, who experience more mania. Hypochondria is the preoccupation with having or acquiring a serious illness, most often a chronic physical illness. It splits into four factors: Patho-thanatophobia reflects the fears of serious injury or death. Symptom effect describes the effects of symptoms on everyday life and work. Treatment seeking reflect
s the action of disease treatment and prevention. Hypochondriacal beliefs are the doubts of being healthy despite medical reassurance. These four factors make up what we know as hypochondria, and all are found with disproportionate frequency in people with bipolar disorder. Two of them, however, are especially pernicious. Patho-thanatophobia fuels anxiety and is incredibly difficult to treat and reverse. This anxiety provoking fear of injury or death is actually more common in people with BP2 than it is in people with generalized anxiety disorder. Treatment seeking clogs the healthcare system and reinforces the BP patient’s emphasis on things that are wrong with them, especially in hypomanic episodes, instead of fostering the promise of good health that is both possible and positive for people with BP. Hypochondria in people with BP can be predictive in two ways. First, people with high levels of hypochondria are more likely to attempt suicide and suffer poorer outcomes when given standard treatment for BP. 
Also, increased hypochondriacal ideation often co-occurs with, or even precedes, episodes of hypomania and/or depression. People in mania experience fewer incidences of hypochondria due to the grandiosity and feelings of invincibility and narcissism common in manic episodes. It’s not only physical diseases that people with BP imagine suffering from. Many also believe they exhibit symptoms of mental illnesses unrelated to their own bipolar disorder. I remember during a hospitalization when a staff member unwisely left a copy of the DSM 4 on the coffee table in the day room. Another patient and I scoured the book and compared our experience to any number of recognized disorders. We were convinced that the doctors were wrong and we both, in fact, should have been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. We demanded to be reassessed and began to exhibit symptoms of BPD. Much of the progress we had made to that point was lost. It’s no surprise that high levels of neuroticism are correlated with high lev
els of hypochondria. It’s also no surprise that high levels of hypochondria significantly set back gains in treatment and make positive outcomes in BP much less likely. It takes information, courage and humility to admit you’re wrong, especially on feelings about your own health. However, cognitive impairment during episodes of hypomania and depression, or late-stage manic episodes, may make this self-awareness difficult, if not impossible. The neuroticism that breeds hypochondria is intransigent and eludes easy treatment. To this end we must be open to the conclusions of medical experts and the evidence against our perceived illnesses. With bipolar disorder we have enough challenges to treat and overcome. Adding imagined ones only makes a very difficult road even more harrowing to navigate. Read more here: Hypochondria and Bipolar Disorder"
174387304,"My son, age 24, was diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was almost 18. The medication has controlled the positive symptoms, but my son really suffers from the negative symptoms. He has been not been able to hold a job, take traditional classes nor even attend vocational school, due to lack of initiation and motivation and weak executive functioning skills. He also struggles with addiction, in particular marijuana. (I don't have anything personally against pot, but it just does not do anything good for my son - makes his negative symptoms even worse.) Anyway, after six years of going nowhere with our community mental health resources, him in and out of rehab, and a stint of homelessness for 3 months, we finally found a residential facility that would take our insurance. Things were going pretty good and I felt a sense of, dare I say, hope for my son and then Covid hit. The facility is taking an abundance of caution so basically most everything is on hold except for zoom meetings with therapists and 
some online groups which my son has a hard time engaging with. The residents are not allowed to work and they hardly take them off the property except to go on a hike on the weekends. They used to have so much going on for them and I could sleep well at night knowing he was being taken good care of. I was only able to visit him the first time since February just this last week, but we had to be 6 feet apart or wear masks - no touching allowed. That was SOOO hard. My son has been a trooper with everything I have ever asked him to do. Always trying to comply, although his addiction has made this difficult at times. When I saw him last week he looked so sad and lonely and for the first time really tried to make a case for coming home. I want my son to be with me more than anything during this crazy time, but I know it's not the right thing for him in the long run. We live out in the country, sort of, with only a gas station/store within walking distance - no public transportation, not even Uber and he does not d
rive. The last time he stayed with us at this house he spent his time smoking cigarettes non-stop, walking back and forth to the gas station to get snacks where he would try to score pot. Not a good situation - and this was before Covid when we could get out and about and I would go places with him (movies, restaurants, mall etc.) to help alleviate some of his boredom. I just can't imagine him living here now. But it is absolutely breaking my heart to leave him at the facility the way things are now with Covid - minimal programming, zero opportunities for the residents to interact with the outside world, etc. I just don't know how long this is going to go on - no one does. And that is part of the issue - the not knowing. When will he be able to start ""living"" again and working towards his goals? When can I take him to go do something fun during our visits instead of sitting in the heat at tables 6 feet apart? When will I be able to hug my son again? He has not brought up again to me wanting to leave since w
e saw each other last week, but when we Facetime I can see it in his eyes and I can see his loneliness. It is tearing me apart. Anyone else out there who has a loved one in a residential facility and is having a similar experience?"
175870025,"Dude, that’s amazing! I know that feeling since I struggle with being followed, especially with headphones on… I’m really glad the medication is working! Hopefully it stays and keeps getting better for you."
174387522,"Hello cosmos_mamacat, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about supporting a family member with schizoaffective disorder on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: Supporting a family member with schizoaffective disorder We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175870026,Boom boom tonight . Going blind
175870027,"I don't know whether you have a personality disorder, but if the symptoms of paranoia, anxiety in public and obsessive-compulsive behaviors are causing you distress there's no reason not to go get another psychiatrist referral from your doctor. What does your therapist say about the things that you mentioned in your post?"
175870028,"Not. Good. Enough. You need to explain that her not having expertise in this area, and this being ""rare"" does not disqualify you from having it. If she is unsure, she needs to refer you to someone who does understand it and has expertise in how to treat it. She cannot just re-diagnosed you because SHE doesn't want to deal with the diagnosis. Advocate for yourself."
175870029,Dude no one is a demon demons do not exist.
175870030,"Pinch hitting for _PERSON_, _NAME_"
175870031,PubMed Stressful life events and psychosis gender differences - PubMed There is evidence that stressful events are associated with psychosis. This study aimed to explore sex differences in the association between stressful life events occurring during childhood and adulthood and psychosis. 78 psychotic patients and 156...
175870032,I thought you didn’t have sz?
175870033,This post is from 2012 so I'll close it.... xo
175870034,162098510521411460894225311130513024×4032 2.21 MB trying with a little sugar and imatation bananna flavor added… 162098515610189043084217359156373024×4032 3.02 MB crossing fingers…
175870035,"Sounds like you got it covered. Try to put it out of your mind, relax and enjoy your trip"
175870036,"I tried a few sales jobs. I never tried to sell anything that wasn’t a worthy product. A good, top of the line set of encyclopedias can make a valuable contribution to your child’s education, particularly in the hands of a child who is bright and inquisitive … Seriously, there are a few sales outfits out there that are selling crap, but mostly they sell worthy products. The emergency roadside assistance I tried to sell cost a little more than their competitors, but they offered more services. It is a pretty pushy way of doing business, though."
175870037,That’s a weird way to admit you’re a time traveler.
175870038,"Schizophrenia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizophrenia Schizophrenia is a psychiatric disorder characterized by continuous or relapsing episodes of psychosis.[5] Major symptoms include hallucinations (typically hearing voices), delusions, and disorganized thinking.[7] Other symptoms include social withdrawal, decreased emotional expression, and apathy.[5][13] Symptoms typically come on gradually, begin in young adulthood, and in many cases never resolve.[3][7] There is no objective diagnostic test; diagnosis is based on observed behavior, a history that includes the person's reported experiences, and reports of others familiar with the person.[7] To be diagnosed with schizophrenia, symptoms and functional impairment need to be present for six months (DSM-5) or one month (ICD-11).[7][11] Many people with schizophrenia have other mental disorders that often includes an anxiety disorder such as panic disorder, an obsessive???compulsive disorder, or a substance use disorder.[7] About 0.3% to 0.7% of 
people are affected by schizophrenia during their lifetime.[14] In 2017, there were an estimated 1.1 million new cases and in 2019 a total of 20 million cases globally.[2][15] Males are more often affected and on average have an earlier onset.[2] The causes of schizophrenia include genetic and environmental factors.[5] Genetic factors include a variety of common and rare genetic variants.[16] Possible environmental factors include being raised in a city, cannabis use during adolescence, infections, the ages of a person's mother or father, and poor nutrition during pregnancy.[5][17] About half of those diagnosed with schizophrenia will have a significant improvement over the long term with no further relapses, and a small proportion of these will recover completely.[7][18] The other half will have a lifelong impairment,[19] and severe cases may be repeatedly admitted to hospital.[18] Social problems such as long-term unemployment, poverty, homelessness, exploitation, and victimization are common consequences o
f schizophrenia.[20][21] Compared to the general population, people with schizophrenia have a higher suicide rate (about 5% overall) and more physical health problems,[22][23] leading to an average decrease in life expectancy by 20 years.[10] In 2015, an estimated 17,000 deaths were caused by schizophrenia.[12] The mainstay of treatment is antipsychotic medication, along with counselling, job training, and social rehabilitation.[5] Up to a third of people do not respond to initial antipsychotics, in which case the antipsychotic clozapine may be used.[24] In situations where there is a risk of harm to self or others, a short involuntary hospitalization may be necessary.[25] Long-term hospitalization may be needed for a small number of people with severe schizophrenia.[26] In countries where supportive services are limited or unavailable, long-term hospital stays are more typical.[27] Bipolar https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bipolar_disorder Bipolar disorder, previously known as manic depression, is a mental disor
der characterized by periods of depression and periods of abnormally elevated mood that last from days to weeks each.[4][5][7] If the elevated mood is severe or associated with psychosis, it is called mania; if it is less severe, it is called hypomania.[4] During mania, an individual behaves or feels abnormally energetic, happy, or irritable,[4] and they often make impulsive decisions with little regard for the consequences.[5] There is usually also a reduced need for sleep during manic phases.[5] During periods of depression, the individual may experience crying and have a negative outlook on life and poor eye contact with others.[4] The risk of suicide is high; over a period of 20 years, 6% of those with bipolar disorder died by suicide, while 30???40% engaged in self-harm.[4] Other mental health issues, such as anxiety disorders and substance use disorders, are commonly associated with bipolar disorder.[4] While the causes of bipolar disorder are not clearly understood, both genetic and environmental facto
rs are thought to play a role.[4] Many genes, each with small effects, may contribute to the development of disorder.[4][8] Genetic factors account for about 70???90% of the risk of developing bipolar disorder.[9][10] Environmental risk factors include a history of childhood abuse and long-term stress.[4] The condition is classified as bipolar I disorder if there has been at least one manic episode, with or without depressive episodes, and as bipolar II disorder if there has been at least one hypomanic episode (but no full manic episodes) and one major depressive episode.[5] If the symptoms are due to drugs or medical problems, they are not diagnosed as bipolar disorder.[5] Other conditions having overlapping symptoms with bipolar disorder include attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, personality disorders, schizophrenia, and substance use disorder as well as many other medical conditions.[4] Medical testing is not required for a diagnosis, though blood tests or medical imaging can rule out other problems
.[11] Mood stabilizers???lithium and certain anticonvulsants such as valproate and carbamazepine???are the mainstay of long-term relapse prevention.[12] Antipsychotics are given during acute manic episodes as well as in cases where mood stabilizers are poorly tolerated or ineffective or where compliance is poor.[12] There is some evidence that psychotherapy improves the course of this disorder.[13] The use of antidepressants in depressive episodes is controversial???they can be effective but have been implicated in triggering manic episodes.[14] The treatment of depressive episodes is often difficult.[12] Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective in acute manic and depressed episodes, especially with psychosis or catatonia.a[12] Admission to a psychiatric hospital may be required if a person is a risk to themselves or others; involuntary treatment is sometimes necessary if the affected person refuses treatment.[4] Bipolar disorder occurs in approximately 1% of the global population.[12] In the United State
s, about 3% are estimated to be affected at some point in their life; rates appear to be similar in females and males.[6][16] The most common age at which symptoms begin is 20; an earlier onset in life is associated with a worse prognosis.[17] Around a quarter to a third of people with bipolar disorder have financial, social, or work-related problems due to the illness.[4] Bipolar disorder is among the top 20 causes of disability worldwide and leads to substantial costs for society.[18] Due to lifestyle choices and the side effects of medications, the risk of death from natural causes such as coronary heart disease in people with bipolar disorder is twice that of the general population.[4] Psychosis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychosis Psychosis is a condition of the mind that results in difficulties determining what is real and what is not real.[4] Symptoms may include delusions and hallucinations.[4] Other symptoms may include incoherent speech and behavior that is inappropriate for the situation.[4] The
re may also be sleep problems, social withdrawal, lack of motivation, and difficulties carrying out daily activities.[4] Psychosis can have serious outcomes.[6] Psychosis has many different causes.[4] These include mental illness, such as schizophrenia or bipolar disorder, sleep deprivation, some medical conditions, certain medications, and drugs such as alcohol or cannabis.[4] One type, known as postpartum psychosis, can occur after giving birth.[7] The neurotransmitter dopamine is believed to play a role.[8] Acute psychosis is considered primary if it results from a psychiatric condition and secondary if it is caused by a medical condition.[9] The diagnosis of a mental health condition requires excluding other potential causes.[10] Testing may be done to check for central nervous system diseases, toxins, or other health problems as a cause.[11] Treatment may include antipsychotic medication, counselling, and social support.[4][5] Early treatment appears to improve outcomes.[4] Medications appear to have a m
oderate effect.[12][13] Outcomes depend on the underlying cause.[5] In the United States about 3% of people develop psychosis at some point in their lives.[4] The condition has been described since at least the 4th century BCE by Hippocrates and possibly as early as 1500 BCE in the Egyptian Ebers Papyrus.[14][15]"
175870039,PubMed Formal thought disorder in patients with first-episode schizophrenia: Results... Formal thought disorder (FTD) refers to abnormal speech patterns that can be characterized by deficiencies in thought organization and direction. The present study aimed to assess the factor structure of FTD and to examine its relationship with...
175870040,"I did magic mushrooms when I was 15 and I had the time of my life. I did get a come down for a couple of hours though, but I enjoyed myself. The next few months I felt very refreshed and confident. I don’t think it’ll have the same effect now that I have schizophrenia."
175870041,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate your taking the time to introduce yourself to your community and hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! We also wanted to let you know that our partner for this community may have more information about this situation so we have provided their contact information below. SARDAA Phone: (800) 493-2094 _EMAIL_ www.SARDAA.org We hope this helps in your search for answers. Thank you again for sharing! TeamInspire"
175870042,I'm so sorry SP. The planter your mom designed looks beautiful.
175870043,Very few people in the east live like that. Most people where Zen philosophy has spread like China and Japan are just as or even more caught up in capitalism and materialism than anyone in the west.
175870044,"I think if _NAME_ were around today he could probably be diagnosed as schizotypal; he was quite candid about seeing and speaking with angels, but I haven't seen anything about him that suggests that psychosis was a regular part of his life (this kind of claim is always contentious with historical figures though as you mention)"
175870045,I'm doing alright today. Some ups and downs. That's life.
175870046,I’d like “a vessel parched and fractured” please and thanks! 20201005_2031443024×4032 1.79 MB FB_IMG_1575756729785800×1440 33.6 KB
175870047,"I'm busy but doing well. The new man is still in touch with me so it is promising! I am happy!!I have too much work though and am tired. But, life continues. I am still compliant and am symptom-free for now. I feel fine. Life is not that bad! I hope all of you the best!! Please hang in there!!"
175870048,I'm doing okay. I'm getting a case manager/care coordinator for a few months. It sounds like. That was helpful last year when I had one. Hopefully this time will be helpful too.
174388687,I've recently been put back on topamax and since then I have been on a record 3 day psychosis seeing everything made out 4 dimensional puzzles. Like the fabric of reality. Has anyone else had this experience before? It would be interesting. I'm Schizotypal/Latent Schizophrenic so I can tell that it is an hallucination but I still feel like they might mean something whether it be spiritual or psychological while going through them.
175870049,I’d like to meet someone like this irl If MF people were more open about ???? like MI things would be so much better
175870050,"Haven't noticed you posting and maybe I missed weekly thread, but hope you are doing okay. Let us know how you are. _PERSON_, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?"
175870051,"wow! what kind of profiling is this? figure you’re not on the ball, well yeah, I’m not always on the ball! it probably all comes down to money. geez."
175870052,I saw a documentary about _NAME_ fry having bipolar. He explained it well. That's the only thing I know him for.
175870053,bump
175870054,I haven't been able to relax this weekend. I had a lot of chores to deal with and I waited on a shipment to arrive. Something I have to sign for. It never showed up. I checked the tracking. It's supposed to arrive tomorrow now. It's been stressful. I wasn't able to take a nap. And I was so tired. I have to do it all again tomorrow. It makes me angry.
175870055,"Well, SPD don't really ""attach"", but sure, that type would be most probable. I would have been out 5 weeks ago, if not sooner. Probably sooner."
175870056,"_AT_MENTION_ That video was very informative, thanks. Shame that caplyta was such a fail."
175870057,"We have made it through the holidays in one piece. Hip. Hip. _PERSON_. I know how hard it was to sometimes bite your tongue and to stick to your schedule. But I ate my through it with cookies. PUT THE COOKIES DOWN Sorry, dear reader, but we need to lighten the load. I ate so many cookies it is embarrassing. So now we have to get back in the habit of that dreaded word, “exercise.” Start gently with walking a bit several times a week. If you have a dog – bond. If you are up for it, join a gym (especially one with no contract). Remember, no one walks into a gym looking the way he or she will if they work out consistently. You can do it for appearance sake, but while your are trying to whittle that middle, your brain is becoming happier. Exercise is good for everyone, especially those of us who are overweight and/or have a mood disorder. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/01/04/new-years-resolution-bipolar-patients-can-stick-to/"
174389157,"Hello, I'm 25 and have a college degree and lost my previous job due to schizoaffective disorder bipolar type 1. I'm wondering what work works for you guys? Thank you"
175870058,The photos are taking ages to load. My connection is fine so I think it must be the forum server
175870059,There is no option like “i didn t vaccinated yet” so i choose i wont vaccinated because i don t trust vaccine.but i m not.i m not trusting vaccines but i want to vaccinated but i didn t get yet.because i don t want to be marginalise and became health terrorist.
175870060,"I have done nothing with this information. You obviously can't accuse them publicly, or in person. I just use it when they are changing my sentience in order t5o force me to commit suicide, or when I am arguing with them, while they try to force me to commit suicide."
174389318,"Hello, Looking for information on this and cannot find any information on my question at least I haven't. I had trouble figuring out where to post this because my question has more to do with schizophrenia than personality disorder, but maybe this is better suited in one of the Cluster A disorder sub-forums. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK5 ... e/ch3.t22/ Positive symptoms, such as hallucinations and delusions, are symptoms where abnormal thoughts, behaviors or feelings are present when they are normally absent. Negative symptoms, such as flat affect or low motivation, are when normal thoughts, behaviors or feelings are not present when they should be. I am trying to understand distinction between someone with all Cluster A disorders Vs Schizophrenia. https://behavenet.com/diagnostic-criter ... y-disorder *There is a trigger word link on this site for those with self-harm idealization or history of self-harm* Schizotypal (1) ideas of reference (excluding delusions of reference) (2) odd belie
fs or magical thinking that influences behavior and is inconsistent with subcultural norms (e.g., superstitiousness, belief in clairvoyance, telepathy, or ""sixth sense""; in children and adolescents, bizarre fantasies or preoccupations) (3) unusual perceptual experiences, including bodily illusions (4) odd thinking and speech (e.g., vague, circumstantial, metaphorical, overelaborate, or stereotyped) (5) suspiciousness or paranoid ideation (6) inappropriate or constricted affect (7) behavior or appearance that is odd, eccentric, or peculiar (8) lack of close friends or confidants other than first-degree relatives (9) excessive social anxiety that does not diminish with familiarity and tends to be associated with paranoid fears rather than negative judgments about self https://behavenet.com/diagnostic-criter ... y-disorder Paranoid personality (1) suspects, without sufficient basis, that others are exploiting, harming, or deceiving him or her (2) is preoccupied with unjustified doubts about the loyalty or trus
tworthiness of friends or associates (3) is reluctant to confide in others because of unwarranted fear that the information will be used maliciously against him or her (4) reads hidden demeaning or threatening meanings into benign remarks or events (5) persistently bears grudges, i.e., is unforgiving of insults, injuries, or slights (6) perceives attacks on his or her character or reputation that are not apparent to others and is quick to react angrily or to counterattack (7) has recurrent suspicions, without justification, regarding fidelity of spouse or sexual partner B. Does not occur exclusively during the course of Schizophrenia, a Mood Disorder With Psychotic Features, or another Psychotic Disorder and is not due to the direct physiological effects of a general medical condition. I've come across a (1) person diagnosed with all of Cluster A disorders and to me they act like a person with schizophrenic diagnosis who has good treatment plan. If a person is diagnosed with all three (3) cluster A disorders 
Paranoid personality disorder Schizoid personality disorder Schizotypal personality disorder Is the only reason why a person is not diagnosed with schizophrenia is because of ""Positive Symptoms"" does not last continually for a whole month where it disturbs the persons ability to function in life tasks and interactions? I suppose with Paranoid and Schizotypal personality disorder may only last for a few hours or for only a few days. And are not hard to reason with and convince that their perception is veering away from reality of a situation. I hope I did not offend anyone, not my intent. This is a serious question with intent to understand."
174389500,Who agrees that anosognosia and HIPAA prevent family involvement? Who agrees that HIPAA created a police department that is codependent in keeping our loved ones homeless? Who agrees that reclassifying schizophrenia as a brain disease will open those avenues of support that are closed to us? Who in California would like to join a brand new _PERSON_ family member support chapter?
175870061,"Please do not be arguing about religion on here. It goes against site rules, whichever way you lean."
175870062,i thought genes couldn’t predict schizophrenia?
175870063,"My loved people who are still here and alive, also become partly imaginary, when they are not near. But that’s because you love them and want to protect them."
175870064,Eat ???? if you like it so much
175870065,"Hey! Thanks for the time. Yes it definitely can take over. For the most part I’m good but then something like this happens and I can’t think about anything else. Dreading the worst of course. Then just to make it worse, earlier today I remembered my buddy who passed away a couple months ago. He was in a bad car accident then he was fine, out of the hospital then he died. Something ended up rupturing in his brain. Not to make it about me when he’s the one who passed but now I’m just expecting this to happen to me. Can’t wait til my appointment on Saturday but even then man smh idk. This sucks. Thanks again for reading and the reply. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175870066,I like that they’re finally making sense. Maybe it’ll spread across the country eventually
175870067,"I dont do much, watch some anime. Used to do a lot of sports and drawing but now i just lack the motivation Thanks for your answer btw"
175870068,"Yeah, I forgot to add the ‘I haven’t been vaccinated yet’ into the poll. My bad…"
175870069,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! Glad you like
174389823,"hi, i was gonna talk about what sort of medications could be useful for helping me, as someone who is diagnosed with several conditions, schizotypal personality disorder, major depression, and most recently schizoaffective disorder from a psychiatrist ( technically was a nurse practitioner from my local health center ), and it's unclear whether i really have this disorder or not, however, i wanted to make the point that i have a broad range of problems and the types of medications that i wanted to get some feedback for is the ones i felt would be most appropriate, given my specific biology, problems, etc. for one, i deal regularly from ongoing overwhelming stress, further made worse by life circumstances, environment, ways of living, boredom, emptiness, financial limitations / hardships, all of which are out of my hand of course, and nothing rewarding ( except for sexual release ) which i normally use as the only thing to make me relieved from severe stress, severe brain inflammation, boredom, empt
iness, complete lack of reward, and simply how to self regulate myself. it's been like this my whole life since early puberty, i'd always go to the bathroom 1-2 times a day to do so to keep me alive and going, it was instinctual. i never watched porn for all these years from early puberty 11 or so till 18. i did seek mental health services right after high school, however, i didn't watch porn till a little later following that. the reason why i wanted to mention all this is because porn isn't the problem, it's a symptom of the problem. now with the whole sexual release, it does something extremely important obviously for my hormones, neurotransmitters or what not, this is why i always have progressively used it and do so twice a day almost every day, once right before bed often so i can knock myself out easier and not have to worry about all sorts of somatic problems, anger, severe insomnia, irritability, agitation, etc. although doing so more than once every 24 hours does actually create slightly more depres
sion, agitation, but usually i do so compulsively out of the reasons i mentioned earlier. what happens if i happen to not have sexual release after 24 hours, slowly but dramatically, everything about me, my mood, functioning becomes severely affected and i become severely disabled. i start to cry very easily, my face becomes very droopy like the picture of the lady from wikipedia, i can't eat food or drink anything, if i try to force myself to eat something, despite being hungry, my body immediately rejects it and i feel like having a seizure, and of course i feel extremely sick all over and the gut. also my body temperature drops, i feel very weak physically and emotionally, hardly can move and walk, i get progressively worsening brain inflammation and even more pronounced severe stress, particularly felt in my brain stem area, neck, and brain altogether. i experience a constant mild grade of anxiety in this stage. taking ativan doesn't do anything to help all of the problems i explained. the only thing that 
makes all of the rest that i explained less affect me or somewhat go away and allow me to barely keep going such as eat my dinner for example and just barely is if i go and have sexual release again. i have talked to my psychologist and she mentioned something about the bad serotonin coming into play whenever i haven't had sexual release after 24 hour or so. the reason she came up with this which made perfect sense to me is that obviously in that 24 hour period or so, particularly 12-24 hour is when i have the ""Best"" functioning, when i eat food or drink something like soda that normally would make me happy, well it does so and other things like eating chocolate or drinking apple juice, however, after that time when i reach into that dreadful severely disabled state after 24 hours of not having sexual release, then if i were to drink say apple juice that normally would make feel good and refreshed, would do nothing but make me nauseous and wan't to have a seizure, it's like a robot that needs specific ingre
dients, and if you give it the wrong one, then it goes capoot, and that's basically how i am if i go too long after not having sexual release, which would be extremely rare. i've only been in this stage or so like a few times. now my point to all this if anyone relates to this and / or if there is perhaps some medication that could work so that i don't need to ""force"" myself to have sexual release regularly just to exist and keep going with my life. i wan't to be able to somehow improve my other circumstances in the meantime with the medication helping me so that altogether, i can find other ways to manage myself and not have to compulsively rely on sexual release to keep my alive and going, and the only way i could do this of course is some kind of medication that can somehow treat both my mental illness and at the same time balance or ""fix"" the bad brain chemistry or hormone problems, and then hopefully i can then have strength or capacity to make more meaningful changes in my life that i could possibly 
make naturally more routinely or richer for my life. i want to mention that antipsychotics are not for me and have been 100 percent harmful to me, doing nothing good but harm, and severe harm. i didn't want to explain this again but basically latuda was one medicine prescribed to me and it ###$ me up for the few days i took it, partially causing brain damage and basically crippling me even further, it's like they gave a medicine to me to purposely torture me so i can end up dead, but unfortunately, due to me not having really any other choices and being open lead to being severly tortured, which involved me having convulsions on the third night with my brain jerking back and forth violently, i barely could breath, and the drug amplified what i already had from before which was restlessness and agitation, making them severe and past the tolerable levels which caused me to experience what i did partly, the rest just had to do with it being a #######5 drug, i hardly was able to eat while i was on it. so all of t
his took me to the hospital on the third night, my parents took me, luckily they were there for me, at the hospital, i was given ativan and anti nausea medicine, and they told me, all i could do else is to wait for the drug to leave my system eventually, after over an hour or so, i seemed to improve a little enough where i was ok enough to go back home. the nurse had mentioned how i didn't look as dead or pale when i first came in where i was barely able to look people relaxed and stable with my eyes because of what latuda did to me, which also made it difficult to keep both my eyes open and closed from the agitation and what not that it brought. all this had happen because of that stupid psychiatrist i saw in the past didn't understand my problems and condition and thought that a antipsychotic should help my depression..., what's ironic is that i didn't even have a diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder at this time, only schizotypal PD and major depression but because she looked at schizotypal PD and the wor
d anger that i used to her, she dumbly goes and prescribes a horrible drug to me. now the only reason i thank her indirectly is that now i don't have to get tortured again like this from antipsychotic family line of medicines which now brings me back to what medications would be most appropriate for me. here is a list i put ( to take individually ), not in order of significance, tianeptine, lithium, lamictal, other anti stress / anti inflammatory natural supplements or herbs that can also help with serotonin and / or opiate agonists. things to avoid - SNRI, SSRI, - these ###$ me up too or make me feel worse or agitated, ginseng for example which i believe is an SNRI made my head feel full and at the same time made me feel off and more down. i noticed particularly rhodiola made me very agitated, like feeling like having a seizure and made my head feel full. also, my concern with anything that increases dopamine is if this could make me more agitated, that is if it increases dopamine for the wrong areas or just 
too much overall / unnecessarily, now if it increases dopamine in the right areas that would need it perhaps, and im well, not agitated and feel better while also working on serotonin and opiates, then that's perfect, but really, i have no idea what's off and not working properly, although i did try to give hints or cues on what it possibly could be, at least partially, such as related to the sexual release, maybe it isn't so much low or high serotonin for example, it could be ""Bad serotonin"", at least from what my psychologist depicted which makes perfect sense to me. lastly, i want to mention that although i do have the diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder ( nurse practitioner diagnosed me, specifically as the depressive subtype ), i do not have nor have i ever experienced any type of hallucinations, seeing or hearing things things that are not there. also, i don't believe i fit the ""delusions"" criteria for the condition, however, i would agree that i may fit the diagnosis if we use the other criteria, 
if applicable such as maybe mild catatonia, depression, agitation, etc."
175870070,"I always say my Dad (who is like _PERSON_) married my Mom (who is like _NAME_). _PERSON_ married _NAME_…and I’m the offspring. So my whole life I’ve wondered if I should start my own business, or write a musical. I’m kinda half kidding, but there is some truth to it all."
175870071,Clozapine for psychosis Deprevix for depression Ativan (tavor here) for anxiety
174389963,"Hello, I live with schizoaffective illness also. Here are some things that help me manage my apartment mostly on my own: 8 years of group home living prior to attempting independence Utilizing the visiting nurses to help me manage my meds on my own until I felt comfortable Learning all resources locally that can help through research and networking Volunteering in the community Compliance with meds, counseling, and doctors appointment Keeping a task list For chores Making the bed and doing laundry regularly Engaging your hobbies and developing new ones Never being afraid to call a crisis line to ask for help Just some stuff, oh yeah don’t watch too much tv"
175870072,"Hey (((((BRO))))) >>Using the term manic-depression is much more descriptive and could help practitioners stop and think about what they're looking at before any knee-jerk diagnosis is applied.<< Yep, I always say Manic Depressive, AND that I do so because it is ""much More Descriptive"", ALSO the words I use. 8^) Love D"
175870073,"Interesting. I am not SPD (as far as I can tell). As a child I most enjoyed riding my bike at night, and would often fantasize traveling alone at night through deserted streets."
175870074,"I talked to my med provider today. We have to change meds. The Luvox is causing bad bruising. So we'll try Cymbalta. She's also putting me back on Klonopin for anxiety. I hope that helps calm me and helps me get out of the house more. When my stress and anxiety are low, I don't hear my non-sensical voice. So I feel good about these changes. Cymbalta works on anxiety too."
175870075,Because I need to see what it’s like with less in my system. I’ve been on them so long sometimes I forget
175870076,"A combination worked for me. Zyprexa and vraylar! Nothing else worked and I tried them all. Also clopixol worked but the side- effects were horrible. I started shaking alot. Great drug though, it evaporated my psychosis."
175870077,"Late Thursday night the Governor of the State of California, _NAME_, called for the entire state of CA to stay indoors. The State of New York, and the State of Illinois, shortly followed. Coronavirus has had an impact on people’s work, the economy, and on mental health, but despite the hardships of the times, there are some positive takeaways to examine. In particular, with regards to mental health. When I think about socially isolating, and it has become a reality to people one day at a time, it makes me think that maybe people might rethink how people who are reclusive, or suffer from bouts of depression have lived during periods of time in their lives. The _USER_ID_ might shift when you consider that a vast majority of people are going to be asked to remain indoors will experience what it can feel like to be socially isolated. The overall perception of people that have endured depression which results in social isolation may become a teaching point; quite possibly a chance for people to have a
n open dialogue to allow for a cultural rebirth. I think it’s interesting when you frame it like that, cause there is a lot we can learn as a society and as a human race with regards to how pertinent mental health awareness and understanding can evolve. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/manic-depression/2020/03/21/how-the-coronavirus-might-teach-everyone-something/"
175870078,"doc just prescribed new meds. Rx: Depakote 1x 500 mg at night Trilafon 2x 4mg Any experience with these meds? Not afraid to take trilafon, only concern is it messing with my hormones and weight gain. I had these problems with Risperidone. Guessing it would be the same thing? I take gabapentin 3x 400mg for sleep, mood, anxiety I'm kind of afraid of the depakote. I think he prescribed it for anxiety. Can you tell me your experience with either of these meds? How did they make you feel and what were the side effects? Did you stay on them very long? Either or, the trilafon or depakote Thanks"
175870079,You should join one of the happy-clappy religions; they'd think you were speaking in tongues. You'd be a hero.
175870080,"Their tactics include: – exhausting you, wearing you down to the point where your resilience is low – confusing you…. with constant commands, contradictions and lies – they are especially good at using what is going on in your life to aggravate the situation (and will use YOUR trying to convince your husband that they are not external to make your husband feel worse, for example) – they will use anything in your thoughts that you are not comfortable with, especially if it is something you don’t like about yourself – the fear of the unknown… since they are hard to explain… and doctors know less than nothing about tem… and family and friends deny the way you are experiencing them…. i is fertile ground for creating false worries and exerting power – they work in teams… – they switch roles… they can be ‘supportive’ , only to find a way to turn things around and be downright evil soon after – they imitate.. as voices… and in creating visions of people you know"
175870081,https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/what-mentally-strong-peo...
175870082,_PERSON_ wow congratulations on 2 years of being stable. That is great and living independently too. Sounds like you are in a wonderful routine. Keep up the good work.
175870083,Hi _NAME_! You could also try reading a liberated mind by _NAME_. It's about acceptance and commitment theory and pivoting direction in other words thinking of things differently! It took me 5 months to get through the book as it takes time for the content sink in! _NAME_ is the originator of acceptance and commitment theory. Ask me questions and I can try to help you if you would like?
175870084,"I took extra clozapine, extra benzo, extra antidepressant. I am stoned now. I can’t stand up to pee"
175870085,"8-30-19 Will said ""meet like your dumb"" which includes ""meat like your dumb"". 8-30-19 Song ""Murder One"" by _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and _PERSON_ said ""one is the deadliest number"" this day. Before getting up, I was reciting those lyrics. 8-30-19 Song ""My Problem"" by _PERSON_ said ""S***"" when i was about to eat. Will says food is s***. 9-1-19 Song ""Life We Live"" by Project Pat, _PERSON_, and _NAME_ said ""beautiful"" as I cut in front of the mirror. 9-2-19 Song ""_NAME_ at Rubber Tracks"" by Pro Era said ""open the door"" as I opened the fridge. First time hearing this song. 9-2-19 Song ""Lac Lac"" by Big K.R.I.T. and A$AP _PERSON_ said ""do the mathematics"" when I picked up my pen to figure out bills. 9-2-19 Song ""Tone It Down"" by _PERSON_ and _NAME_ Brown said ""so cold"" as I opened up the fridge. 9-4-19 Had an idea, ""cloud foam is more comfortable than nothing"" also said ""Adidas"" to _PERSON_ and it sounded like ""ideas"" 9-4-19 Song ""Scary Moves"" by Bad Meets Evil said ""spit t
hunder"" when I opened a can of Monster. 9-4-19 ""I'll be at your side"" said in the song called ""The Light"" by Common while I was talking about the poor (other countries). 9-4-19 ""Shoot it Straight"" said in the song ""Diamondz All-N-Yo Face"" by C-Note, _PERSON_, and Deep Threat as I did a bathroom break. (I do not do telepathy in the bathroom as ethics or TR's persist). 9-4-19 ""We keep it realer than most"" said in the song ""Realer Than Most"" by Closed Sessions, _PERSON_, _USER_ID_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and _PERSON_ when considering my circle."
175870086,Great spokesperson for schizophrenia
175870087,I am doing well today. I've been productive and all my chores are out of the way. I'm relaxing with projects.
175870088,"My therapists never helped me. Except one. He got rid of my excessive, inappropriate teariness, like he said he would. But I either made my therapists angry, Lord only knows why? Or, the therapists made me paranoid. So I didn’t benefit from most of them."
175870089,Thanks _AT_MENTION_? im interested to hear peoples views on this
175870090,I had a better day today.
175870091,It’s still on the left for me.
175870092,Very cool… … 1515
175870093,"Hello next: I see this is your first post here on PC. So... welcome to Psych Central. I'm sorry you are experiencing so much difficulty. You wrote you don't want to see a psychologist. However, from what you wrote, it sounds like seeing someone would be in your best interest. Perhaps a mental health therapist, rather than a psychologist, would feel at least a tiny bit less intimidating for you? Or as an alternative might you, perhaps, make a start by ""seeing"" someone on-line? It sounds to me as though the key here may be to figure out some way to make a start... even a tiny one... & then build from there. Hopefully coming here to PC can be a first step in that direction & that you will find PC to be a source of support & comfort for you. I hope you find PC to be of benefit."
175870094,I’ve just tried the app. And it’s still on the right…
175870095,Occam’s _PERSON_: You’re schizo.
175870096,I’m going to sleep now. It’s 21:35 here.
175870097,"Sure, thanks for adding. Words always seem to have more than one meaning and to get the widest possible perspective it is best to consider all those meanings."
175870098,"I hate it, i hate my job, i hate my house, i hate not having the energy to live, im done with this. 2 years after my episode and still the same feelings, healthcare is a joke they do nothing"
175870099,Can you call your Dr.?
175870100,"Could anybody give me an estimated timeline of effects from coming off Olanzapine slowly for 2 months. Taken for 7 years at an average rate of 15mg a day. Reaching down to 5mg and 20mg at times. I am not asking about the return of symptomps part. I am asking more about physical effects, mood, mind activity, return of function and emotion, a possible time where the majority of people are back to prior the medicine, suggestions etc."
175870101,"i have some generic bennadryll, but it wakes me up as well… you see i have schizophrenia, adhd, and mood disorders… most sleep aides wake me up… so i kinda messed up… even knock out stuff for my surgeries i ve had dont last long in my system…"
175870102,"There are online psychiatrists, especially during these lockdown times. Maybe more comfortable."
175870103,"I was diagnosed with it for 5 years. My diagnosis just switched. Regardless, I definitely had psychotic symptoms for a long time, and at the time she gave me that advice I was very afraid I would never get to have a family."
175870104,How Isolation Hurts Your Bipolar Disorder Isolation allows us to wallow in the negative feelings we have about our illness and about ourselves. Read here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2019/11/17/how-isolation-hurts-your-bipolar-disorder/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=cb8cf8e2e7-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01&utm_med...
175870105,"I made a magical game once that stemmed from my magical thinking. You don't need anything for this game other than concentration, focus, belief and a sprinkling of madness, magic and a room full of people. All you do is choose one person in the room. It helps if you've got to know them a little bit just so you can get a sense of who they are and feel what they are like. Then you concentrate really hard on then. You don't need to stare at them or anything like that but just focus on them. Then scratch your ear, now if you've done the job properly they will also scratch there ear. _PERSON_ your head and they will follow. It's funny to see how far you can get before the link breaks but it really does work and in a boring office it makes for good entertainment. Anyone can do it. I taught a girl who sat next to me hoto do it. Oh and btw you have to call the game by the name of the person you're focussing on."
175870106,"I didn’t like it, but it’s better than staying untreated and pushing a shopping cart around with trash for the rest of my days, the drs and staff are way nicer and caring inpatient than the goons that do outpatient care."
175870107,"Thanks, I hope so _AT_MENTION_"
175870108,"Just back from a 2 and a half day rural farm stay. Was ok. Hi bee, and _NAME_, HT More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
175870109,"Hey _PERSON_, I think that this playlist can help you. It explains a lot about depression :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os6DFSaSdrg&list=PLPqic-N6UgtxQU..."
175870110,My voices argue with me. That's the opposite of asking questions!
175870111,Thanks for the thought _PERSON_. Unfortunately she won’t go with me to see any doctor even it’s for my own appointment.
175870112,"I’m suspicious of histories that attribute 21st Century DSM 5 diagnoses to characters who lived long before such conditions were ever identified. But then again, manic depression certainly existed before it was named by _NAME_ in the late 19th century, and major depression, once called melancholia, has always been with us. I also have a fascination with explanations in literature of mental illness written before _PERSON_. _PERSON_ left such an indelible mark on the treatment of diseases of the mind, and the language used to describe them, that it’s almost unthinkable that these diseases were both described and treated without his influence. The Club: _NAME_, Boswell and the Friends Who Shaped an Age, a book by Leo _PERSON_, is full of such stories. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2020/01/mental-illness-in-the-enlightenment/"
175870113,"I don’t know about anything with chat groups, but you can find lots of peer-led support groups online at Support Groups Central! Hope this helps https://www.supportgroupscentral.com"
175870114,He's manipulating you. Just ask him when he is leaving for the redecoration.
175870115,"It happens at 2 o’clock, or 3 o’clock in the morning. I wake up and start obsessing over things which in turn keep me up for the remainder of the night. Logically, I know there is nothing in those hours to do about my issues but it doesn’t seem to stop this from happening. Here’s just one scenario: I should move my Doctors appointment cause I’m not sure if I am going to be able to make it although I know I need to go, but the thought of going is stressing me out. I should call first thing in the morning to reschedule, or maybe later in the day once I think more about it. But, what if I reschedule and the Doctor isn’t pleased cause I’ve avoided going to the Doctor for awhile and she’ll think something is up. Then when I go it’ll be a big deal or conversation for my cancellation, and need to reschedule for a later date. I should just go. Stop being a baby and keep the appointment. No, I’ll move it, it’s not a big deal. Calm down. Try and relax. You can’t do anything about it n
ow so stop losing sleep, and you can deal with it in the morning. Just sleep on it and you’ll feel better with your decision. Wait, I know what will work. I’ll just prepare a text to send about moving the appointment with a reasonable excuse and have it ready to go when I get up in the morning. I can’t send it now cause I’d be weird to send a text in the middle of the night. Damn, it’s now 4 am and I have to get up in 2 hours. Ok, I have to go to sleep. I can do this. Clear your mind. Get in a comfortable position. I’m thirsty but if I drink water I’ll have to get up and go pee, and if I am asleep I’ll wake up and not be able to go back to sleep, so I’ll try and go now and take a tiny sip of water before trying to go back to bed. It’s 5 am. I only have one more hour to get rest. It’s 5:40 am. I have to get up in 20 minutes. If I even fall a little bit asleep now I might be more tired so I should just get up now. The sun’s not up and I hate getting out of bed when it’s dark outside. I
’ll check the sunrise weather app on my phone. Ok, the sun is supposed to rise at 5:53 am. I’ll just wait in bed and get up then. Where’s my cat? He usually sleeps beside me. I think I tossed and turned too much and he got fed up and went to go sleep on the floor. What should I wear today? I feel fat so I might need more time to get ready and figure out what to wear.... Read more bout this here:> Peer Inside a Real Episode of Insomnia"
175870116,i keep it a little bit higher than my shoulders. half long i think… sometimes i cut it a bit shorter and then let it grow again. And my bangs i cut regularly when they start coming over my eyes.
175870117,.
175870118,Today is going well for me. I got about 10 hours of sleep last night. I finished up my self-care early. I'm working on chores now. I have a few more things to do and then I will relax for the rest of the day. My mood is good.
175870119,just got back from er. i am suprised they didnt admit me. thry gave me lorazampam. i will take it tonight to try to sleep.
175870120,Oh crap this is not good then… I wont take it then… what am I going to do?
175870121,"was going through memory lane about my earliest nihilistic moments, thought i should share. sometime u know something but u don't know how to put it into word, for example explaining u are being gaslighted before gaslighting as a word became popular. the following is me putting what i knew as a kid in words as an adult, note am not native english. i was one of those kids that play god with insect(mostly ants), making ant race in circles on the back of a flipped plastic chair, raining melting nylon bag fire apocalypse, flood, lenses/mirror sun apocalypse, gas lighter freeze apocalypse (when compress gas expand it take up energy) etc... the reason i use to do it is because it was fun also people don't care about insect well being including me, but what is actually darker is i didn't do it on the behave of my moral, in fact if i was following my moral i would have killed them all ""peacefully"". people often have a very naive self-centered view on the purpose of life, in which animal life isn't includ
ed. if u wanna understand how modern CPU work, looking at 8 bit CPU might help understanding it easier, similarly looking at the bottom life complexity ladder can help u gain better perspective on life in general. the simplest conclusion u gain from looking at low level life is: you the thing that experiencing life are the puppet, your body is the strings, reproducing is the audience and your mind/unconscious is the puppet master. you (the thing that experience life) true fear is actually living, while ur mind true fear is death, its why when we wake up for the first 6s we are annoyed, we have no issue experiencing nothing, all what we can think of oh not another ######6 days. we are the only class of puppets that self-aware enough to sometime break free and be able to quit the show. in that sense i use to see ant and me in a never ending show that we are unable to break out of. this line of thought is very scary/dangerous its maybe why ppl avoid including low level life, but i think those can be removed, whi
le its true death is actually a bless causing suffering is still bad, also some puppet even if self-aware may actually still have fun being a puppet despite knowing all of this, as such i would still like my choice to be respected even if is bad. in a sense i both intellectually thought me living was bad and was emotionally build to stubbornly want to live despite that. not sure which is more depressing: being motivated to kill yourself but think u shouldn't, or thinking u better off killing yourself but not being motivated. what ur thoughts about this?"
175870122,yea same here… site going a bit slow at times… refreshing also sometimes takes a bit longer than usually.
175870123,Clozapine can be used as a PRN?
175870124,"Hey everyone, I have two questions: 1. Who has any experience with nutritional therapy for their scz? I'm considering seeing a specialist for this. i.e.: https://yanginstitute.com/advanced-nutrient-therapy/ 2. Has anyone here been diagnosed with DID as well? I was diagnosed with DID but have not yet been diagnosed with anything on the scz spectrum, even though I certainly have the symptoms. Just wondering what anyone else's experience has been like with those two conditions and where they overlap, because it can be hard for me to tell what is a voice and what is an alter. It kind of blurs. Although voices tend to be more aggressive. Thank you!! ****I also have chronic Lyme so we're still trying to understand everything-- I think the psychosis was triggered by the Lyme and extreme stress... it just came on pretty suddenly and then never abated. I have EXTREME derealization/depersonalization, paranoia, auditory hallucinations, severe depression, catatonia, cognitive impairments, etc."
175870125,"I have anxiety, depression and grief. I'm here to talk, if you need to"
175870126,_PERSON_ son was schizophrenic. One time he said that that was the only problem he couldn’t figure out…
174392556,"Just wondering if anyone has information on Cannabis specifically THC & CBD and possible good/negative effects for a diagnosed Schizoaffective Disorder with Bipolar II. I’ve had such success with THC & CBD for pain management, therapy and other issues that I want to continue their use. I don’t however want to aggravate my Schizoaffective Disorder. Hoping someone out there may have some advice on what has helped them, specifically, strains to try or avoid, benefits versus negatives and such."
175870127,I don’t think that is unreasonable to walk away. Taht is almost 4 times your expenses and you don’t work for nothing. That is presuming he’s not going to pay for the work done of course.
175870128,"Oh sorry, I forgot about that! Thank you."
175870129,"St. _NAME_'s wort. I think that is it. _PERSON_ is supposed to be for memory and Ginseng would be a stimulant. I hope you find what works for you. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175870130,Hi Welcome to the forum. Anxiety can cause all sorts of physical symptoms including the ones you mention. I would do all you can through self help to reduce your anxiety we have some good links in our resources section so take a look. Hibee More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
174392759,Treat him as normal as possible. I just read in a schizophrenia book that the patients that respond well to doctors and nurses are treated as if they are completely normal. This makes the patient feel respected while also being able to accept help.
175870131,"Uh, no. I haven’t made any in years."
175870132,"PubMed Anticholinergic Medication Burden-Associated Cognitive Impairment in... Anticholinergic medication burden in schizophrenia is substantial, common, conferred by multiple medication classes, and associated with cognitive impairments across all cognitive domains. Anticholinergic medication burden from all medication..."
175870133,"My mother dosent bother me either, just for little jobs you know. I’m sure if my father was still alive he’d be encouraging me to do some work"
175870134,I’ve never thought that it might be Alzheimer’s/dementia .
175870135,"Hi _AT_MENTION_, welcome to the group. This is kind of a slow forum but it gets checked on frequently throughout the week. You may also want to try posting in the Bipolar forum. Are you on any medications? I'm on Rexulti and Latuda for psychosis and Trintellix and Cymbalta for depression. I have schizoaffective disorder depressed type."
175870136,"I had both my Moderna vaccines about two months ago. Absolutely no side effects, not even a sore arm. Everyone is different, but glad I was able to get the vaccination so easily. _NAME_"
175870137,"bioworld.com _NAME_ renews its drive to an NDA in treating schizophrenia Bolstered by new and positive open-label extension data, _NAME_ Neurosciences Inc. won’t let a failed phase III of roluperidone in treating schizophrenia get in the way of considering an NDA filing. Looks like they’re pressing ahead with trying to get it approved."
175870138,"How to Respond When Someone Gives You the Silent Treatment Text Messages Were Marked as Read but Unanswered?—?Again My calls went straight to voicemail. I was obsessively repeating every conversation and interaction up to that point to see if I missed anything. What horrible act have I committed this time? Why am I being treated like I don’t matter or exist?—?yet again? Have you ever found yourself in a position where it was nearly impossible to get someone to speak to you or acknowledge you? Perhaps this person was someone you thought you were close to? If so, you have experienced withholding?—?better known as the silent treatment. What is the Silent Treatment? The silent treatment is a behavior where one partner in a relationship ignores the other, and completely stops acknowledging them through any and all forms of communication. It often follows an intense argument between individuals, and the target of this behavior is more often than not, unaware of the conflict because the one withho
lding has not communicated it. Keep in mind that this behavior is not limited to romantic relationships. It can happen between parents and children, friends, and coworkers. And the effect is more intense when executed by someone close to you as punishment. ** The silent treatment is frequently used by people with mental illnesses and personality disorders (i.e., depression, anxiety, borderline, narcissistic personality disorder) as a survival, self-protective, or manipulative tactic. I won’t go too deep into the who or why, as much as the importance of learning how to effectively respond to this behavior while protecting your emotional & mental well-being. Behaviors of the Silent Treatment... Read more here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/permission-to-thrive/2020/04/how-to-respond-to-silent-treatments/?li_source=LI&li_medium=popular17"
175870139,"Hey everyone I'm back home it's been a while, hope everyone is doing ok . ??"
174393019,"Hello TRob438, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about coping with loss on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. coping with loss We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175870140,_AT_MENTION_ maybe because I was still on Abilify at the time?
175870141,Oh that is just down-right inspiring!! Thanks for sharing it. I gives us great hope for what we can become!
175870142,I don’t get it. 1515
175870143,"LifeMasque said... I was a hypochondriac from age 11. I read ""The Century of the Surgeon"" and ""The Triumph of Surgery"", both by Dr _PERSON_, from my parents' library. Like any adult medical student, I thought I had everything I read about. It persisted up to 2003, Mania and Therapy. Half the stuff I USED to see my doctor about was in my head. But then I was probably already swinging in mood well before it became catastrophic in 2003. I know you don't agree with me but I sure don't think it was wise of your parents to allow you to read from their collection of books with zero interference or any guidance with that age of a child, however that's simply my opinion. I'm NOT judging your parents. I know they did as almost all parents do with their children... which is try their best to to insure you had all the tools to live a successful and happy life. Sadly that was not the case however I'm very happy that you did seek out therapy and still are working on your own self. Back then metal health care 
was pretty much nonexistent especially for children! So your parents are certainly not to blame for any of what happened with you _PERSON_. I'm sure you had issues before they became catastrophic, because it simply doesn't work that way hon. Bipolar is a chemical imbalance in your brain, something you can't control as you well know by now all these years later _PERSON_. It's really a shame that MOST physicals have very little training in mental _NAME_ so they raely can diagonse and treat it correctly. The best thing that ayoe can do is ask for a referral from their PCP to a licensed Psychiatrist and therapists. It's my firm belief that anyone should start off their care seeing both professionals and beig tested to be sure of their diagnoses so they don't waste years in therapy without a correct diagnoses. If you have a correct diagnoses then you can proceed forward but please everyone know it takes time for all of this process to actually work! Thanks so much for sharing your story hon! I'm sure some reading 
may see themselves in your post! Love ya so much, Your Sassy always"
175870144,I hope that Rexulti is a game changer for you! I know you’ve been waiting on a partial dopamine agonist for a while
175870145,I'm okay today.
175870146,I got my second shot about 10 days ago so only a few more days until I have my 2 week immunity.
175870147,"If I can ask, did the meds help with those issues?"
175870148,"Hello! I'm just here to say, health anxiety can definitely consume you. You're not alone. But it will pass, shove some anger in anxiety's face and scare it away instead! I pray you are fine, and you should be! At 35, It's a really low chance for something to go wrong. Stay safe! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175870149,I two really bad days. This morning was rough too. But I'm doing better now. I've been busy. I think that has helped.
175870150,"I used to take a health food sleep aid called Tryptophan and it really helped. Then they found something wrong with it and had to stop selling it. The only thing they had left at this health food store was liquid Tryptophan. I bought a bottle. I found the liquid wasn't as each to control as the pill type. Maybe it was, if the liquid didn't put me to sleep quickly enough, I could take another teaspoon. I don't remember what happened, but I didn't like the liquid type because I couldn't control the amount I was taking as well as the pill form. So I have an idea of what you're talking about, taking medicine in liquid form. A heating pad helps me with chest discomfort, better with the insert or a small towel moistened and squeezed out, for moist heat. The heat enlarges the blood vessels and the heart doesn't have to work as much. I also use a heating pad for sleep, except it can dry me out, even on low, and I can have nightmares. What I do now is cut it on low (for sleep), but only for a minute, then I 
cut it off but leave it on my chest for psychological benefit. I try Melatonin if I can't sleep. I take about 3, 1 mg. pills an hour before bedtime. When I get groggy, I take 1 mg. more at bedtime, then if I wakeup at 4 a.m. and can't go back to sleep, I can take 1 more mg. You say, ""I've always had anxiety."" And ""I refuse to see a psychiatrist. They'll just put me on one of their drugs. I've been on them long ago and it caused me more harm than good. Took me a long time to recover from their meds long ago."" I've found myself in situations where, through foul-ups, I was very concerned (yeah, panic) about going back on medicine. What I didn't realize was, I could have started back on 1 medicine, at a very low dosage. If it did not kill me, I could increase it slightly. I looked at it as if was all or nothing. I would try to stay positive about this, also. What is it, count your blessings? This is not the only part of your life. Being positive has really helped me, and being negative really hurt."
175870151,I really like it ! She did a great job !
175870152,"Just update: had to increase my meds but have maintained stability. Arms worker noticed I was hypomanic a lot. Relationship with my daughter good, she gave me her phone number. Still maintaining my therapy, meds, and following protocol. It takes effort but I'm maintaining stability. No voices for a long time. Still working part time. Same job 2 years. Lost track of how long stable. People think I'm normal and don't need all this therapy. Should be working full time, etc"
174393619,For sure _NAME_. No doubt in my mind. Schizophrenia ran in his family. Think his daughter had schizophrenia and he reportedly was the only person capable of communicating with her. Just a bunch o f jibba-jabba to everyone else. Plus... have your read his letters to his wife? Oh my... the lengths at which he goes on to describe the seductive nature of her farts is perfect. He quite liked the feel of a good fart on his bollocks. Pretty sure he was a scat enthusiast and also did go on about hating socializing and never talking.
175870153,Thats fantastic! Good luck and Im sure youll have a great experience
175870154,i think you are talented _AT_MENTION_ you make good music and i’m sure you will be able to succeed your thesis too. Just keep working on it and it will turn out ok. It’s hard though keeping your mind on everything especially while being sick. I find it hard to learn new things too currently… the sickness doesn’t help. and even if you wouldn’t be able to finish your thesis then you still deserve to be here…
175870155,Are you satisfied with your life now? Do you need to change anything?
175870156,"_NAME_, thank you for your response. I would love the chance to talk with you. If you want to personal message me that would be welcomed. _PERSON_"
175870157,"At this point, it is starting to feel a bit like a test this packing. Like he will pack one thing a day. It is almost like he wants to see if he can provoke me to like do a big emotional flip out. It has been 2 weeks and 2 days and I have held cool. This is incredibly hard for someone a bit borderline to do with all the abandonment and rejection fear issues. I have flipped out none. I have given him all the space in the world. Interesting story anathegram about your dad's friends. I have read more and more about couples with separate bedrooms and also now more and more together without living together. I feel like living with another person is always hard. And is it just me or did Covid not make it any easier?"
175870158,"I think she did, though, _NAME_, cuz she was mostly reiterating, or confirming, and kinda giving me a positive spin about myself."
175870159,20210509_1106413120×4160 2.02 MB
175870160,I get it I’m the same right now. Have you contacted your pdoc?
175870161,Look up and practice mindfulness.
175870162,New pdrs have access to all your previous files and notes that previous pdrs wrote.
175870163,"Thank you for sharing dm2019, this is lovely and grounding and reassuring. I think I may read it everyday;) _PERSON_"
175870164,"Hey _NAME_, I do want to take the promotion, but I am waiting for a few reasons. One: I want to make sure the house is finalized and not hovering over our heads. Two: Currently commuting is the only opportunity and it would actually cost more getting to work everyday than what I would be earning. They don't offer travel pay until you go past store manager either. Three: The manager in my store right now is 69. He turns 70 in October. He is close to retiring. I know that if I wait it out, I can take over the store I am in now. That one is the most fortuitous for me. I would be close to work. Wouldn't be worried about the house AND having to find a place to stay in the town over which is about 75 miles away. I just have to have patience. I do currently have health insurance. I just haven't had a need to use it yet. My fiancée's father slept a lot too. I think is may be stress a bit. He has never been in this sort of situation. He may also be feeling lost. Although, both my other two roommates just g
ot jobs so it may be enough to motivate him to do more too. I just wish people wouldn't keep quitting at my store. The people we hire either go to another job or just quit after a few months. I am exhausted all the time trying to keep the store going. Right now we are down three employees and we usually have a full crew of 8. The hiring process is also tedious. First, an interview, then background, then the applicant has to fill some form out that the hiring manager in corporate sends them. Then if they do all that, they come in and have to complete near 20 hours of online training, then a week of register training. I feel like it is setting them up to fail. Not to mention the company is getting ready to expand across the country too. There is a lot of growth potential for me as well. It is just a lot of stress and hard work too. I wish I wasn't so tired all the time because of it."
175870165,Do you guys believe that Elon Musk can find a cure for schizophrenia?
175870166,"Ok. One sec. Then, enjoy! Also, next time, try to tag us by name. It helps us find your post. _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_"
175870167,This is almost the EXACT same thing I'm dealing with currently. I really hope you see my response so we can talk more in depth on this. What if anything did you choose to do about it? Does it ever go away or just keep getting worse??? It's driving me insane
175870168,Its a brave thing…its the hardest times and even more difficult to reach out…
175870169,"My psychiatrist is right about that high dopamine in some brain parts/receptors causes positive symptoms and that low dopamine in other brain parts/receptors causes negative symptoms. He said thers no meds yet that target negative symptoms, at least without worsening positive symptoms. Why can’t they already cure both positive and negative symptoms at the same time?"
175870170,Prescribing Advice for GPs - An NHS Prescribing Advisers' Blog – 28 Apr 06 Doxepin discontinued - Prescribing Advice for GPs Doxepin (Sinequan) capsules are being discontinued in all strengths according to the National Electronic Library for Medicines.
175870171,"I've had a couple of good days. And I think today will be a good day. I have a telehealth appointment with my med provider today. It's just routine to get med refills. I really wish I could try a new AD, but I'm afraid of side effects. And I have too many upcoming appointments to mess with my chemistry right now. I'll just have to keep on the way I am. I think if I can control my thoughts better, I will do better."
175870172,Yeah. I’ve done sales work before. This time it’ll be the oculus VR headset. In the past it has been kitchen appliances and phones. It’s not an easy job. It pays better than typical retail roles though. I just have to make do.
175870173,Yeah but maybe it’s cuz I use it on browser and don’t use the Discourse app? Having it on the right side would annoy me a lot.
175870174,This is also referred to as Zersetzung. Please google it as it's out there within the public domain.
174394646,It should be noted that you should discuss natural remedies with your doctor before doing them.
174394670,"Hi, For those of us who are diagnosed with a schizo-spectrum disorder such as schizophrenia and/or schizoaffective, How many people do you know in person who also have a diagnosis? I am lucky, I run a support group and many of our members have psychotic disorders and it provides a sense of community and acceptance. We are able to share our journeys to recovery as well as the good and bad days. However, I know a lot of people do not have those community connections. And sometimes the majority of people we meet with mental illness are those we are with during a hospital stay. Just curious to see if anyone else has friends with schizophrenia."
175870175,Thx guys. I hope i wont wake up in despair tomorrow.
175870176,"“The positive symptoms of schizophrenia include hallucinations and delusions as a result of increased subcortical release of dopamine, which augments D2 receptor activation (15), and are thought to be due to a disturbed cortical pathway through the nucleus accumbens (16). The negative symptoms of schizophrenia include anhedonia, lack of motivation, and poverty of speech, which result from reduced D1 receptor activation (15) in the prefrontal cortex and decreased activity of the nucleus caudatus (16). Alterations in D (3)-receptors might also be involved in the negative symptoms of schizophrenia” PubMed Central (PMC) The Role of Dopamine in Schizophrenia from a Neurobiological and Evolutionary... Dopamine is an inhibitory neurotransmitter involved in the pathology of schizophrenia. The revised dopamine hypothesis states that dopamine abnormalities in the mesolimbic and prefrontal brain regions exist in schizophrenia. However, recent research..."
175870177,Hi. I'm new to this group as well.
175870178,_PERSON_
175870179,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ Dawn
175870180,"9-4-19 A security question was what is my dream job. Thee answer was ""car audio"" yesterday. Then today MTT calls me regarding car electronics. 9-7-19 Movie ""The Benchwarmers"" implemented a ballpark like the movie ""Field of Dreams"". Thats the last movie I seen prior to 9-5-19. 9-9-19 Song ""The Huxtables"" by Verse Simmonds said ""comfortable"" when I decided to put on a sweat shirt. 9-9-19 Song ""Old Earth"" by _PERSON_ said ""wipe tears from your eyes"" as I was itching mine. 9-10-19 Had Will direct the path while I was walking in which he walked into the stove and the clock read 12 (its analog). 9-10-19 I was starring at the song photo of ""D.R.E.A.M."" by _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, was a man wearing a suit with a gas mask and the song said ""uniform"". 9-10-19 Going to an interview thee 11th and was watching ""Hot Rod"" and his dad said ""you have no job"". 9-11-19 Song ""Hell Razor"" by Southside Playaz, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, Big _PERSON_, _PERSON_ Note, and Big _PERSON_ said ""look into our ey
es"" as I was looking in the mirror after I got done sneezing. 9-12-19 Song ""All for the Love"" by the Lox said ""chillin"" as I felt a bottle of water in the fridge. 9-12-19 Song ""Can't be the Only One"" when discussing the mental profession beside politicians. 9-12-19 Song ""Award Tour"" by A Tribe Called Quest came on after my invention idea name (ward). 9-13-19 Song ""Surfin"" by Kid _PERSON_ and _NAME_ said ""mmm"" when I was tasting n cooking my Ramens. 9-13-19 Thought about _NAME_ Show skit of _NAME_ classroom visit then the song ""Kush"" by _NAME_ came on. 9-16-19 Song ""America, the Beautiful"" by _USER_ID_ _PERSON_ said ""you pay for what you get"" after I said it after I got back from grocery shopping. This would only be possible if grocery shopping was ""decided"" beforehand with the song picked."
175870181,"healio.com Olanzapine/samidorphan treatment reduces weight gain for several... Olanzapine/samidorphan combination treatment reduced weight gain across several subgroups of individuals at increased risk for weight gain with olanzapine, according to results of a subgroup analysis. Researchers presented the results at the..."
175870182,Got ya. Stay safe.
175870183,"Whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart. Oh, this concerns covetousness, a violation of the tenth commandment and eh... adultery is the sin it may eventually lead to. He must be talking about somebody else's woman. According to the dictionary the word soul has different meanings. It can be seen as a spirit. It can be seen as the non-material part of man that is believed to give life to the body. Or as an individual. And more. And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell. In this context, by soul your spirit is meant. Your personality. This seems contradictory to what he taught in the parable of the talents about the soul as life force or its length. Another example of this can be found in _NAME_ 18, 30 and 34, where it is clearly about doing time. If you have to go to hell, your personality is destroyed and your life force taken (_NAME_ 25
, 28), because, like money, it remains the property of the state and can still be reused. In our Dutch language soul is applied more often as a life force and less often as a personality. Spirit is applied more often as a personality and less often as a life force. The soul is the non-physical part of man, but can be split up into the conscious and the unconscious. The unconscious is what the Stoics present as the unwritten sheet of paper. The conscious as the writing on it. Both are connected to each other. One is from god and the other from yourself or is yourself. Every man has a piece of god's property in him. With money, he knew to express this to us in a quantity. - Animal species. The different animals more often seem to stand for different angels or god. Animals may be demons or even people possessed thereof, but also holy people. Both animals and angels are distinguished between flying and non-flying species. With humans this is not so, so in the case of birds it is certain they stand for god or an a
ngel (provided it concerns a metaphor of course what depends on the context), but non-flying animals may stand symbol for god, an angel or a human. For example a dragon can fly, so it is certain it doesn't refer to a human, but to an angel. The devil. A serpent cannot fly and that one too mostly refers to the devil, for in fact a dragon is a serpent with wings, legs and the ability to spit fire. In a single case a serpent is compared with christ. And as _NAME_ lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up. The serpent is seen as wise and so is the devil. There are websites that say the eagles are angels making sure you are taken like _NAME_ and Melchisedec. Wheresoever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered together. - Where the community is, the angels will gather. I think that's right. For a herd of land animals an eagle's attack can go so fast that they don't even see their companion being taken. The eagle dives, grabs its prey and uses the speed of its dive to 
shoot up again. If the others of the ground did not look at that moment, it seems to them just as if their friend was there first and then suddenly disappeared. In the 3 verses before (34, 35 and 36) he was talking about that taking away, whereupon the apostles asked where. They thought those future brothers have to go somewhere with their entire church communities. He answered them that it is not necessary. They will be picked up wherever they are located at that moment. Just like _NAME_ and Melchisedec these brothers won't have to taste death. Then again, according to the gospel of _NAME_ it is also about carcasses. That's because he predicted a time of great tribulation for that future time. He said, except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved. The battle will be heavily going on. Angels come to the rescue. For some, on time. And for some, to late. Swines and dogs might be a denotation for heathen, ungodly or just devilish people. Anyhow, they are without the congregation. They ar
e where you as a congregation send the saltless one to. The saltless one will no longer preserve anyone anyway. He says, it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men. _NAME_ 7 can be associated with it, Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you. Tread/trample = repress, crush. As a church you must not give up good brothers to the dogs, because eventually they will grab your church too. You have to be a good church and only throw out the offense. Or the saltless one. Not which is holy. With real pearls you do not do that either. - Hereby I imagine the pearls as souls again, since pearls are a means of payment. Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls: Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it. Souls belonging to the kingdom. The merchant man refers back to the prev
ious verse on the man buying the field with the treasure in it and is therefore not an ordinary man anymore, but now a merchant man. Like you see with the creation story how Eve has been made out of _NAME_, so the congregation originated spiritually from god. I imagine him as a man and the congregation as a woman. The man is seen as the leader of the family. In like manner the merchant man is the founder and thereby the leader of his congregation. She originated from him. He sold all that he had (mention in the past tense), that is to say the pearls he already had. Or had won. The 12 gates of heavenly Jerusalem of Revelation 21 each made of a pearl, may stand for such a soul. 12 Is, all the tribes of Israel. All Israel. This is a future vision of the kingdom that then will be fulfilled. Anyhow, the merchant man bought you with them and are thereby your door to heaven. The merchant man teaches all his members to sacrifice themselves to win the next soul. That doesn't mean they are immediately sacrificed, but (
as with verse 44) it is more in the acceptance of your mortality. A spiritual death. You won't really die until later. However, verse 44 teaches you first hide the kingdom, which implies you recognize there will be a kingdom, but do not see who belong to that until the return of the lord. To be on the safe side, you just buy the whole world. He selleth all that he hath (mention in the present tense), is the life that you still have to go. This too is spiritual. You forgive the whole world, but not everybody belongs to the kingdom. Because you cannot see who does and does not believe in that forgiveness, the kingdom is still hidden from you. If you buy the whole world, at least you know for sure that you have the kingdom... hidden in your mercy for the whole world. In fact, you do not yet know who you are buying. And since you're not yet really dead in the meantime, always be quick with forgiveness, for sinning goes on and on. Even though someone does not obey god and you are not sure whether you save him. For
give anyway! Disobedience may be temporary. However, to find that out is not up to you at that moment. Then at verses 45 and 46 the pearls are discussed. These the merchant man can see. You know they are yours. You've won them yourself. Nonetheless, you continue to look for that one pearl of great price, the next soul in which it becomes visible he is won, since he accepts your forgiveness and is willing to help pay. It shows that you do start looking for whom you have hidden in the world. It could be anyone. Out of the dogs. Out of the swines. We do this in the spirit of one for all and all for one. You die for the whole kingdom (verse 44) and the whole kingdom for you (verse 46). Again and again this principle goes on like that with every new soul that is won until the end of time. It doesn't stop where that one pearl is found. The search for the next one goes on. That he's called one pearl, implies he is but a single one after searching for a long time, very hard to find or like he continues with, of great 
price. Treasure is abstract and general. _PERSON_ is concrete and personal. The difference between the treasure and the pearl is that the treasure consists of many souls, while one pearl is one soul. The treasure are all the pearls of the whole kingdom. The man who finds the treasure, realizes he has something big, but his find is so great that it is impossible for him to survey it. Then he decides to buy the treasure, making him become part of the treasure himself. The merchant man, who thereafter finds the one pearl, is already such a pearl himself and the one pearl being found by him, will become such a merchant man too, because that's the one he will represent. The kingdom. - Spiritually we have already died. Christianity teaches that one is born again in the spirit. First you are born physically, but without faith. As a dog. When you repent, you are born spiritually. Your old personality is dying. Romans 6 teaches that we are dead to sin (and that for those of your brothers). This means god will not spar
e our earthly life. Even his own son, who committed no sin at all, he did not spare. That we will die, is an established fact. This we also portray with baptism. Being immersed in the water symbolizes christ's death and how we die along with him. Being lifted out of the water again symbolizes his resurrection and how we will be with him in that too, but until then we have only been reborn spiritually. We symbolize more with baptism. We portray how _NAME_ passed through the sea after he delivered his people from Egypt from slavery and the sea water did not kill them. When the Egyptians tried the same, they were devoured by the water and drowned. The baptismal water also stands for the blood of christ, in which we are washed clean from our sins. It shows we are partakers of his blood. The baptism ritual we only do once. Israel has already portrayed christ in all kinds of manners before his existence. Not just with the passover. _NAME_ too is a prefiguration of him. Marked for death because his father _NAME_ was 
going to sacrifice him on the mountain. Yet he came down the mountain alive after _NAME_ made the sacrifice. So also christ was killed and then lived on. _NAME_ died figuratively and on a literal mountain. Christ literally and on both a mountain and a world empire, because he's above that. In the meantime that mountain has fallen. The serpent that was put on a pole by _NAME_ in the wilderness as the crucified lord. _NAME_ with his three-day journey through the belly of a fish as the time that christ was in his grave. And many more."
175870184,It’s ok to complain when being I’ll. My mother helps me too. She understands my illness. My father doesn’t. He wants me to work.
175870185,"This morning was very stressful. But I got to talk to my therapist, and that helped."
175870186,"Distorted Reality: What to Do About Early Signs of Psychosis Seeing, hearing or perceiving things that aren’t really there may seem like something to hide, but seeking help early can make a big difference. Maybe it’s a glimpse of a person that no one else seems to see. Or hearing voices that no one else seems to hear. Or an overwhelming feeling that the innocent gesture of someone on the street actually means something sinister. These experiences, and others that make it feel like reality is cracking, can be embarrassing, or even frightening. They can also be the first signs that someone is experiencing a mental health symptom called psychosis. This means they may be heading for one of several mental health conditions that include it as a symptom, such as bipolar disorder, schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. Or in some cases, it may reflect a medical condition. Read the article for facts about psychosis, how to help someone else experiencing symptoms of psychosis and treatment, support a
nd how to help find answers for people struggling with psychosis. https://healthblog.uofmhealth.org/brain-health/distorted-reality-what-to-do-about-early-signs-of-psychosis love and hugs - sun"
175870187,i took one of my lyrica 75 mg at 10:30 pm… it is now 3:32 am … i having fast heart rate and wide awake with drugged feeling… this sucks…
175870188,How much time does your psychiatrist give you in appointments? I feel like I am rushed and not really heard :(
175870189,"Medscape Lipid Profile May Predict Conversion to Psychosis Measuring levels of fatty acids, phospholipids, and sterols in erythrocyte membranes may help predict which ultra-high-risk patients will experience conversion to full psychosis, new research suggests. I think this may have been posted already. Apologies if it has."
175870190,"Medscape Blood Biomarker a 'Promising Predictor' of Psychosis Relapse Patients with an acute psychotic episode and high plasma levels of the vasopressin surrogate copeptin are at increased risk for psychotic relapse, new research suggests."
175870191,I think you can do do better than 18k… keep at it with the University man. It will open up more doors. Don’t settle for less
175870192,"_AT_MENTION_ welcome. You are not alone. I have Schizoaffective depressed type. I've in in the hospital too. It probably saved my life. Now I see an outpatient therapist and a psychiatrist and soon I will have a case manager (temporarily) for a little while. I am looking forward to that. I hope you find support here. HUGS if okay, _PERSON_"
175870193,"I'm feeling like punching myself in the face, or breaking something my agitation levels are rising"
175870194,most of ones that put you sleep wake me up due to my adhd… Any suggestions ?
175870195,"Hi (((((((BABE)))))))) :) Just a few rotten apples in my book-pile as a kid. Mostly I just grew and GREW reading uncontrollably, and would not change ANY of it for the world. It all helped make me what I am, as a Hooman-bean, and as a Writer. :) Love D"
175870196,I am married to a schizophrenic I have known him for more than half my life now. I do not consider myself an expert because he is a very specific kind of schizophrenic but I am a pretty good listener
175870197,"_AT_MENTION_ Even a job like data entry could be hard to find. They may pay lower, and you may need to start as a “temp employee” and then after a while, hopefully, move to “permanent.” I have no companies to recommend."
174395509,"my boyfriend (the only human i trust more than 30% of the time) wants me to see if i have STPD. i am scared of anything medical, including psychologists... i can barely bring myself to go outside and do my laundry out of agoraphobia, i'm not about to talk to a stranger in a closed room in a place i don't know, that is trained to analyze people and find vulnerabilities. it's practically begging someone to manipulate me. my boyfriend doesn't see. what am i supposed to do? i am currently diagnosed with major depression general anxiety and ptsd. it's most certainly incorrect as i only tell my doctor the bare minimum required to get my medication (paroxetine, prazosin). the paroxetine gets rid of my stress sleeping and scary moods but it makes my panics worse. i am early twenties, and i am just now starting to realize my perception of things is weird. mental illness is not a new thing to me, i have family members with autism and bipolar and schizophrenia, but i never really thought that what i was exper
iencing might be related to my perception/cognition. i always blamed me hearing the wrong things on me just being dumb or something and overthinking and my outside input is limited to people calling me ""the weirdest person"" they ""ever met"" or saying i'm scary when i don't understand because i'm trying as best as i can to not make them hate me. my mother says i'm ""very logical"", and i see myself as being a pretty bland person, i want to find the truth about everything. i do not like to tell people things and communicating clearly takes up all of my thoughts and time. i went to the ER when i was 17 cus i thought i was possessed. i was homeless part of my teenhood cus i ran from home cus i thought my father was gonna kill me. i didn't realize these things were probably not true until a year or so after. i get along with my father better now but i will never live with him again and i'm still not sure i'm not possessed. the idea haunts me. i'm scared to say the words aloud. two events happened recently that 
make me think STPD is a possibility or a risk. i have few friends but they're all mentally ill. one of them just got diagnosed with STPD. i've known him since high school and i talked to him about it and he says he sees stuff in me. i met my uncle for the first time and his brother has STPD and i saw things in him. i feel nothing but anxiety in between fits of irritability. i have never experienced emotions the same way as the people around me, i knew that for a long time. my living situation is not great at the moment. i can't really afford rent because i work less than minimum wage as an """"""""""""independent contractor'"""""""""" online, because i can't function in the real world and have lost all the real jobs i had because i eventually piss off everyone. the last place i didn't understand the rules and was ""too organized"" and slow, the place before that i spent too much time fixing up the product placement in the aisles or something, the place before that i couldn't handle the register, i always get 
sick with anxiety and never last more than a year, i mishear something and **** up, i argue with people and everyone always ""sides"" against me even when i know what i heard/saw/know... i moved in with a younger friend because i thought my social anxiety would be better around a younger friend, they were the least threatening person i know, but it's just getting worse, i'm scared of them now and i explode when upset so it's not safe for them. they anger me every day doing things i don't understand. i feel constantly watched. i feel as if i am constantly doing something wrong. i feel like i could be arrested or attacked on the street at any time. my boyfriend moved back to his parents house in another state for work last spring, and i have no one to go places with me or help do paperwork or anything, it's really sinking in just how badly i need someone to ""translate"" the world for me and vice versa. my boyfriend has BPD and got a workbook for working on stuff recently and it made me think about how i need t
o know what's going on exactly if i want to fix it. but i don't want to see a psych?"
175870198,"Yes i have an appointment next week, i have been reading jung and nietszche but no real therapy books"
175870199,I think u got demons monsters in here u not DID or dissocation. Just thinks I need to take it out on somebody that's mostly having them read lacrosse the teacher on the judge show like a teacher dog is it read and induce flash backs now is talking about tracks that u hand out and talk the lord!
175870200,Start small but do it regularly! I found a simple fitness tracker a good tool for doing more exercise. My goal was 10 kms a day. I usually do double that but it didn’t happen overnight- you have to push yourself sometimes.
175870201,"I never did “settle” for A relationship of convenience So now I’m all alone , With my self respect."
175870202,"I was looking for a more natural way, there is no way I would go on ritalin or adderall although it may be a good experiment. I remember snorting it and feeling pretty good with my buddies in high school."
175870203,"This is an interesting thread. I don't think I get this, although I do notice a large number of coincidences, many of which I can't explain which go beyond reasonable coincidence. Also, I find that if I think a certain way about something, then I'll get evidence of the opposite within the next day or two."
175870204,The link documentary below is better than the one in post number 1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62s3FinAoC0
175870205,"Does it get worse when you stand up, stand up for too long, etc? Do you ever get blood pooling in your feet?"
175870206,"9-19-19 Song ""Bossin' Up"" by Kid Ink, A$ap Ferg, and French _NAME_ said ""mad as fuck"" when I started to think about thee SSA. 9-19-19 Song ""Just Be Straight With Me"" by Silkk the _PERSON_ said ""what"" when I read the same in my lyrics. 9-21-19 Song ""What You Know"" by T.I. was repeating ""yeah"" as I was jokingly reading ""yeaha"" on my trash lid (dust writing). 9-21-19 Song ""$outh$ide"" by _NAME_ and _PERSON_ said ""give these hoes a heart attack"" when I was thinking about buying a 15 pack of Monster Energy Drink from Walmart. 9-21-19 Song ""Triller"" by _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ said ""_NAME_ mothafuckin' killa"" when I looked at my orange flops. 9-21-19 Readjusting volume to music after browsing the internet only to find out it was fading out at the end of the song. 9-22-19 Song ""The Meaning"" by The High & Mighty said ""money to pay the rent"" as I was peeking outside at the for sale sign. 9-22-19 Picked a song that I liked this day (Spotify playlist) called ""Cousin _NAME_'s Wedding"" b
y _PERSON_ then it came on when I was describing thoughts being written. Excuse me for the following notes that should be in bullets and separation but I was high on Monster: 9-22-19 Notes: Statistically Political Candidate. ""Interview"" was _NAME_ word (about tenant). ""Time Readings"" reiterating T.R.s for reading because I can't handle all thee info at once but T.R.s redirects me with integrity stance and point I back it up (hard drive) due to lack of communication to owner's forum but mine lacking (current) traffic is a problem. ""Water Industry"": world operation (taking profit like senator _PERSON_ plans similar to his ""green"" idea or was it?). Ironically I toasted with water. To T.R.s: Will mind wrestles with me. Will says ""Don't master rate"". _PERSON_ said ""I don't die"". Just some loose dialogue in between points that involve thought. Primitive thoughts but ""human"" metaphorically speaking. Global Uniting Effort. Monster sessions (not everyday but when I do I have a notebook in hand). Gather i
nformation with life incrementing an observe-mental stance without ""mind wrestling"". Life lessons like losing friends when isolating in character but ""over soul"" is the clue indulging in T.R.s as out ""behavior"" as described/noted by _PERSON_. Like internal conflict is mind wrestling clue as pre-schizophrenia that can be cured but led as conscious evolution by Over and Sub souls subject without hiding behind ""voices"" (phase). An example of Over soul involvement is the creation of dreams and purposely whipped because of space technicalities _NAME_ with ageing."
175870207,Thanks for all your suggestions! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet
175870208,"expectations are key with manipulation and consequential influence. i subscribe to apt and fluid as an alternative to right and wrong. the authorities could channel apt agendas and the public could channel fluid agendas, i.e fluid with less discrimination. it could declutter the engine like a lean burn engine. if the public all channelled right and wrong it could clutter it all up. i also perceive finite culture and specific culture as an imaginery perspective like an imaginery friend. one plus two could be one plus twenty two with merged layering. it could be impossible to prove it wasn't.also with distraction discrimination fishing the twenty two could seem like twenty two one minute then twenty one the next. the existence cloud could easily adjust polarity at it's convenience. like a sentient existence god particle split by ongoing distraction discrimination fishing. if you walked on water or if you completely let go it could fish you just the same either way. there's no escape from it. that's w
hy expectations are key with sz and any consequential influence. appetite for channels could act like sunlight for immune systems, it could help the distraction discrimination fishing cloud fishing comfort zones to be less contrasted. the existence cloud could fish for authority, definition and resources. i support the local heirarchy but find a higherarchy and a lowerarchy in an omniarchy is easirer for my sz."
175870209,ah yea thanks for explaining =) never heard of that before.
175870210,"_NAME_, appreciate the response but you're headed way off course for my given situation. First, I should clarify that my statement about ""having many other issues I am dealing with at the moment"" was misinterpreted. It's my fault for not better explaining. By that I meant I have several other ailments that seem to be a lot more bothersome. I had a Total Colectomy almost 21 years ago and I also have been diagnosed with Crohn's in recent years. I have had some physical ailments like 'shoulder impingement' (most likely), lower back issues (that have been a problem for many many years), and I have also had some other injuries and ailments that have been a hassle in recent months / weeks. As far as the deep breath issue, it is on occasion and not at all related to exercise or shortness of breath when doing activities etc. It doesn't come with any other symptoms, either. It seems like on occasion I need a deep breath, and a yawn will help, but it doesn't come easily. Some of it might be in my head. Non
e of the issues you listed with bullet points are typically a problem for me."
175870211,Bless your heart . You’ll be alright.
175870212,Before Snip20210512_811780×1318 995 KB After Snip20210512_801772×1332 844 KB I hope you all don’t mind me posting this stuff when I finish these jobs!
175870213,"Psychiatric Times A New Option for Bipolar Depression A preview of 3 pivotal trials suggests promising results, but there are reasons to wait before jumping in with this antipsychotic. Caplyta …"
175870214,"My favorite hallucinations include flutes playing encircling my house, patterns on curtains changing, and music playing that doesn't exist."
175870215,Try over 9 years on this med. Do you want a cookie?
175870216,"I had and still have some pretty severe social anxiety, but it used to be worse off meds The tricky thing is adderall and vyvanse kept me pretty level and sociable, I could talk to people without my focus straying to what to do with my hands or where to look etc. I was abusing it, but still I just wish there was a non addictive solution. Ive heard atomoxetine is good and non addictive but I think they only give them to children and teens here Till then keep pushing yourself and it will get better with time. Easier said than done esp in corona times but you sound a lot like I was not too long ago. I dont think anything will cure it but it does get better"
175870217,"_AT_MENTION_ That’s great, but if only I had the motivation to excercise lol. When I’m off meds I excercise all the time but I don’t think it touched my schizophrenia, sadly. Everyone is different though."
175870218,Wow. What an opportunity! Good on you for seeking it out.
175870219,"Topo, an excellent site to look up supplements & prescription medications is Drugs.com. You can go there & type in the name & click on interactions & read about what to avoid while taking certain things. I just looked up tumeric there & found two of my prescription medications that says not to use that supplement. Take care."
175870220,_AT_MENTION_
175870221,https://curtito.com/27460/10-subtle-and ... -a-genius/
175870222,will do… i m gonna take it tonight.
175870223,"Besides meds, what supplements (vitamins, minerals,...) do you take on a daily basis that you feel helps mitigate your anxiety? I'd like to know as I am considering adding B complex to my regimen. I presently take vitamin C, D, zinc, and occasionally calcium. During anxious periods I will also add L-Theanine."
175870224,Wow! This is so encouraging! K
175870225,insight*
175870226,"Plant experts, which one that won’t die easily? I’m not good with plants, they often die"
175870227,I have not. Is it helping with the voices?
175870228,I’m doing an IOP there in the office I did a dt for the iop. Then I was confused they gave me another drug test today. I said hey I have nothing to hide. Not sure why I would need another drug test but I took it anyways they said it was fading off the results
175870229,"i was agreeing with your thread that ignorance is bliss if you can find a coping method that works well enough.my coping method is to have two main perspectives, face value and collective value. either is fine but connecting both could be a short circuit. trying to define the definition of the values can be like finding moving goalposts. hope this helps a bit."
175870230,This is referred to now as EMF BROADCASTING
174396579,"I had the same experience, honestly."
175870231,Maybe I'll make a _PERSON_
175870232,It’s cool! Shows my idea of art.
175870233,Do you ever wake up screaming Only to wish you were still dreaming Because even a nightmare Is better than reality
175870234,So far I’ve sung pseudo-russian and pseudo-french and in this time it’s in psudo-german. The genre is electro-breaks. Enjoy!
175870235,_AT_MENTION_ I commend this. x x
175870236,I’m so glad that it sounds like you have a good mental health treatment team! I think my mental health tip is that my mental illness does not define me. I don’t say that “I am bipolar” but that “I live with bipolar disorder.” How we speak about ourselves has power. I try to be as kind to myself as I can. Thanks for sharing!
175870237,Congratulations and wish you success.
175870238,My son graduated from college and a couple of years later was diagnosed with SZ. He has had 4 hospitalizations when he refuses to take his meds. He has no social like and doesn't want to be involved in any groups because he doesn't believe his has an illness. He plays basketball and will go to the courts alone and he plays poker. His therapist has tried to get him into a support group but he refuses. It's a very difficult situation.
175870239,"I don't even have a Facebook account because the amount of people I connect with is so small there no point for me joining it. There were people I hang out with everyday for year/s, only to cut all communication with them overnight."
175870240,an assessment tool to start getting better
175870241,"Swedish would be cool man! Its a very sing songy language in my opinion Or an asian language would be cool if you can pull off pronounciation and word chice, I think Chinese would sound cool personally"
175870242,"Hi and welcome, in case you really have a SPD there might be more to discover than you may think of: how was your relation to your parents when you were a child? especially to your mother (presumably your primary caregiver)? what happened in your family when you were 1½ to 3 years old? mother back to work? depression of mother? been in the hospital (alone)? moving? Given your mediocre mid-term memory: has it always been this way? or did this increase over the years? how about short-term and long-term memory? SPD and memory is much about the brain and how it works. I have two possible explanations for your memory loss: a) your hippocampus (memory relay in the brain) may be already severely damaged, due to too much (subconscious) stress. (and lack of stress avoidance and lack of ability to autoregulate negative emotions due to early-childhood trauma) b) instead of avoidance of stress triggers (which would be more typical for SPD), your brain learned how to suppress negative thoughts. Well, it's a bi
t difficult to ask for things you don't remember, but maybe some ugly things have happened to you - as a child. Neither nor would be good news for you."
175870243,"When you translate your words into logic you become the one thought man. The irrational man. So, if you have standards, make no ONS, you might become a schizoid in the modern times. But I think it is unrealistic that you can stay human with modern day relationships. So, I am more realistic as human and more unrealistic as the Darwinian animal."
175870244,Are you comfortable sharing what you used to do? It’s hard to provide advice without knowing what isn’t working now.
175870245,"This blog post is inspired by a comment I received. The question was posed – how do we continue to keep on going when we know that inevitably we will fall victim to our episodes. I have rapid cycling bipolar disorder, my episodes of mania, depression, or mixed states can last hours, days, weeks, months. I never know how long my old friend Depression is going to hang around. I never know how high my mania will take me, what danger it will tempt me into. I can’t know. That’s the nature of the beast. So how do I stay beautifully bipolar? I take it a day at a time. No, I wasn’t clever enough to come up with this simple solution on my own, my therapist taught it to me. All I have to worry about is today. What can I control today? What can I avoid? What can I do? Do not let the possibilities of the future scare you. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/05/04/waiting-for-the-bipolar-shoe-to-drop/"
175870246,Thank you so much. I wish everyone well here too:)
175870247,This is cool dude! Im rühe nacht I like the atmosphere and sound design on this one
175870248,"True, but whatever happens you’ll be back, just like the terminator."
175870249,"Nope. It's a personality issue. To be Bear or not to be Bear, that is the question."
175870250,"Hello, I just joined as well. I am currently dealing with the fear and discrimination as well. I am right there with you."
175870251,Tomorrow is my B-Day im 45 in Honkey years
175870252,Cheers! Worked great
175870253,"ver close to this, thank you all i might have a patch to fix it."
175870254,Happy cake day!
175870255,It feels impossible. I feel like I’ll just slump onto the floor like a homeless person. But thanks for the suggestion
175870256,"I'm keeping busy this morning, which is really helping. My mood is okay."
175870257,"Weird, I use chrome as well and it’s on the left. I AM KING NOW!!! _PERSON_"
175870258,I would write up the extra work in a contract take photos. Do it and cut your losses. Do it for the final 200$. Or just drop him and keep $600. These are nightmare clients. Maybe even make him pay 200 before you start when you give him the new contract. Then you can stop at any point.
175870259,Thank you for responding. She is home now with her husband and her children. She is doing well. She was only in the hospital for a month this time. I appreciate your feedback. I will continue to validate her. I just wish I could keep the relapses from reoccurring.
175870260,"PubMed Impact of cannabis use on outcomes of patients admitted to an involuntary... Cannabis users seem to have a particular profile in secure units, and are associated with specific diagnoses and treatments, and a higher risk of readmissions. Adapted management strategies might be warranted for these patients."
174322500,Rexulti 2mg Cymbalta 60mg Gabapentin 3000mg Klonopin .5mg Dexedrine 10mg
175870261,That’s so dangerous
175870262,This true but if she’s asymptomatic then it wouldn’t really matter....
175870263,Reality is weird. How can we not lose touch with it??
175870264,"I was talking to SP about how I felt burnt out on the switch from lack of features other platforms have. Like chatting with friends in some way. It doesn’t have any of that built in. I hate that. The 3DS even had those features. I don’t understand Nintendo. And they just had a Direct and it was mostly all _NAME_ stuff yet again. No offense but not a fan of _NAME_. I’ve tried so many times to be throughout the years. Hoping for a real major Nintendo update. But on a side note, I want the new pokemon snap game."
175870265,Sorry to be a bit blunt but it sounds like a hallucination. I know you heard it but honestly I wouldnt put any stock into what it has to “say”
175870266,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175870267,"Loneliness sucks, isolation is awful, I feel more lonely and isolated I have ever been in years... though in a relationship but he lives in a different world... and now being stuck together bc of COVID, even worse... try and connect w old friends, go for walks w them. That’s what do, I schedule a walk every day w another friend. And my pups. Sometimes I meet a new one and then we walk again. It’s a beautiful thing to connect. I’m sure H has nice ppl. I am close to philadelphia! Trails are wonderful and we have so much sunshine. You have to get out of the house and exercise to lift your spirit... hope you will be able to do that for yourself. There is a light at the end of the tunnel. J"
175870268,"I used to be deep in my delusions before. I cannot talk about it in public or anybody, because it’s so unusual. I think it gave me ptsd, because I don’t believe them anymore, but have flash backs and intrusive thoughts sometimes and just doesn’t go away. It effects my affects and psychosocial behaviour and gives me anxiety. I relate… sorry not much help, but perhaps increase on meds help? Therapy can help too, but it’s more like coping and developing strategies to replace it with different thoughts then getting rid of them"
175870269,Fine. _PHONE_NO_
175870270,_AT_MENTION_. Have you had this bonding experience with your new dog yet?
174322492,Are you on abilify en invasion together? I am and I felt much better after adding 5 mg abilify. But I don’t know if I Will feel even better if I up the dose to 10mg abilify. Or if I Will get to sedated. Whats your experience?
175870271,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175870272,To paraphrase _PERSON_ if you think therefore it’s there. I was frustrated they didn’t examine my brain after I got sick too. I guess it cost too much.
175870273,We all could use a relative with 10 mil.
175870274,"Talked with the psychiatrist. Different than the one I talked to before which is good. She seems nice and not condescending. Anyway we talked, she got the gist of what was happening, went through history, and suggested we taper off the Abilify. I asked her what she thought of a diagnosis and she said she agrees with bipolar and psychotic disorder, but she could sum it up as schizoaffective so there’s that. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175870275,That's a good idea. I love chocolate so I may try that out. I have pudding too so I'll give that a try as well
175870276,Puberty. Girls suddenly stopped being gross and actually became sort of interesting. Developed a tickle in the pickle.
175870277,do you still smoke ? maybe quitting will help. cigarettes or marijuana ? or both ?
175870278,"Thanks I'm sorry about your new roommate turning the heat on, I'd be furious too. It's way too hot for that"
175870279,i don’t feel bored much anymore… i don’t have much motivation but i do my routine and it doesn’t make me feel bored.
175870280,"My whole life, I can decide in the first 10 seconds of meeting someone whether or not I like them."
175870281,"I then tell myself that I'm cursed, and sadly that helps me accept it. How f'd up is that?"
175870282,Temper tantrum reaches new heights
175870283,Thanks _PERSON_.
175870284,I am about to get put on Valproic acid for bipolar. What does it do to you? Zombie? Hair loss?
175870285,"_PERSON_… I can still get hair removal treatment, thought it would be stopped… Thanks Godd"
175870286,"Caffeine can trigger psychosis, especially in large amounts. It is bad for anxiety too. I quit caffeine because it interacts with one of my meds in a dangerous way and it flares up my overactive bladder. However since I started working the day shift at my job and have to wake up at 4 am every day I have had to start drinking it again out of absolute necessity, unfortunately. Also fair warning caffeine withdrawal sucks. You’re doing good by slowly cutting back. I tried to cold turkey quit after drinking monster energy drinks every day and I had like 2 or 3 solid weeks of terrible migraines every single day, severe fatigue and foggy head/lack of ability to focus. It was miserable."
175870287,I live in California in a decent area and I pay $580 a month for a two bedroom apartment. It also has a washer and dryer for the tenants to share. The apartment is owned by a mental health agency and they rent it out to us. We’re on our own but a counselor checks on us every three weeks.
175870288,Yeah but I feel like he created all these bubble dimensions to make different people suffer and (despite him being all-knowing) wants to experiment in different ones and in this one he only wants to communicate using coincidences.
175870289,Thanks _PHONE_NO_
175870290,"I think I have social anxiety, I use to drink to cope with people in public now I have sc and on meds because I hear voices, I still struggle with being in groups of people, ok one on one"
175870291,"well no one knows when the next mass shooting is, so I think that’s a bit of unstable thinking there…? no one is going to shoot you…relax and talk to your pdoc."
175870292,Yeah it's the Vraylar
175870293,"I’m actually asking for help. I would not try to get people to feel sorry for me. Please understand that I’m running on spoons- meaning, I have limited energy than others. I would post at one time and then later I would be too tired to post. It’s not about getting people to feel sorry for me. I’ll just stop posting. I’ll just post poetry from now on if it bothers you. To be honest your post hurts me a bit. I never intend to catfish, or hurt anyone by not replying. But if it truly bothers you, thank you for telling me. I’ll not make posts for a while."
175870294,"Ear plugs don’t work for me, I can still hear them. Headphones with music I can focus on helps. Or a TV on sleep timer. Something to distract me."
175870295,It’ll be alright. Hugs
174322488,"Working at this place and hearing stories from my coworkers about all these people with schiz or other mental illnesses... I wonder if I'm truly schizoaffective. But then I home at the end of the day having hallucinations and dealing with paranoia and anxiety, from stress, and it reminds me I do."
175870296,"I’m not knocking myself as much as I am just being accurate. _AT_MENTION_ , age and failing are unavoidable and have to be accepted as peacefully as possible."
175870297,"No problems, ok _PERSON_, I am scared too. Take care!!!"
175870298,"Thank you _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I’m doing my best this morning by honoring him in small ways. Listening to his favorite music, drinking his favorite drink. Things like that helps me get through my grieving."
175870299,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ . If I can get a decent recording made, I think I would like to turn all you guys on to it. The only thing standing in the way would be my anxiety. I think I would have to take a dose of Inderal and a double dose of Klonipin to get through it. And even then it might not work."
175870300,They have done this to me as well.
175870301,What bad thing _AT_MENTION_ ?
175870302,"Anxiety. I just took an Ativan. Weird smells and stuff, maybe I'm having a stroke. I'm wondering who my next roommate is going to be. Some of the residents here change rooms like playing musical chairs. I hate change and I'm probably doomed. I hope the Ativan will help. It hasn't kicked in yet. I haven't called my mother in at least a week. Maybe I'll take another Ativan. It would put me to sleep. My right ear is blocked. I feel so much like crying but I can't. Too many drugs won't let me. I think I should probably get busy trying to go home. I don't deal well with loss of autonomy. I wasn't sure what to do. I'm still not. I don't know what the fvck to do."
175870303,Now I sleep about 9h.
175870304,For fighting battles no one knows about and winning
175870305,"No, they will review it and then say if you need an assesment or not. I think it might be based on how bad the claim sounds."
175870306,"I slept super late today myself so no grocery store, the cookies and lasagna have to wait....."
175870307,"Ughhhhhhhh, this is the 2nd day in a row my Manic Panic hair dye wasn't delivered, it says they couldn't get in the building, what the hell is security doing down there. And why doesn't it come with my regular mail during the day? It's coming via usps, I don't see why it'd be delivered separately from my regular mail. They can get in just fine early in the day when they put in my normal mail"
175870308,_PHONE_NO_
175870309,"My pdoc said to me today, we are not our thoughts, we are not what what we think , thoughts are just thoughts."
174322496,"Uppers make my mind quiet and sharp. I find myself capable of organizing the mess of information in my head. I can pick memories from my head like it's effortless. For instance, if I watched jeopardy. The questions and names sound familiar and I flounder around my head grasping at smoke and mirrors trying to pull the information out. If I watch it on some type of ephedrine based upper then the answers roll of my tongue in a trance like boredom. It's quiet and organized up top. Whereas, like right now, I feel like I'm filled with all these blurry impressions crowding my mind. I understand uppers normally cause anxiety but they calm me down and wipe out any jitters."
175870310,"I tried cbd 15mg once a day. It seemed to calm me slightly, but I get better effect from other herbs. I am currently taking valerian root with lemon balm and hops for anxiety and as a relaxant, however I avoid taking them at the same time of day as ap because there is some interaction."
175870311,Yes we fck with you by giving you runners dystonia
175870312,Has he been tested for covid? I hope he feels better!!
175870313,"could be gallstones or anything, you should definitely be seen by a doctor asap."
175870314,I used FaceTime with my last therapist.
175870315,No way could I handle that kind of humidity. It’s been like 40% here and I’m dying after like 2 minutes outside.
175870316,Yes it happens to me on occasion but usually I recognise it as my own thoughts. If it’s truly the voices it comes out of the blue and out of my control and I know it’s not me it’s _PERSON_ or _NAME_. That’s how I know the difference.
175870317,"I always have an internal monologue. Constant _PERSON_ never stops for a second. Some people don't have this. The voices I've heard in psychosis came from sources around the room or in other rooms and I could hear them like there was someone really talking. They're usually people that I've never heard - Just made up by my mind. Inner voices were sourced in my head and would sometimes come with a mini-seizure (This was before I was on medication) probably cuz I was in so much stress. Hypnagogic/hypnopompic voices I used to hear a lot.. They happened before falling asleep or after waking up. They'd come with visual hallucinations sometimes as well. I've had auditory hallucinations while overdosing on a psychedelic that isn't known to cause them during the trip. Dissociative voices I wonder are what some people with schizophrenia could be describing - They're like an internal monologue but with voices of people that I've met before - And I don't hear them but it feels like I hear them. Also I've heard 
voices from my fan - ""If you hear music or singing, it may be vague or clear. If you hear voices, typically they sound vague—like a TV playing in another room. ... However, your brain modifies this fan noise so you perceive it as music. This happens because your brain is a pattern recognition machine."""
175870318,i guess why i’ve been waking up early is because ive started to go to bed earlier. sleeping is my reward after a long day. i lay down for bed when it gets dark outside.
175870319,"Hello Tuna fish. _PERSON_ you right, things are simpler as kids. I just wish I could get some sort of excitment for things again. I feel so flat !! Anyways, Thanks for reply. Let me know when you build that time machine, ill be the first one there !"
175870320,yeah youre probably right
175870321,"I don’t need 6 pills lol, this stuff is strong. I’d be knocked out all day on that dosage. Plus I have no desire to reduce my regular meds or anything. Plus the bottle says 2 pills."
175870322,"I enjoyed the longest yard too, but I think I prefer the PG of the _NAME_ one"
175870323,"I’ve had knocks at 3am, but i,'m bedridden so the door doesn’t get answered. I figure it was the band of 14byear old they caught shooting houses up and down my street with BB guns, the cops caught them 2 blocks down with thousands of ammo and empty guns in a parking structure where they’d been shooting out car windows at 5pm on a Thursday. Glad the little bastards were caught, 6 of em. Since being arrested no knocks, but still not cool."
175870324,We’re play CoD CW now.
175870325,Man I just about quit my job for a girl… Dramatic fool is what I feel like. Nothing pissed me off more than knowing she’s interested and right where I’d be if I wasn’t at work… for like months on end.
175870326,Possibly - she was glued to the phone walking past. Maybe im just paranoid.
175870327,Everything is working for me. I am on Chrome.
175870328,I tried to wake up at 8am but I woke up at 12pm. I couldn't do it. And I couldn't fall asleep until like 2am when I went to bed at 11am.
175870329,There’s no option for zero. Mind you I have come close on several occasions. My heart goes out to all of you that have to deal with psychosis on a reoccurring basis.
175870330,"I can’t socialize at all really I have completely isolated my self and have lost all my friends. I cant walk my dog, go to the shop go to school etc."
175870331,"I know it is. My Sikh religion refer to this life as “_NAME_”, or “illusion”, and I had some weird psychotic episodes where some people seemed very AI-like. The feel is minimal now but I still get tells here and there."
174322502,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ !
175870332,I can't drink energy drinks. They make my heart beat way too fast. I don't think it's good for your anxiety.
175870333,I used to get lots of anxiety so I tried to meditate and it seemed to help.
175870334,"Y’all doing all rights, in dat daddy day care?"
175870335,I don’t know what you mean. It would certainly be easier than when you’re off Ap’s and Psychotic.
175870336,"So the first thing to learn is how to dice and cook chicken. That is the hardest part. Basically, just take the thawed boneless chicken breast (one should be enough) and cut it into 1/2 inch cubes. There will be sinew and blood clots, cut those out and throw them away. They are disgusting. The pieces don’t have to be perfect, but try to make them similar in size. That way, they will cook evenly. Take a pan and put in about a tablespoon of oil. Vegetable oil is fine, or peanut oil. _NAME_ oil is not great for this purpose, because it has a low smoke point. You do NOT want the oil to smoke. Heat it on medium-high until the oil moved smoothly through the pan when you swirl it around, or until a single drop of water crackles on it. Dump in the chicken in a single layer, and quickly stir it around to coat all the sides in oil, then let it rest on one side for a few minutes. When it is ready to be flipped, the chicken will come away from the pan easily. If it sticks, it is still raw. Pick up one piece 
to check the level of doneness. When it is cooked, it will be whiteish, starting to brown on the bottom. Flip the pieces over and cook the other side the same way. Cut the biggest one open to make sure it is cooked all the way through. For the curry, it is honestly much faster and easier to just use premade sauces. I like _PERSON_’s _PERSON_ curry. It comes in a purple jar, and I use two jars, because I like lots of sauce. Dump the jar into the pan, and reduce the heat to the lowest setting, then cover it and leave it alone for like 15 minutes. For a healthy side, you can take broccoli (or cauliflower or bell peppers or potatoes or really any vegetable you like). Wash it, cut it into about half inch cubes, then pour it in a bowl with about a tablespoon of oil. Preheat the oven to 450, then grease a baking sheet and lay the vegetable in a single layer. Shake garlic salt over all of it (or a spice blend and regular salt), then stick it in the oven for 25-30 minutes, until it looks browned in some places. Take 
it out and enjoy your masterpiece! To save time, you can also just buy steam-in-the-bag vegetables and microwave them, then add garlic salt or a spice blend after. They aren’t as tasty, but still good. For rice, if you have a rice steamer it is easy. If you don’t, you need a pot with a tight fitting lid. Add one cup of rice, two cups of water, then bring to a boil and immediately reduce the heat to low. Let it simmer for about 20 minutes, until all the water is absorbed and the rice tastes tender. Whatever you do, do NOT cut corners by using instant rice. It is peasant food."
175870337,"That sounds real nice. What you listening to? Hopefully it becomes a peaceful night for you, bro."
175870338,Oh I am already doing both. I am also trying to limit interactions with her as much as possible. I think it’s the best for me personally.
175870339,"Tby, it sounds like side effects."
175870340,"Man, that is a good article right there firemonkey"
175870341,Might go to church this weekend
175870342,This thread should have a Trigger Warning.
175870343,I understand that so much. I struggle every day. I hope you come to the realization that you are worthy and you deserve happiness.
175870344,n95 to be used for maximum 5 days which is not practical
175870345,"_AT_MENTION_, if you want _PERSON_ always here too. You can PM me any time you need a friend…"
175870346,Is This a national thing?
175870347,How to be stable
174322507,Lots of people on Clozapine complain about drooling at night
175870348,Yes! I am trying. Trying to reduce it now.
175870349,"If 2020 taught me anything, it's that we're all doomed. People won't wear a mask despite hundreds of thousands dead, what hope is there anyone will make significant lifestyle changes to counter global warming? We need to tackle plastic waste, and rising pollution, over crowding, and carbon use per person. Pbbbttt, good luck. 70 million Americans are dumb enough to be conned by _PERSON_ or are greedy enough to maximize personal profits over conscience, the rise of anti-science and the birth of alternative facts. Literally need to convince people the Earth isn't flat, vaccines work and don't cause autism, let alone qanon folks and MANY more. Racism and nationalism are again on the rise; both sides more polarized, violent, organized and less self-censored with online social media. Still in the middle of a pandemic with societal/governmental support networks failing those in need, recession, and political extremism. On the verge of millions of people losing low skill jobs to A.I., think millions of une
mployed truckers when self driving trucks are mainstream. Biotech also on the edge of mainstream, we can do some gene-editing now and likely the super-rich will literally be super-human soon with the economic divide greater than ever. Look at commercial space tourism as an example. Why strive to old age when the reward is a failing mind and body? A lifetime of loss and pain with bad memories outweighing good once almost 5 to 1... I'm not kicking the bucket today, but I have my method and logistic worked out, financials in order, and am only mid-30s. Thing get more difficult, I see no reason to fight much more, we're all doomed."
175870350,"Yep it equals the same as 6, I’ve taken pills this way before."
175870351,Are you independently wealthy? Because CBD is expensive and generally only works at higher doses that most can’t afford. You’d need to go with one that has no THC at all. THC and SZ together are generally bad juju.
175870352,"I got PIP when I transferred from DLA, but went from high care and low mobility to just standard care. This when there had been no change in how I was doing. Years ago I sussed that being good at form filling/ getting hold of someone good at form filling to do it for you, stood one a better chance than the actual level of your disability and how it affects you . Years ago I participated on a disability newsgroup. There were people there with self admitted mild disabilities who had planned their claims like military campaigns , and were getting DLA. I had been turned down despite being more severely disabled. One person even said he used his DLA towards a skiing holiday!! If you have not done so already check out https://www.benefitsandwork.co.uk/"
175870353,_PERSON_ for response. What do you mean by looking after yourself? Diet/exercise or something?
175870354,My voices are not so prominent but I have beliefs others don’t seem to share and they are constant. I have sza so have mood element as well.
175870355,Ok thanks! I will! You’re so helpful!
175870356,_AT_MENTION_ watch til the end TikTok _USER_ID_ ? on TikTok just ?farm things? ??
175870357,10000 steps might be ideal for a healthy 30 year old but not an overweight diabetic male with health issues.
175870358,I’m mentally exhausted. So many things I have to deal at once while being in pain waiting for the surgery
175870359,_AT_MENTION_ thank you! I think maybe I’ll give my case manager a call and see what she has to say
175870360,"I have got a problem,I mean recently I have been addicted mobile game microtransaction.During the ten year working for my parent,I have stole money 4-5 times although the money I take is mostly low amount like hundreds.Yesterday,I stole another 100 to help top up coins for my mobile game.I feel guilty but relieved because I get the coins I wanted,now I just hoped to cover back the money even though I know that my parent wouldn’t find out…"
175870361,"YES but since 2 months I have been skipping breakfast and just having a 150 calories 15g protein bar. I lost 15lb in 1 month, haven’t weighted myself since then though, I can’t find the weighing scale maybe my brother has it in his room."
174322506,"_PERSON_, you are so lucky to not have sedation. I have been taking it for 5 months now. However, I take 100 mg amisulpride in the morning. My pdoc says that amisulpride at 100 mg is a mild stimulant. I am not able to make out if the sedation is due to amisulpride, though"
175870362,"If you are decorating your home, wayfair.com is pretty good. They have just so much choice on there, so I normally use it over Amazon."
175870363,Coca cola is my favorite soda I hope you get your packages
175870364,"This website has HIV test kits. I got my blood work done with them to check my testosterone and estrogen levels. You have to prick your finger on your non dominant hand and put it into a little vial. You can use HEALTH20 coupon code for 20% off your test kit. I’m not sponsored or affiliated with this company. LetsGetChecked LetsGetChecked - Home health and wellness tests in the United States Providing efficient, discreet and thorough online health and wellness test kits. Our kits are shipped directly to you by discreet mail order, for you to test conveniently and in the privacy of your own home."
175870365,Thanks _AT_MENTION_!
175870366,When I was on sulpiride plus seroxat my mood lifted too much I was staying up till early hours reading every word of a magazine feeling really happy
175870367,"Yeah, for neurofeedback, my math rating was good, but my processing speed and attention were rated bad, so hopefully doing some sessions will improve that. But my brain legit feels burned out if I read too much, so I’m going to ask them about that"
174322503,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175870368,"_NAME_, this guy was a tough guy! He’d been sent to jail sober for illegal business practices! You’re f***ing psychic, _NAME_."
175870369,Wow. He sounds like a psychopath.
175870370,"Dude, I could care less how many slaves my family owned. I didn’t get any money just for being born, didn’t inherit anything but a used 1994 Camry. My ancestors’ crimes are not my crimes. Plus, I’m pretty sure I’m descended from immigrant Italians and Pollocks."
174322516,"Took a look at it, but I don’t know how to differentiate it from bipolar with psychotic features."
175870371,I think that you can have autism and psychosis. No shame in that.
175870372,Would you like to go to support groups for people with mental disorders?
175870373,I really apologise about the spelling if I got it wrong… i think I may have it and I don’t think its about being obese overweight or over how I look as much as it is about how disgusting I feel my body is … maybe that is a reason why I shy away from the intimacy… i don’t know
175870374,"I have heard some strange things lately as my room has thin walls or appear to. I found out yesterday that a resident here I thought was dying was possibly OK and what I heard about him was either an overreaction from staff, or a hallucination in its own right. Even after I started taking meds that basically got “rid of the voices outside my head” I’ve hallucinated occasionally that way on occasion just as badly as I did when the illness was 24/7 and its been a terrible thing. The worst ones were hallucinations in restaurants where I thought people were talking about me just to find out either they were talking about someone else or were not even present. Most of the time the meds allow me to hear what is real enough but when I am particularly stressed I still hear delusional things. I’ve just about determined that it’s not worth going to the Psych Ward over because I’ve tried every med from A-Z and Invega simply works as well as any can. But I put a list of some of the things I’ve he
ard lately to my counselor along with the worst results of some of my most sleepless nights just to see if he strongly disagrees. I also want to find out if maybe some of my “delusions” are real. The visit by my family was a stressor as I had to keep my hygiene up day after day which is harder now, and go out in public often weighing nearly 350 pounds with clothes that didn’t always quite fit. It’s more difficult to be out in public for long periods of time and I feel I’m a bit of an embarrassment to my family. There was also a letdown when they left. Another stressor is that my phone is breaking down and I can’t get text messages any more. I felt down yesterday as well when I found out that only one piece of mail from my twin’s family came as my nieces there are too old to want to send thank-you cards for the first time. But the day ended with a good note with the announcement that another great niece or nephew was expected in the near future. Finally there’s something to be happy about."
175870375,"you were probably lost, you sound like you are back on the right path for a while now anyway so well done, I dont know what to say to people still struggling, i guess all i can say is keep trying, keep going, I think as long as you are moving forward then you are on the right path"
175870376,Do your voices ever yawn?
175870377,When I was 29 and I had my first baby.
175870378,"Yes, I had bad restless leg from it which sucked because it really helped with sleep. If I take it I have to take a gabapentin too for the restless legs. Hydroxyzine works better for me or clonodine, but that lowers your blood pressure."
175870379,You just made me cry. Thank you.?
175870380,I’m picking up a used one. Much smaller but looks sturdy. It’s only $20
175870381,Depakote. My psychosis is horrific but my depression makes me a danger to myself. I would end up killing myself if I let my depression go untreated.
175870382,I’m stockpiling Words to use In poems Like “toilet” And “paper”
175870383,Have your voices told you their name? If so what are their names im wondering if we hear the same people.
175870384,"I’d start small and work my way up, I’d also check and see if there’s much of a demand for it in your area before I ever took out a loan, that would be a place you don’t want to be if it didn’t work out, good luck"
175870385,No not even close.
175870386,Honestly that’s super shitty of your husband like y’all need to work on your trust issues cause that’s a hell of a slippery slope
174322517,"Hi peeps, So I’ve been working a retail job for the past 3-ish weeks, and so far it’s been relatively smooth sailing-- that is, until two days ago: On Monday, a coworker made a comment and it just snowballed into a full-on conspiracy at work against me. I was hearing whispering, had ideas of reference, and was extremely paranoid for my entire 5-hour shift. It got so bad that towards the end of the work day, I was thinking things weren’t real. Haven’t had a day that extreme until that point-- made me remember the old times I’d be at work while unmedicated just trying to make it through the day. I’m already on 15mg of Abilify and 50mg of Zoloft, and really don’t want a med increase, let alone a switch. I’ve got another 5-hour shift today, and am nervous the symptoms are going to come flooding back. I just want to do my job, and do it well. Any recommendations, or similar stories from you folks? Thanks"
175870387,Hint?? _PHONE_NO_
175870388,Apparently booger king will release the impossible burger. Its a vegan burger that even has radish juice so when you eat it has red in it like a real burger.
175870389,This is the two way voices appear: Internal and external. Internal ones say the same things as external ones. They are the same. They both are located in my ear and behind it.
174322519,"I hate that. Does anyone else get upset about this? It especially upsets me because I love guns and have always been fascinated by them and even wanted to collect them, but now that I've been committed 4 times involuntarily for over 72 hours, my gun rights are all gone. Since I'm a prohibited person that means that if I were ever caught with one I'd be given a life sentence for it. I can still buy antique guns, which are basically muzzleloaders or guns that use a cartridge that is no longer manufactured. I might buy a pinfire or teatfire revolver for protection, but it really sucks that I don't have any rights as a human being. This has been on my mind for a while and it really saddens me. I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia and am going to be on medication for the rest of my life, I might as well Possible trigger: kill myself to spare myself from an entire existence of suffering."
175870390,Untitledsays924??608 54 KB
175870391,oh the storys i could tell about drunks. please don’t get me started.
175870392,"We also stuff eggplants in Mahshi, I love them."
175870393,Thanks guys. I was really wondering if it was too different.
175870394,"Yeah, that’s exactly what happens to me. Coding if you love nature… Not sure what you mean"
175870395,"Do you obsess about your delusions? The more I dwell or feed into them the more real the seem. The worst is mysteries and the unexplainable. When something unexplainable happens, normal people don’t notice. But some people do, and those people end up diving too deep, and appearing “psychotic” and sometimes it can feel like the mental health system is rigged against actually helping us get better. I feel like I’ve been on a solo journey to recovery. Nothing in mental hospitals helped me. The best I learned outside the standardized system of care, alt. holistic therapists and neuro-feedback or reading about eastern religions. All of it helped to some degree, and I fear that _USER_ID_ is growing about people with schizophrenia. Not sure why, could be the pandemic and a cultural shift towards non-acceptance? Like cancel-culture. Like I am a pacifist and a progressive. I voted for the wrong person but I just think _PERSON_ is too artificial seeming, when is he going to give a speech or state of 
the union address? Sometimes he stumbles on his words so much he just spats nonsense, and I feel like he’s trying to draw upon too much daddy’s gonna make it better vibes when people are questioning the world. More needs to be done to combat misinformation, yeah, but do we need the NSA to be reading every freaking email and comment on google we make world wide web? I knew I was spied on before _PERSON_ told everyone. It was pretty much common knowledge so why make him a scapegoat. I’m paranoid that _PERSON_ is dead also and that all his interviews are being done through that fake video technology soooooo my paranoias can seem realistic and would trigger a normal person who was in my shoes haha"
175870396,food and shelter…stable mind…food to eat…maybe you can’t do anything but you are still a human being !! just try…it takes practice.
175870397,"Yes, I told em. On Depakote again but takes a couple days. Luckily, not really psychotic yet. Thanks, Blue!!!!"
174322509,"Not sure why my post was flagged? However, if there is one thing I realize back on this forum this time, it’s that psychiatrists have it so difficult that their patients don 't listen to the psychiatrist’s advice most of the time. Hence them not recovering."
175870398,I think everyone is loveable. So says my deepak _PERSON_ books But people can have bad behaviours that are not such lovable behaviours which may make one avoid them if they are bad behaved. My friends left me too
175870399,Britain is not a third world country by far.
175870400,I’m sorry you’re feeling like this. Talk with your fiancee… let her know that just being there for you helps you in some way.
175870402,"I don’t care WHAT happens, from tomorrow I will eat sensible and it will stay that way. no matter how much I suffer or how much I need to sleep (or struggle to sleep) I will do it because eventually it will be worth it I can do this because I NEED to !"
175870403,Of my time in hospital or i would drive myself even more up the wall. I can’t take myself too seriously all the time.
175870404,Are you on any antipsychotic?
175870405,How do you know that they are 27000?
175870406,"Awesome! I love the shading of the purple gem, and how the heart is so asymmetrical."
175870407,No you’re on to something I remember them fondly and even when I’d lift weights bc I think they contain protein
175870408,The police had access to my medical records because the police got involved while I was at the hospital idk why I guess I scared one of the nurses because I was psychotic they brought up stuff in court from a previous hospital visit but I didn’t get in trouble or anything because I didn’t do anything wrong
175870409,"They want us to stay at, but its not a order"
175870410,"I always get a silly scare when the left hand bubble lights up on your profile icon. I always think its a suspension, not a pm lol ."
175870411,Yes too much deep sleep makes it much harder to wakup in the morning.
175870412,"I lost a bit of intelligence, concentration, reputation, healthy lifestyle, passions, tranquility, relationships, affection, personality, imagination"
175870413,I thought about quitting my meds many times early on but it’s not a good idea. you’d probably just end up in the psych ward again. and I know how you hated that.
175870414,why did I get diagnosed with psychosis? It’s literally a mental problem
175870415,Your not helping me. Sarcasm doesn’t help anything
175870416,Oh that’s awesome! I hope it works out!
175870417,Oh ok. Just curious
175870418,Hugs Breaking..... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175870419,Send good vibes your way _AT_MENTION_ There is hope that you get good medical treatment.
175870420,Pharmacists know more about drugs than drs. I’d call the pharmacist and ask
175870421,_AT_MENTION_ Thank you for this. Thank you for caring.
175870422,Coming from someone like myself who was a dedicated athlete and bodybuilder in order to lose weight fast and in a healthy way eating the right portion meal 3 times and 2 healthy snacks in between meals is important. You want to have the right nutrition in your body as well as the right fuel to exercise and then recover your body after exercise.
175870423,"Amisulpride, Pregabalin, Diazepam, Levomapromazine, Procycldine"
175870424,You can easily do cardio at home. You don’t need equipment or anything. Almost any exercise or sets of exercises will do.
175870425,have you tried the discord forum for this site
175870426,"nice choice, im going get some today or tommorow."
174322514,"Not really. It could be the energy drinks but I’m addicted to them. Maybe I would be a different, non-schizophrenic person without them or have a milder case but I cannot quit them, I tried."
175870427,Not very honest! Medical files are shared between physicians and I want absolute complete privacy! Nothing shared!
175870428,Don’t drink before either.
175870429,Sz is a bit of a damned if you do and damned if you don’t situation. Denial of madness is proof of madness etc. It’s a bit of an ironic fate.
175870430,I don’t recall any voice mentioning Hell but maybe it was implied to get me to kill myself when the voices were good voices they may have even mentioned I’m a saint.
175870431,"When I realized i was at the start of another episode I told my family who told my doctors. I’d planned it so that by the time things were really bad, I would already have a good treatment team and support network. But everyone I asked for treatment either couldn’t or wouldn’t help me or refer me on to anyone who would help. I did spend some time in an inpatient unit recently. They kept me for a week or less, completely forgot to get my meds on a few occasions, and discharged me without a treatment plan. I don’t even have a treatment team who I can tell… So I guess it’s not being treated beyond some medication, but also I have no way of getting it treated. The trauma therapist might be good, but I’m scared that they won’t believe me or will refuse to help (mostly because this is what normally happens when I ask for help actually)"
175870432,Honey I wore glasses. There was a Spanish guy (from Spain) who liked me back when I met my daughter’s father but I didn’t think I was pretty enough for him (I was gorgeous back then and didn’t know it).
175870433,Anytime
175870434,thanks _AT_MENTION_!!!
175870435,"I’m extremely sure I have hypochondria, as well. I’ve been to the ER too many times and told too many people I thought i am dying."
175870436,Good luck! It’s a well paid job. Only downside is that you need to work for lawyers and what they say about them is generally true. I was married to a para legal. She could type like nobodies business. I can type pretty fast…well I thought I could till I met her!
175870437,I wouldn’t call myself childlike but people tend to treat me like I might break. And I do laugh at fart jokes.
175870438,"I feel like the most important person in the universe. All the gods are angry at me because I’ve upset the order of the cosmos. They all accuse me of being the devil and I am innocent. I am this way because of a cosmic accident. I think I make up these scenarios because I’m covering my feeling of utter insignificance and the desolation, the desert of the real, total death, no inspiration."
175870439,You don’t seem that different to me. What makes you think you have never had any form of psychosis before?
175870440,"That’s good that you found something that works. I’ve never had restless leg syndrome, but I understand that it can really be an issue, especially with sleep."
175870441,"The bell rings, It’s time. I depart. Corpse roads Far beyond the grave Let’s not lie about Why you’re here. The bell rings. I walk. People weep. I follow. – Here’s the end of the poetry dump. Thanks everyone for bearing with me lol"
175870442,_AT_MENTION_ It could be improving your sleep.
175870443,watching the news and the city i live in
175870444,So cute!!!
175870445,_NAME_ says he’s thought the same thing at the same time with someone else many times. ok. ok.
174322521,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174322530,I went because I was struggling at my public school(British boarding). I was put on Anafranil . A dx was never mentioned to me .
175870446,I still have slight grandiosity on meds. When I get slightly happy I start feeling that its abnormal for me and I question it saying I don’t deserve it. I think its because often I become grandiose when slightly happy and start to think that I will be very popular like making discoveries in science or even making miracles. It became a reflex to prevent psychosis and sometimes its preventing true happiness. Whenever I succeed in small things I automatically set an unrealistic goal which is what I was before my sz. I don’t know how to set realistic goals and stay focused on them.
175870447,The group of friends I smoked with I soon suspected were trolling on me and I backstabbed the friendship.
175870448,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_, much appreciated!"
175870449,That’s a good idea
174322527,"That’s my main concern, meds not good long term, I read possibly side effects and would love to cope with sc without meds but voices are difficult especially at night"
175870450,"I want golden eggs, real gold only!"
175870451,Coffee with Irish creme creamer
175870452,"I think you’re under a false impression that having a partner will make your inappropriate feelings go away. It won’t. It will only mean you feel even more inappropriate about them, because now you risk being a cheater as well as just hurting people. The way to handle this is by working through your feelings in therapy, and then once you’re happy with where you are in life and NOT obsessed with someone else, you can look for a relationship with an available person you are attracted to."
175870453,That’s so awesome _AT_MENTION_ I am very happy to hear she will be getting treatment!
175870454,"When unmedicated yes and I felt I was in a video game, _USER_ID_. I could die and relive."
175870455,"^ Oh, glad that you aren't in jail. I was figuring you burning some skyscraper after our exchange yesterday."
174322535,Thank you. I’m on abilify maintena 300ml I have been on it for a year and just waiting to see if the doc can take me off of it if I get better after two years
175870456,Can you go do what you need to do but schedule yourself a mandatory nap? Make yourself at least try to get some sleep around lunch.
175870457,Good job _AT_MENTION_ !!!
175870458,That’s good. Depakote is a good med for me too. Really helps the long mood swings. Stay out of the hospital; goal #1. I’m here if you ever want to PM me.
175870459,"Sorry you had a bad day, I never understood why some people are so rude/have bad attitudes constantly, everyone has bad days now and then but I don't understand being like that in general all the time"
175870460,Glad your doing better
175870461,We have one. It’s foxtel satellite pay tv. It’s quite common out here in Australia because it’s a big country. Still. There’s others with different arrays. Not really sure what they get but a neighbour had a huge dish up. Our foxtel is like 40cm diameter. No idea really but it works unless in some serious rain!
175870462,I told you this would happen. The next step is you testing the theory. And then you’re dead. Go back on your meds.
175870463,Bought a coke out of the vending machine. I haven't had coke in a while. I was feeling mentally fatigued a little but now feel a little better because of the sugar - That's why I know DEFINITELY that a keto diet will be good for my cognition because my brain will be fuelled by ketones instead of sugar.
175870464,How long has it been this way? What if you didn’t have your phone?
175870465,A ham sandwich
175870466,I was also really involved with IT and wrote weird raps that were religious.
174322531,"Hey, guys. have not really posted here before. I have bp 1, but it is heavily psychosis-dominant at this stage in its history/evolution. Basically, I spent from last October until earlyish May of this year super psychotic really almost all the time. Lots of meds changed, etc. Finally, tried Trilafon, before just giving up and going with Clozaril--which I am happy to do--and it seems to be working. _PERSON_. So freaking bizarre to have such horrific psychosis for so long and then, out of nowhere, it is just, like--gone. I'm even suspicious of that! How weird am I? My weird brain. So bizarre. Anyway, given that I mostly deal with psychotic issues these days, I think I will start checking in here every day, if noone minds. I am usually on the bipolar board, but most folks there do not have nearly the psychotic stuff I often do. Hope everyone is okay today!!!"
175870467,"if so why, what makes you think you could or couldnt"
175870468,thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! I need to learn how to use mobile more but usually on puter!
175870469,What do you mean they are real people?
175870470,"Well, I made it through. I had nitrous. I have more cavities than I have teeth. I basically have polka dot teeth and a giant hole in one of my front teeth. I did know they were bad…that’s why I was so afraid to go in. Taking care of your teeth requires the ability to do something very consistently and I don’t have that b/c of mental illness. If I’m debating wether or not I want to live, teeth brushing doesn’t tend to come up."
175870471,I have it extremely bad for like a year…and prob with memory… makes me si
175870472,I was underweight but now it seems like I’m at my right weight. I could probably loose some belly… but not too much…
175870473,I understand. Try switching meds or speaking to ur doctor. I tried 2 meds before I could settle on one.
175870474,I have no where to ask questions about possible religious delusions. I’m not allowed to talk about these questions with my therapist and I can’t ask those questions here. It just sucks. I struggle with things of this nature but don’t have anywhere to turn in regards to it.
175870475,"I took 15mg cbd oil capsules. They seemed to promote wellbeing and calm. Thc will probably promote psychosis, so i would stick to cbd."
175870476,I’m 30 years old. Another thing I worry about was whether I was a terrorist. I took a class on terrorism/Israel and later on now I think I was a terrorist based on how I dressed and the things I wrote. This really throws me off. I think they would have captured me if I was though right? I thought they were but then I went to a bed and breakfast and was safe with my boyfriend who I think is the devil. Now I’m supposedly like a _NAME_ so I was kept safe but now I feel like I have only 10 years. But now I think they want to punish me by turning me into the dictator of North Korea through plastic surgery because I was a terrorist. The people in my family and my boyfriend think I’m not. But they love me so maybe that’s why they think that. I would take pictures of religious books and would write scary writings when I was on adderall.
175870477,oh you got a bf? Is he in the foster home too?
175870478,I really want to go back to school for medical billing but I am really scared my symptoms will get in the way and that I will fail. I dont want to waste that much money. Memory loss is a big problem for me and that is my main concern.
175870479,"This is my first year using Humira. I am intending to fly over the winter months (6) from Toronto at the end of Oct to Ft. Myers in Florida, and back to Toronto in mid-late Apr. I take a total of 7 boxes containing 2 pens each with me. 1) Can I take this on the plane as carry-on? 2) If yes, what is the best way to store this to maintain the required temp? Air Canada Rouge is the only carrier that flies directly to Ft. Myers. I have border crossing documents from both the pharmacy in Toronto, and my specialist in Toronto."
175870480,If i had a day of psychosis due to lack of sleep can that be taken that the original dx of schiz was correct ?
175870481,"I’m okay, but tired. I have to wear this old style walkman thing connected to what looks like a weightlifting belt until right before I go to bed. No pain. The camera part is what I’m doing now… had to have a camera inserted and it takes film all the way down. I hope that made sense. Thanks for asking. That’s sweet. _AT_MENTION_"
175870482,I gave the impression that I thought I was God. I boss who fired me said so.
175870483,So if you don’t take the benzo you wake up when?
175870484,I am freaked out of my mind! I am not worried one bit I don’t know what to feel It’s too early to tell Ive done my research and it’s a lot worst than I thought Ive done my research and it’s not as bad as people are making it to be 0 voters
175870485,"Mindfulness for Bipolar Disorder: How Mindfulness and Neuroscience Can Help You Manage Your Bipolar Symptoms by _NAME_, MD"
175870486,You have quite severe mood changes so I think benzos were a good choice. Dont eat them like sweets though you dont want to deal with withdrawal off of them.
175870487,"Forgot one: Pacing (had it when I was tortured with the unbearable feeling, which apparently forced me to walk all day long, every day, for months) That makes a total of 48 types of symptoms."
175870488,Try to switch to green tea instead of coffee
175870489,"I’m an Enneagram 8. To the surprise of ... no one who knows what the **** Enneagram is and has seen me around here for long ... lol. 3s are great, love them."
175870490,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_ You are right. This afternoon i walked for 3 hours around the city, just to keep my ruminations away. Im depressed at the moment, so keeping active is crucial. Running away from the bad thoughts."
175870491,What activities are you involved with? Why are they monitoring you? If I may ask?
175870492,"I don’t either. I have issues that require APs, but I don’t think I have schizophrenia or schizoaffective"
175870493,"SoO0…, I Demand An Answer (!!!). Tell Me Why You Deserve Spiritual Punishment From Nature’s Grip Of Vicious Anger (???). I’ll Tell You Why (!!!). YOU DON’T. . . For With The Best Comes Endless Great Responsibility. . . For With The Worst Comes Nightmares And Not One Dream. . . So Stop Being So Hard On Yourself & Rest Awhile. . . . . . . Hope, Love, Joy, And Peace!. P.s. I Am The Best!. Jus Kidding (!!!)."
175870494,My psychiatrist says the same thing. X
175870495,Very funny stuff _AT_MENTION_!
175870496,"I wonder if it's even worth going on a new med for appetite suppression. I mean they all have side effects obviously like all meds do, I'm always scared about taking new meds. I worry I'll get like the worst possible side effects and die or something. I don't know what she's even gonna suggest, I'm thinking it will be topomax but who knows what she has in mind. And that med has lots of scary side effects"
175870497,"After she dies, my young brothers will take care of me."
174322542,"I just know that all human souls are equal. So therefore, a schizophrenic soul that is struggling with symptoms and identity and stuff is simply Just at a wrong place. Because I ?????? myself up soooooo bad with drugs. There was nothing of me left. They say “if you get stuck in an acid trip there’s no coming back”. But I found the right meds combo and I’m all here now just as every other human being on earth. That’s how I know that no matter what you do to your mind, you’re still 1 whole freaking soul!!! Because I damaged myself but came back as I should. I’m just saying we all have the potential inside to be vibrant cognizant creatures it’s just finding the right chemicals for us. I’ve found mine but maybe you just haven’t found yours yet but I have hope one day you will."
175870498,does _NAME_ rhyme with orange. ?
175870499,I ate dinner tonight. I seem to be getting better at eating food without freaking out with my fear.
175870500,If you had taken antipsychotics surely someone had diagnosed you ie a psychiatrist?
175870501,"Thanks, I’ll try tiktok, never been on it before."
175870502,"twitter.com _NAME_? (emkburke) I have seen videos on Tiktok of mental health nurses (and general nurses) mocking patients with mental illnesses, particularly around IM’ing them. This is NOT okay. No part of that is at all okay. It’s upsetting, disrespectful, dehumanising and triggering. Don’t do it. 7:04 PM - 30 May 2020 110 21"
175870503,I dont have that. I mean money-wise.
175870504,"If I sleep alone, I sleep with the light on. I’m afraid of the dark."
175870505,Well I lacked insight but not anymore I still wash my hands though bc of it
175870506,"So I did some googling and here's what I found; ""Hi, I’m 20, and I have something to tell you. I have been drinking quite often since i was 17, and I really liked it. But then something happened. Something that changed my view on alcohol and also the feeling which I get from consuming it. What was it? A psychedelic experience, or I have to say multiple psychedelic experiences with LSD and also psilocybin. The changes came slowly, my attitude towards alcohol wasn’t changed since I first put an acid blotter on my tongue, it took a while, it took a few psychedelic experiences (around 8) before something interesting happened. So, If you had some psychedelic experiences, that may be the reason why you don’t like drinking. you simply understanded that alcohol is just a wrong substance to put in your system to make you happy and make you have fun"" ""The co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) believed LSD could be used to cure alcoholics and credited the drug with helping his own recovery from oft
en debilitating depression, according to new research. About 20 years after setting up the Ohio-based sobriety movement in 1935, Bill _NAME_ came to believe that LSD could help ""cynical alcoholics"" achieve a ""spiritual awakening"" and start on the path to recovery."""
175870507,I would take the shot and no one would know unless I told them
175870508,"Is it wrong to be blunt about certain aspects of my life with people? I've been blunt about all kinds of things with people. Like if doctors offices or etc need me to pay something, I'll say ""I'm gonna have to wait to pay it because I only have a dollar to my name"" or something like that. And people are so surprised or they are shocked. Or when I'm open about anxiety and depression. Or just anything else. Idk."
175870509,"Not everyone, but a lot of people. A lot of people won’t go to the trouble of hating you if you haven’t done anything really bad to them, like impregnate and then abandon their daughter, destroying their car and killing a couple of members of their family because you were driving drunk, burning down their house through carelessness, things like that. Envy can cause people to hate you, but I don’t have to worry about that."
174322541,Raspberry leaves are a natural serm (selective estrogen…something). I remember reading about it years ago. I’ve still got a full bottle of raspberry leaf extract to try. Serms modulate estrogen.
175870510,Actually what you talked about with your driver’s license it would drive a sane people to question their sanity.
175870511,But if you can quit cold turkey its better.
175870512,"Well, i only feel wellbutrin is working for me if clozapine dosage is not too high, because clozapine muted stimulating effect from wellbutrin. On the other hand i didn’t sleep for 3 days when i tried to go without any clozapine. So then i went up on it once again on lower dose. Because my clozapine is low dosage i can afford to go to the high dosage wellbutrin which can cause seizures in combination with clozapine on high enough dosage. So if you take 200 mg clozapine you may not want to take more than 150 mg - 300 mg daily of bupropion otherwise the risk of seizures is high . Though I think bupropion is good to counteracts sleepiness and weight gain associated with clozapine. Good luck!"
175870513,I think what I’m gonna do is make a business website. Specifically for finding writing gigs and connect it to my LinkedIn etc since I’ve been getting more and more.
175870514,"We seem to be on the same boat notwithstanding a few differences. We/I are not God but were sent by him and later tricked by the devil into co-creating the universe, or rather a simulation,. Everyone is me and I am everyone. As with you these fluctuating beliefs do not really affect me. I don’t see your beliefs as delusional."
174322545,"PubMed Association of Antipsychotics Adherence and Cardiovascular Disease Among... Among newly diagnosed schizophrenia patients, better adherence to antipsychotics lowered the risk CVD incidence despite previously suggested antipsychotic-associated CVD risk. Thus, efforts to improve antipsychotics adherence may improve CVD outcomes..."
175870515,I haven't showered in 3 days. and I don't want to now........
175870516,Try doing something relaxing and distracting before sleeping such as reading a good book which might help you sleep.
175870517,good to hear you feel calmer =) i hope things will improve on the higher dose.
175870518,I think standing for 2 hours is too much to ask of you. Hopefully he eventually lets it go
175870519,_AT_MENTION_ Your taking the piss mate - or your Psychotic.
175870520,Sounds like you’ll be going back to the hospital then.
174322546,"How to prove that the ultra sound wave of hallucination is emitted directly within the conscious mind at first,then it is transmitted to the brain cells through the mental reaction (feedback) ? 1-If the brain is the one that produces the sound wave directly in the mind, the sound wave should be emitted in the mind though the whole day (waking/sleep ),24 hours 2- If the sound wave were emitted in the mind (only) it is supposed to be issued during the waking hours only ! 3- all people with sz,never listening to the hallucination voices during the sleep time,dreams or absent of the consciousness (the absence of the mind) Then,the sound wave do not produced by brain functional activity in the whole day ,and it is emitted directly in the present mind by action of the sound emitter itself (the hallucination)"
175870521,I have asked and they say it’s supposed to prevent more psychosis but I don’t think psychosis would come
175870522,"I think the hardest part for me is just making myself get started, once I'm relaxed and into a story it goes well but it's hard to make myself start"
174322547,Clozapine takes longer than most APs to have full effects. Having said that not all meds work the same for everyone. Discuss it with your pdoc.
175870523,"I’ve never flagged her either, but I agree with _AT_MENTION_ ; _AT_MENTION_ states her views and opinions in a rude way. Sort of like; if you dont agree or like my beliefs then f-ck you. I get it, it’s like a rebellious _PERSON_-like attitude, but you have to be considerate of other people as well."
175870524,Good post The mind and the body are hardwired Benefits in physical health correlate to benefits in mental health
175870525,Haha. I was wondering where the 1/2 came from.
175870526,That sounds like a boat load of medication… has your psychotic-ness tamped down at least from all of that?
175870527,Well it will be a while before I even go on a first date with someone. I’m really taking my time to get my life together slowly but surely. But I plan on with anyone telling them the truth because it’s a big part of my life and the reason why I’m living the way that I’m living so young.
175870528,"Thats the minimum dose. Ask your psychiatrist about your symptoms, I think he will raise it. Btw Zyprexa 15mg didn’t work for my psychosis. Now I am on Risperdal."
175870529,"Welcome! If You need help, tag a moderator. You can place an @ then type the name. We’ll be happy to help. _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_"
175870530,"my morning smoothie is a pick me up. and when I play my guitar that lifts my mood some. and I feel better after my workout. but I sometimes get down in the evenings, don’t really have a solution for that, I don’t take anything for it. I just try to wake up a little later in the morning and not have much down time before bed, at night I watch a movie or basketball before bed so that distracts me from my evening depression some. another thing that helps my moods is going on little short trips when I can afford it. living here depresses me, there is nothing to do and I only have one friend in town. I only have my hobbies and life gets old. taking trips helps me reset myself and I don’t mind living here for a 2 or 3 months afterwards."
175870531,I’d say mine has improved. Not sure if it’s advancing age or the fact I’ve been on the same meds for so long or a combination of both. I’m way less paranoid and less depressive and have way less racing thoughts etc. It has been reported that for some symptoms do lessen with age…
175870532,"_PERSON_ understand. After a while the obcession goes away. Hope so, wish you the best"
175870533,Oh. I hope it’s not too bad for you.
175870534,Thanks for the reply. I am on 15mg currently. But online I read that above 15mg it is not much of benefit. That’s why my doctors had 800mg Amisulpride with it.
175870535,"Visual hallucinations? I had laser surgery years ago and never needed my thick glasses since then, so happy that I did it. It only lasted 3 minutes and didn’t hurt. Got a good deal on it because my father is friend with the eye surgeon. He did a bigger surgery for my dad and was also successful, he put lenses inside my father’s eye. Laser only works for far vision, my dad had both close and far vision loss."
175870536,Well got an alert my meds are filled. $3.60. A lot of relief! But it’ll have to wait til I can get there to pick it up tomorrow or the next day hopefully
175870537,That’s tough. My neighbors didn’t want me playing with their kids because my dad was a violent drunk. I was also neglected at home and smelled. I wet my pants often out of fear and no one cleaned me up. So I’d walk around smelling. My skin was also scaling off due to malnutrition. I was ostracized for it and other kids parents didn’t allow them to play with me. So I understand being an outcast. It’s really difficult
175870538,"Yes, VERY good to not bring cigarettes in!"
175870539,I see…_PHONE_NO_
174322551,Picture psychosis. That’s how it would end up.
175870540,Disco balls.....
174322544,I’m on aripiprazole. I have a sleep pattern all over the place. But I tend to get about 12 hours per day or up to 15 including daytime naps
175870541,I ask because a friend of mine with sza said she gets this too and assumed it was a hallucination
175870542,"Well, I guess I'll just take things one at a time. 1st stop caffeine which I have, start drinking more water, next start adding some more vegetables to my meals, then work on cutting down on junk food, and then work on walking more. Probably better to make changes slowly then all at once. More sustainable that way. I keep wanting to get myself walking but there's over 18 inches of snow outside and they don't clear the side walks and stuff good around here."
175870543,"So I left my rental of 2.5 years because it was a heat box in summer, I didn’t want to leave because I was comfortable and secure as the landlords wanted a long term tenant. I liked feeling stable for once knowing that it was basically my home for decades to come but I left because I didn’t want my kids to suffer the heat. I’ve moved into a newer place with air con etc but am miserable, I no longer feel safe and this will never be home. The set up of the house isn’t working out with my family and is causing me stress every minute I’m here and my only relief is when I’m not here. It’s aggravated my ocd and I feel very ill. I want my old place back so badly, I want to ask my previous landlords if I can move back in as they haven’t found new tenants yet and break the lease here. I could’ve just bought an aircon unit for old place instead of the money and stress of moving. I don’t even care about being blacklisted for this place as long as I’m in old place paying rent. It’s comp
letely humiliating calling the old landlords and I’m not sure if they’d want me back after my toddler drawing on the walls etc the whole thing needs re painting. I don’t think I could rent another place now and I don’t know what I should do. My anxiety is unbearable and I want out of this house."
175870544,"I know you’re trying to help me to have an open mind, but I’m really, really scared of people. Like dead scared. It’s really hard for me to make friends. I’m really scared of people. My peers TERRIFY me. I feel like they will emotionally hurt me again. I’ve been hurt before and I don’t want to risk that again"
175870545,"Before I was diagnosed, I was very emotional and depressed. I would lash out, push people away, then hide in my apartment to cry and self-harm. I’ve learnt a lot about myself in the past 10 years, and after I got on meds my emotions became more manageable. I’ve almost completely stopped dissociating and having panic attacks, I haven’t self-harmed in years, and I generally feel like I’m more stable and calm and happy now."
175870546,"Nope, I’m not on any meds anymore. I came off in August. _AT_MENTION_ no, never smoked a cigarette in my entire life"
175870547,"Yeah, it's been in the high seventies here lately which I don't like. I want some winter weather when it's winter time. lol"
175870548,Yes. I’m stable.
175870549,"I have been hearing this self realisation, self acceptance, self love, trust in me, etc for long time. But I am not quite there yet. I feel like even my mother has vengeance against me."
175870550,Unfortunately you don’t necessarily have to do anything. Even the beds they give you can do it. Hope you feel better soon. Maybe moving around a bit with your friend will help.
175870551,I mean I can be really cold blooded. I can be really self absorbed. I have hurt other people. I put my needs first. I break rules. I have a conscience but I can justify not listening to it. I think a lot of people are sociopaths actually to some degree. I wonder if you can change your stripes if you’re a sociopath. Can you be a better person? Does therapy work on sociopathy? There’s got to be something that can be done about it.
174322549,I’m on rexulti and saphris
175870552,My understanding is that none of th sleep aids keep you asleep.....they’re only good for falling asleep but often you’ll sleep longer because falling asleep if th typical issue.....
175870553,I believe that my thoughts are showing up as words on everyone’s phones.
175870554,He says I am a parasite to my parents and society.
175870555,"Guys, once again. THIS THREAD IS NOT FOR TALKING ABOUT LOSING WEIGHT"
175870556,"I’m moving into light. Simple energy for the system but it’s nice to think… In this incredibly huge and fathomless universe I will have changed it ever, ever so slightly with my energy. When I pass I will move into other energy but there’s a few on this planet while it lasts will remember my energy… That is pretty sweet in my book."
175870557,Hm. Do you have any other grounding stuff that doesn’t? Distracting yourself? Stretching? Exercise? Have you eaten enough? Are you drinking enough water? Are you taking your meds?
175870558,"I want a drink. Maybe I'll buy some alcohol this week. I hardly ever drink, I think the last time I did was like 5 years ago and that was only once in awhile. I like fireball whiskey, _NAME_'s and angry orchard beer"
175870559,did you get the money?
175870560,Really? Cool. Did you like the guy/girl?
175870561,Possible trigger: was having some suicidal thoughts earlier. Found this webpage helpful. Don't know if it'd be useful to anyone here struggling with the same but here it is if anyone wants to check it out Are You Feeling Suicidal? - HelpGuide.org
175870562,Ugh I gained those 2 pounds back lol
175870563,"yeah the only thing I really get at fast food now is mcdoubles or jr chicken from mcdonalds, or jr cheeseburger and jr bacons from wendys. but if theres a good coupon deal for the quarter pounder blt then ill get that its just too tasty the last of the ‘cheap’ fast food."
175870564,"Nice poem, but the last two lines could be taken as ominous. You aren’t planning anything, are you?"
175870565,"Alright, are there ways to improve the connectivity or is it like a lost limb?"
175870566,"NO IM NOT. If your gonna panda to wishy washy topics, without fear of offending anybody - than i just wont log in again."
175870567,Finally got new glasses!
175870568,"I think that seeing a Therapist would be a great idea, especially as you don’t have any family support at present. You need some form of support and someone to talk to otherwise you will just go around the _USER_ID_. I don’t know anything about bipolar sorry."
175870569,LS! I am 62. Always lacto-ovo-vegetarian. 50K in dietary supplements. I feel like I am in my forties.
175870570,Yes its hard because im obsessed
175870571,"if you don’t like cats, they also allow pictures of fancy desserts and outer space."
175870572,looking forward to find someone who have…
175870573,I would end up in a ward if I quit the meds
175870574,"Yeah I won’t do it anymore I’m 16, will I end up in jail"
175870575,"I guess so, maybe try Vraylar for one day but I think this has risks without benefits."
175870576,Latuda is the only medication that consistently helps with my depression.
175870577,"Yeah, I watched some of those youtube videos. It freak the **** out of me so I stopped watching them because I hate to think how much suffering there is on good people and so much darkness and evilness there is in people."
174322559,"Right, schizophrenia is just an illness. It doesn’t define me. I hope that I could just leave it at that and stop overthinking it."
175870578,Any sexual side effects from caplyta? And did you have sexual side effects from Abilify?
175870580,I feel like killing myself all the time. My psy said I have SZ with apathy and avolition. He wrote it in my diagnosis and work report. Avolition is complete lack of motivation. My brothers drag me into the shower every 8-10 days. I am not even motivated enough to shower. I stay in bed all day except 2 times/week I force myself to play video games.
175870581,"yeah dont engage them, they dont deserve any attention. it helps to disempower the voices."
175870582,Doesn’t talking to customers helps you? It helped me when I was working and isolated socially.
175870583,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html http://www.suicidestop.com/suicide_prevention_chat_online.html Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: https://afsp.org/find-support/ https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line is the free, 24/7, confidential text message service for people in crisis. Text HOME to 741741 in the United States. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
175870584,Pump Not binge eat Shower n floss teeth
175870585,"I think the universe is trying to kill me. First I almost get abducted, then a friend asks if I would like to go spelunking. Like, what?!! It’s saying…“goo, do dangerous, life threatening things, I’m going to getcha!” I’m not doing it!!!"
175870586,yeah… i’m waty better than i used to be. i wouldn’t go off my injection now. And i don’t think I’m entirely better. I seem to be o…k… just kind of kept on my feet because i know i could hear voices at any minute.
175870587,Welcome to the forum. Hope you enjoy your time here.
174322552,but yeah id probably drink more alcohol if it didn’t make my brain unstable so easily. So that prevents me from alcoholism in a way
175870588,"Paranoia of people - like I was just walking to the store and felt like everybody wanted to attack me, i think the neighbors hate me and yell at me through the walls and read my mind and are plotting to kill me Grandiose ideations - schizotypal behavior Isolation - I rarely talk to people and always been alone Depression - low self esteem really bad Bad coping skills - isolation, smoking, binge eating Poor social skills most of the time, often can’t think clearly, can’t speak fluently Health getting progressively worse That’s just some of them. There are probably many more. APs have never helped me, since my delusions are so deeply rooted. Any comments or questions about me?"
175870589,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ !
175870590,wow long time on your job. That’s great =)
175870591,I feel most comfortable doing repetitive work as well. I tend to panic when I have to mix it up too much on a given work day.
175870592,"Negative: Writer's block. Also, my roommate went to the bar which is questionable.I have a pain ny my arm. It's like ciatica shooting down it. Positive: Ordered my story a bit so it flows better. I'm having trouble finding a way to divinate my character. I have hints and blotchy ideas, but not a clear path. I think this calls for chocolate, beer, my lucky pen and my notepad. I'll be back later this evening."
175870593,"I take a cholesteral pill, two diabetes pills, Vitamin D and an AP. I was on an antidepressant but we think that was what was causing me high liver enzymes so I discontinued that. Do you think long term use of all these medications we take will damage our bodies in the long term?"
175870594,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175870595,Why antihistamines? I don’t get it _AT_MENTION_
174322566,I’m still trying to figure this out. Was it triggering to find broccoli helps sz?
175870596,a “female police officer” 4 weeks ago to our face with eye contact and rational that would send fear while in the presence of paramedics and my mum and me
175870597,oh did the cops come to question you?
174322557,"No, they obviously can’t. It’s just that here in Poland in every psychiatric ward there has to be a psychologist and you must have at least one, preliminary conversation. We don’t have to see a general Dr to get to the psychiatrist. If someone wants to visit one, then he or she just has to go to some mental health clinic and make an appointment. In fact, many times I was running out of meds or I just needed an immediate help, so I went to the clinic, asked my psychiatrist “hey, I need a prescription, I’m running out of meds” or “my condition is really bad, I can’t wait for a visit” and he just says “alright, tell the ladies in registration that I will have you today”, it’s so simple, no need to wait when you’re in need. At least that’s how it is in my city, it might be more tricky in the bigger ones."
174322564,Negative symptoms can not be treated. Hopefully KarXT helps if its released
175870598,"Yeah that is the risk of lowering the dose, but I’m coming to terms of agreement about it. I will ask once I see him, maybe switch the medicine. But Anti-psychotics are horrible for the metabolism so I heard, right now I’m eating 500 under 2000 calories so hopefully I see some results. I did manage to lose 20 lbs but the weight loss stalled so that’s that. I hope you manage to get down to your healthy weight, wish you the best on this journey."
175870599,well rog go get help AA might help
175870600,How did you end up on it? How many meds have you tried?
175870601,Welcome to the forum!
175870602,so proud of you…I sure haven’t done anything like that since structural mathematics in college…good for you !
175870603,“Everybody must get stoned.”
175870604,"You are welcome buddy, glad your feeling better."
175870605,"I'm feeling a smidge better today but I'm worried the sui thoughts will come back. I have a plan though. If I start to notice the thoughts, I'm going to try to stop them and then focus on something positive. If I don't have a lot to do at work today (which it's not looking like it) then I will have a lot of time with my thoughts and be able to ruminate which is bad. So I gotta keep my mind on happy things. My friend gave me a deserved lecture last night on not down playing things to my PDOC. I deserved that."
174322561,"Today, I went to a one on one counseling session with my drug and alcohol counselor. She asked me about how I was doing and I felt comfortable opening up to her about my mental health and schizoaffective diagnosis. Turns out her bio mom has the same thing. So we clicked on that. She told me I was more high functioning than a lot of people without mental illness. She said being employed is huge. She gave me instructions to write and read and journal daily about how my mental health felt on a 1-10. And if I’m stable or not and if not then how can I be stable again. So here goes: I would rate my mental health at a 7 today. I feel well rested but am getting cabin fever. And some visual and auditory hallucinations. The visuals I get with running, I ran today for the first time in a long time, and it hurt. My lungs were on fire. I want to do it again though because it’s such a great, healthy activity. I love it. Sweet release of energy. I’ll get better, right? Another question I am trying to solve 
is am I an alcoholic? Alcohol may have caused my last medicine, Invega, to stop working. I was recently switched to Abilify. I am drawn to alcohol for its sociable properties, but I believe I may have overdone it in the past. Blacking out in college, peeing in the garbage can, trying to fight one of my best friends, and that’s only what I remember. And following my dx, I would drink as much as I could every day to forget. Have a beer at home, take a shot at the bar, followed by more beer or cocktails. Ugh I’d like to think I don’t struggle with alcoholism because everyone drinks too much in their 20’s… I think I’m stable today because I can ask and answer that myself. I want to work on communicating better and socializing. It’s something I am not super pro at. Again just feeding my ego here to make me happy. All in all a good life is within reach if you want it, living with schizophrenia."
175870606,I think _AT_MENTION_ and her open approach to moderation was the way forward. Sad that failed. We do need moderation and that is a no brainer but a more humanistic approach would be beneficial in my opinion and I think _PERSON_ had a more forward thinking approach which moved away for the us versus them routine which was a nice thing.
175870607,"You’re very wise. I wish I wouldn’t have gone out with him. I just hadn’t met anyone I was attracted to, in a long time."
174322562,"An addition to this: Earlier, while pacing in the corridor, “I” (or the “ spirit ” that controls my body) looked at that man, and he snapped at me “Don’t look at me! Spirit ,” followed by profanities."
175870608,"when i was on zyprexa i lucid dreamed just about every night, it was cool except for that most of the dreams would end in sleep paralysis, i never really had nightmares tho. now on invega i have ok dreams, sometimes cool but never get completely lucid anymore and i have had some nightmare but not as often now as they were at first"
175870609,Yeah. I’m trying to calm down but it’s hard.
175870610,It’s probably heartburn. Try to drink more water and eat before you smoke
175870611,I bet it was _NAME_ after you changed your profile picture.
175870612,I had a friend who was a graphic designer. He makes logos to businesses. I stopped talking to him since getting sz though.
175870613,You have a way with colours
175870614,"As if to say you couldn’t appreciate the effort because you, yourself, give nothing any effort."
175870615,"Philosophy - YouTube Philosophy in 46 episodes! That's what I'm watching... Although I'm very tired. I wish I was manic. I would take ket, phenibut, psilocybin to dissociate myself but .. That's not good.. I must deal with the existential pain and go forward with my life... It's just meh right now. Drugs gave me meaning for a few years - And I've learned quite a bit from it... Some things many people wouldn't know.. We're all unique and have a story to tell. Don't let anyone say you aren't WORTH.. Because life is like a song.. Or a poem.. My dad often speaks as if he's saying a poem or a song.. I'm sure he has some sort of schizotypal.. In time, things pass.. You have to stay sane - And it can be hard. I read about a psychiatrist that said ""I am told by culture to tweak minds to a certain normal state of consciousness"". It takes mental absorbing - But we can be lazy, and pain or pleasure will lead us through the trails that lead to the destination... Like as reality is on a tree branch.. Look at 
a microscope for the first time and ""Oh no.. There's living things .. they're really small"" - But what if one of those living things caused _PERSON_ to be elected? We need proof of things! Find the patterns.. We are pattern seekers.. Because dopamine isn't a happy chemical (It's an ""almost happy"" chemical).. And when your running after the prey with a bow and arrow, you are hungry.. You then save up the meat in salt. Too much meat? What about too much freedom or food or technology or grapes? _PERSON_ understood this.. Much like how I wanted to be a heroin addict.. Yess.. Any judgement welcome.. Cuz people chase happiness all of the time but they often say that they're never really happy.. fame, money, sex, luxury - People become obsessed - ""I want that perfect relationship - My partner is a narcissist!""... Smart cookie caught in a web of charm.. The spider is meticulous.."
175870616,Exercise is great. I was really depressed this morning but managed to force myself to go to the gym and then I managed to stay the whole spinning class of 45 minutes although I kept thinking I would leave cause I don’t feel good and then I managed to do boxing after spinning. I am the fittest I’ve ever been. I go to the gym 3-4 times a week and I walk my brothers dogs 3 times a weeek. I might be having a hysterectomy soon and won’t be able to exercise for maybe two months. All my fitness will go away and I will have to start from the beginning again which sucks cause I’ve worked so hard to be this fit. I have gained dress sizes since exercising. Some say it’s muscle but I think it’s fat too cause I eat more. I eat unhealthy things too like chips and I’m vegan. I don’t look fit but I am fit. I used to be slim but unfit now I’m chubby but fit. I was perhaps my happiest I’ve ever been with the exercise routine but then got depressed a bit since I lowered my medication. I feel better 
today because I exercised and my instructor is just great.she does heaps of _USER_ID_ talk which really helps me and she said I’ve improved.
175870617,"I take ibuprofen twice a day everyday, 800mg per dose. I hope your shoulder recovers soon."
175870618,"First time I had psychosis, the doctor diagnosed me with psychosis. Second time, with schizophrenia, it’s really the same process for everyone in my country"
175870619,yeah somedays i wish our brains had a on and off switch
175870620,"in my past, you know how many times I could have been busted for DUI? I have no record. I we take chances on leaving our keys in the ignition in the driveway. I’ve pissed so many people off online, I’m sure they could find me. nothing."
174322571,"Yeah, weed always messed me up more than crack ever did. I don’t encourage or condone smoking crack but weed was always the worst for me."
174322570,I get mild akithisia taking zyprexa at night. Not as bad as first on abilify. Those nights were horrible but I just end up rubbing my legs together. It’s become a bit of a ritual and I get to sleep so not so bad…
174322567,"Every day for the last 8 years. I’m on the max dose of Invega and can’t take a higher dose of clozapine because of my heart. So, I guess I’m stuck with them for now. I still hope they will magically disapear some day. Wish me luck!"
174322575,Think u need to go on clozapine
175870621,Thanks _AT_MENTION_.
175870622,"What did he do, sneer at you? I’m a little confused about this part."
175870623,"no, i dont think so"
175870624,"I’m at the train station to pick up my mom. I ended the week paranoid, crying, tired and had not good basically. It didn’t go so well."
175870625,Hooray for _NAME_ !!! Hooray for _PERSON_ !!!
175870626,My medical doctor was giving me my meds thankfully to get me by.
175870627,Do you have depression? Cause when i had major depressive disorder i could barely (if i forced myself) make very short eye contact. It also made me feel very shy
175870628,"Metformin gave me diarrhea, and Lipitor caused leg muscle aches and pains."
175870629,"Healthy Reminders 11/29/2020 Having my diaper changed, The relief of having my bottom cleaned, The Pleasure of Talcum Powder Applied, Having the Cloth Diaper … The Safety Pin, Not Feeling That Safe… At Least Twice, Before That Poke, Of What Kept Me From Shitting To Some Point, All Over This Place. Lying In My Crib, Finally Noticing, The Mobile Above It. The Artificial Stuffed Cat, Loved So Dearly. My Blanky Too … My Grandma. My Mom and Dad. My Brothers. Older and New. My Attempt To Shovel Snow, The Several Vertical Feet of It, The Result That Followed, Saved For My 20s and 50s Too. Steward and I Playing, In the Back Yard With No Fence. My Beloved Cowboy Boots, Getting Stuck In The Mud. Sending My Friend,To Get My Dad, To The Rescue. Finally Seeing and Feeling, Apparently for the First Time … Where I was Stuck. Why It Was Muddy, The Similar Remains … Uncerimoniously Dumped There, Because They Weren’t Like You Or I, Later I Saw What Came Before, At a “Ranch” In Some Place. I Have Not 
Forgotten … Very Early Healthy Reminders, It’s Not About Winning or Losing, It’s About How we Play The Game. Sometimes Others Name It, Call It, Like Fools, Before The End Of The Race. Instead of Just Attempting To Keep Up The Pace."
175870630,I hope your Mom is fine _AT_MENTION_.
175870631,Yeah. So scary.
175870632,"yea, i thought i was going to break 250 barrier for once, guess i have to work harder, its a long process."
175870633,Btw you misspelled ‘thread’.
175870634,_PERSON_ hes saying death might be easier as you grief for a short time and move on but with sz you’re always in grief.
175870635,Nice artwork _AT_MENTION_ psychotic You always do such beautiful art
175870636,Thanks!! The company is pretty small but will see if there is anything i can do. I appreciate the support. Today felt better than the past few days so hopefully it continues!
175870637,I wouldn’t have stopped AP treatment
175870638,Home now
175870639,I hear all of you. I fear almost everything. I’m pretty sure that it’s all part of being schizo
175870640,"Hi _NAME_. Thank you for posting, this took an incredible amount of courage. I want you to know that you are not alone whatsoever. You have overcome a great battle, and a commend you for that. You are incredibly strong. Do not give up on love. You have so much love to give and do not lose sight of that. I also recently got out of a long term relationship, and am struggling as well. Something that helps me is spending time with the people that love and care about me. The nights are harder than the days, but each day it gets better and better. Keep your head up, I am here for you. It is always important to take care of yourself because that is the most important thing. Stay healthy, and put YOU first."
175870641,"Hugs dude. Your body probably needed the extra sleep. Make an extra effort to go to bed at a reasonable time tonight, and set an alarm for a reasonable time in the morning."
175870642,"I finally slept, all through the night then took a nap this afternoon too, I feel a lot better!"
175870643,"Hello everyone, hi SC Sorry it took so long for me to update here in the forum. I have been struggling with anxiety and panic attack lately for about 3months. Went to my doctor and prescribed me with Zoloft 50mg. Been in 2days with it. I don’t want to be addicted on it. I’m trying to do exercise as well. I will do everything to get better. Hopefully and praying I will be okay soon. My son needs me. I need to get better. I am not like this before. Everybody’s right, having a child and family is hard. But don’t get me wrong I enjoyed my son so much. It’s just that I am overwhelmed with everything."
175870644,sorry to hear you going through a rough time =( Don’t worry about your neighbours. You couldn’t help it…
175870645,Isn’t that the drug of last resort? I heard you have to get constant blood tests for as long as you are on it. That is kind of a pain in the butt but I hope it works out for both of you.
175870646,Yeah the local news trigger me the most.
175870647,Ive been in both in the US and they were pretty much the exact same.
175870648,_PERSON_. _PERSON_ is more important to me. But after that anti psychotic. I have depression but it is always related to my mental illness.
175870649,"If you really love him, I wouldn’t throw your marriage away so quickly. It’s awful to be alone, especially if there’s someone you love. You never know if you’ll find love again."
175870650,"A year or two ago, not sure."
175870651,"i drink my vitamins in the morning and supplements, i glass of vegetable juice, lunch one can of tuna and one protein bar and for dinner one glass of vegetable juice thats it, i drink 3glass of water and have 1 jug of bcaas. is this good."
175870652,Yes call her up and confirm it _AT_MENTION_
175870653,"In the future, it is a good idea to look at someone’s previous topics to get a clearer picture before jumping to conclusions based on limited information."
175870654,Mine is the third more pacific country
174322582,When I am feeling anxious and panicky but no one is after me.
175870655,I have no voices or positive symptoms on meds. Off meds they treat me like a slave and a criminal.
175870656,"Lol a fight sounds like an advanture to me, i'ld love if some junkie would try to stub me, usually its small and fragile people that get into this kind of stuff, as a pretty big person i love this kind of adrenaline. But would probably run if its a bigger person than me, usually the people bigger than me are actually nice, so no fights there, its funny that the bigger the person usually the less intimidating he would want to appear to the outside, because people are usually intimidated by them on first sight."
175870657,"I’ve always had a death wish, makes life messy as I don’t care much about anything, so nothing ever advances for the good"
174322576,Abilify has an antidepressant effect. So that’s it I guess.
175870658,Never go off your meds cici it’s not worth it
175870659,"My Alter Ego, who calls himself my higher self and the Ultimate Diety, has been telling me for 28 years that I am "" not there "". I find it very mean spirited. What is he fighting against if I am not there, what does he want to destroy? That is my situation, thanks for letting me share. I don’t know how to prove you exist to yourself. Today I am not worried about it. Sit back and let yourself disappear. When you come back you’ll just say, "" Wow, that was painless! """
175870660,I’ve had disappointing performances due to either my sza or my meds too. I wince at those too. And nobody’s attacked me either. But those failures have rendered me scared to death of getting up on stage to perform.
175870661,…sometimes I think some global events happened because of me. It is natural to want to matter but in excess it’s dangerous…
175870662,"Perhaps the undercurrent that you may be gay drove you to psychosis? I’m no doctor, but maybe that was the root of all of your mania?"
175870663,thanks for the insight x
175870664,"Nicely written, _NAME_. I had a couple cats, but they didn’t work out. So I took them back to the shelter."
175870665,I just hope you decide to come back. Sorry if it was me you felt the need to ignore/mute.
175870666,As an old friend said to someone -when did you start dying your hair silver? All my peers are ageing now and showing frailties so I don’t feel as much pressure to be a perfectionist.
175870667,"I would actually have my AP dose lowered to see if this helps, then if no improvements I would switch APs."
174322584,I don’t know if it’s bad enough to get meds.
175870668,"_PERSON_, i think it is both. there is a certain extent i can learn to toughen up by working on my self esteem, but it only gets me so far,wont remove all my shyness"
175870669,I’m not on ideal weight…who are you anyway??
175870670,"No, I've been wondering if she's alright"
175870671,"don’t know if this is real or not, but that’s just what we, as schizophrenics, need – actual monitoring of our cell phones. As if the delusions weren’t strong enough already…myself included"
175870672,"I occasionally will experience “bad” days. I’ll cycle during these days or get anxiety. Most days I’m doing ok, not great usually but I’ll manage."
175870673,My boss from my old work was telling me how his mother who was diagnosed with dementia was crying all of the time. It must be so scary. I don’t really know what you mean by believing in them but as _AT_MENTION_ said they can feel so I would like to be there for them how I can when I can.
175870674,Very cool. I love games and even though I don’t get to play them too often these days I’m playing computer games at least. Scrabble is a good game and it improves your vocab for sure. Well done to you and may you win a few more!
175870675,if you apply for a disability confident company and tick the relevant box for disability you are gauranteed an interview
175870676,It’s not that we hate showering more than we hate many other daily chores. The struggle is widespread across all sectors. Scrub scrub scrub…
175870677,"Wep, you sleep-put on a nice suit, sleep walk to garage, sleep get in ur beemer, sleep open garage door and back out at 3 am. Then, ur wifey finds you, holding the baby, and asks what the f you think u r doing in ur best suit at 3 am in the car. Then, she realizes you r actually still asleep. Ambien. Have a neurosurgeon pal. Flying NYC to LA. Took Ambien. Woke up in Burbank next day w lovely flt attendant by his side. No idea how he got there.zero memory. Ambien. Just be careful. Works for most, but sometimes..."
175870678,COVID 19 messed up my training year at my job. I am working from home with no supervision. I can use Skype or the telephone when I need help but that’s no substitute for having someone show you how to do something in person I am still at it though.
175870679,"being single used to be fun in my 20’s. alot of my friends were also single and we would do things… then one by one life picked em off and they got married and had kids. now im still single and spend most of my time alone. it’s not bad, but i would trade it in for a relationship."
175870680,"Its 1:40, I’ll fall asleep as soon as I take my medicine, but I’m afraid to go to sleep."
175870681,"I have many doubts, and I continue to do normal stuff like watching netflix, playing chess or reading books. I’m not psychotic."
174322577,"I live in LA, I’m a fan of his. Obviously didn’t know about his ‘stuff’, now that he’s out, let’s support him. He’s got a good teammate in JTurner!"
175870682,"Pretty much, but after all those bad year of living unmedicated sz has changed my personality No where near as out going as I once was"
175870683,also called MEMANTINE its a cognitive enhancing medicine
175870684,"_PERSON_ I also smoked like 3 packs when I was psychotic, its tough so the medication isnt controlling or the symptoms yet and they are still there. What dosages are you on?"
175870685,"I take 10 mg of Lexapro and it’s a miracle med for me. That’s not a huge dose, but it’s all I need to completely control my depression. Social anxiety is not a problem for me, so I can’t weigh in on that in particular. I wish you the best with it!"
175870686,_AT_MENTION_ I believe you went by the name CircleOfFifths. Well if you take Haldol that may contribute to your low mood or something. So yeah. Bye.
175870687,"Within my experience with hearing so-called imaginary 'voices', there is a wealth of detailed counter subject's that would include, NLP, Gaslighting, Bait & Switch, Rough Shadowing, Hazing, Floating Box and aspects of Cyber Culture that would include Doxxing, Shaming, Canal Culture, and modern forms of Zersetzung like revenge for hire or via a proxy, Flying Monkies, Swarming and mobbing. So it's a wonder how we as isolated people can have daily hallucinations which follow this strategy on mass and cause the same damage to all of us, within the same manner though we are separately delusional within our combined experiences of this 'thing', it would be like having the masses daily hallucinate the current pandemic of COVID, then offer a vaccine as we are all crazy and in need of drugs or medication. Would by now the common knowledge of electronic harassment & organized mobbing be finally excepted as real and partly the reason we are affected by strange experiences. Just a thought."
175870688,"That’s good to hear I didn’t find I was eating much, but I was pretty much sleeping a lot"
175870689,Try calling the canadian salvation army. They might be able to help you themselves or point you to other resources. https://salvationarmy.ca/what-we-do/in-your-community/housing-and-shelters/
175870690,"My oldest nephew turned 19 yesterday. I can't believe how fast the time has gone since he was just a little boy. He has matured a lot in the past couple of months. He's had to with all that his family has been through. I can't believe he has one more year of being a teenager and then he will be in his twenties. Makes me feel old. I actually am starting to see him as old too. I wished him well in his birthday card and added ""old man"" as sort of a joke, but maybe not so much of a joke. He's growing up. It's crazy that my sister has a 19 year old and a three year old and three in between!"
175870691,_AT_MENTION_ Happy birthday.
175870692,"Two points. One, character traits don’t determine whether someone will make money. It depends on a whole host of factors, such as education, skillsets, mental and physical ability, and whether the person’s talents are deemed marketable by our society. Two, even if it were true, so what? People need to eat. People need a safe place to stay. People donct deserve to die of poverty bevause they have different character traits. Even the most violent criminals still have the right to food and shelter. I would gladly keep giving money to someone who never became self-sufficient before I stood idly by and watched that peraon die."
175870693,"My tooth is gonna need to extracted, I'm sure. And I dont have money."
175870694,And you know this how? They send you private messages and tell you about it? I doubt it/ And writing “lol” after each sentence like a needy teenager doesn’t put you on top of this conversation. You’re just being an arrse so I’ll ignore you from this point on/
175870695,The only problem I have with tv is myself. Why am i paying money to watch commercials?
175870696,"I am glad to hear that _AT_MENTION_ yes in the past when I had voices they made me more scared than ever before. I think I will try my best not to fear them if there is a next time to see how that affects them, if I can manage to do that, that is!!! I need to develop a belief system that is strong enough to ignore the idea of hell that they bang on about, and that they can control my body in ways I don’t want"
174322580,"I like to ask, “What’s my diagnosis?” Conversely, when I go with my gal, I ask her doctor, “What’s her diagnosis?”"
174322589,_AT_MENTION_ have you tried any nitric oxide supplements?
175870697,Good post _AT_MENTION_
175870698,"Since our last one reached 100 pages, here’s another Trying to think of what to play tonight. Probably more Stardew Valley like usual"
175870699,The new game I ordered should be here by Friday
175870700,The TV does that to me too.
175870701,"Sad, Sad is Not The Only Way. There Will, There Will Always Come a Brighter Day. People Die Yes That’s True, But That Doesn’t Have to Be True, Doesn’t Have to Be True For You!."
175870702,Try to love yourself.
175870703,"Oh, yes you can have delusions and fixations on meds."
175870704,"risperidone zoloft buspar hydroxyzine mirtazapine hydrochlorothiazide atorvastatin lisinopril supplements: fish oil, CoQ10, multivitamin"
175870705,"Yes in a few days or so I will drive, now that my license and tires will be taken care of."
174322586,I’m glad to be on it but the side effects aren’t great. Weight gain. Night drooling. Some incontinence. Regular bloodwork.
174322588,Thanks _PERSON_. I doubted the SzA diagnosis until my depressive swings went away on Abilify. Now I believe the diagnosis.
174322583,"Schizophrenia, bipolar, depression and even normal aging causes decline in cognition. But there are few supplements which can enhance existing cognition and these include Omega 3, Phosphatidylserine soy version, DMG etc."
175870706,So are you going to stop meds again? Or you learned your lesson?
174322585,Started on 10mg then they raised it to 15
175870707,I love your sketches!
175870708,"chordy hitler era is past u shouldnt feel ashame ,and not all germans liked hitler."
175870709,"_AT_MENTION_ yes, I’m on the same page as you. I will have an occasional beer, or an occasional basis, but nothing that puts me over the edge. Rather just to take the edge off"
175870710,as far as i know ull do examination every 2 years but dunno your case its what they ussualy do.
175870711,"Thanks _PERSON_. It is helpful, though as you say reactions can vary. Did you take the Zoloft for anxiety or for depression or something else? Are you taking something else in addition to the Zoloft? Did you feel any different when you increased the dose to 75 mg? I could deal better with the side effects if I knew it would work. But that seems to be a guess... Post Edited (medved) : 8/8/2019 5:17:36 PM (GMT-6)"
174322587,Download the GoodRx app. I get 90 day supply of abilify for $37.
175870712,Things in the world may be getting worse but things in your life definitely can get better
175870713,I also two times felt they could make me think differently it was not nice cos I didn’t wanna think what they were making me think. But that is a good techiniq just recognise it as not ur own thoughts ill see if I can do that if it happens again thankyou
175870714,"I had smell hallucination when I got my first episode. Everywhere I went there was a sweet-rotten smell. It was disgusting, like I was in a different dimension or something."
175870715,5A683163-A577-4FBD-B81B-F5F190B2E82A.jpeg 2224×1668 2.89 MB
175870716,Oooh yum!
175870717,"I had that too for years. Exposure helps, but what helped me the most was a grisly sense of fortitude, which made me growingly indifferent to the consequences. Sometimes cynicism pays. But what really sorted me out was developing what others call my sz. How? I honestly don’t know. Rituals can be beaten."
175870718,"Delusions can be contagious. I know it first hand. When I read about aliens, surveillance etc., I get triggered"
175870719,"It’s been about 3 months. I started up by just walking 20-30 blocks a day to the grocery. Cutting out as much fast food as possible. I’m down about 20 lbs. 210 to 190 Started using my weight bench again and doing squats and such. My forearms have gotten bigger and my biceps. It’s turning into an every day thing now, where i work out either my core, legs or arms. Cardio every day almost. 1 rest day every couple weeks where i do nothing at all. Also I do some weird face exercises that i found on youtube, theyre silly but you never know. Things are looking up at least, better then being couch locked most days. Gotta set some kinda goal"
175870720,Yes few times. But not diagnosed as psychosis. You didnt remember me aa Im sad. You blocked me on instagram remember? lol
175870721,"I have asked before, what he thinks the diagnosis is. This was last year around this time. At this time he said the symptoms I had reported previously were a little mild to really pinpoint anything. On top of that, all my symptoms had actually gone away, at the time due to meds. He just said we should monitor further… I feel like while I had made a lot of progress last year and almost fully recovered, I’ve regressed a little in the last few months. I never seem to get much out of him in terms of his analysis."
175870722,How old are you _AT_MENTION_?
175870723,There is no microchip. You really need to up your AP dose. You were doing well on the higher dose. Now your life is a bit of a misery again.
175870724,what’s the vague sense of paranoia then? breakthrough symptom?
175870725,Oh. Don’t give him what power you do have.
175870727,"That's great, I hope you get it"
175870728,"In regards to your psychosis, if I can ask which symptoms were worst that the meds helped with?"
175870729,Awesome!!! I’m glad you liked it.
175870730,"Om, Did you stop working on your agoraphobia? I find that, if I stop, I back track, lose my footing, and have to redo the work. Every day, for example, I go outside and sit for about 20 to 30 mins at a time, for desensitization. What are you doing to help yourself?"
175870731,"Hi Anxiety, I am glad you are feeling a little better. I went shopping today and got a little claustrophobic with my mask. I think I was in it too long. I couldn't wait to take it off after I got my groceries in the truck. It is just that it made me anxious and the whole trip tired me out. But I am feeling okay now. I think you are right about therapy. I think it would help. And if they dig too deep, let them know you aren't ready for that. They can work with you on other things, like coping with things now. It is hard right now all the way around. But I think you can get things under control. I haven't seen my therapist since March or April. I can't remember now. I have been doing okay so it isn't a real big deal and I know I can call her and we can video chat. I think just knowing that makes it easier. Since you felt okay today maybe that means you will feel even better tomorrow. There is always hope. Have a good night... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175870732,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175870733,i like the _NAME_ english movies. i think they pretty funny. But i also like hot shots both movies.
175870734,Here’s a cyber handshake and chest bump. cyber handshake and chest bump There that’s good Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and your quote in moon shadow recovery club was real helpful too!!
174322594,I thought about it but my parents want me to stay on 4mg Risperdal as on 3mg they said that I was irrational and my thoughts weren’t logical and didn’t make sense.
175870735,I’m reading a lot.
175870736,"We love you _AT_MENTION_ you are not crazy and you are not too far gone, there’s always hope just keep trying to get better."
175870737,"I have a rule that I have to wait 24 hours before purchasing things online. The next day I usually no longer want the item. I also ask myself this question: do I want the item or the cash? For example, if I’m going to buy an item off of Amazon that costs $50, then that’s $50 cash that I could keep in my bank account. I also try to consider an item’s expected value. By that I mean what value will this item have in 5 years? If very little, then I usually don’t buy it. Amazon (and others) try to get people to buy stuff really fast with one-click purchasing (don’t use that if you’re impulsive). They say it’s for convenience, but it’s really a tool for getting people to buy things without giving it much thought."
175870738,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I just put some screws. I only prepared the scallops. I just mixed them with sauce. I was bored from cooking after 5 min so my father cooked. I always try to look better than what I am.
175870739,Thanks!!
175870740,I use to get injection of invega. I just have 10mg Aripiprazole(Abilify) pills now.
175870741,_AT_MENTION_ Good for you!
174322596,Not sure who you are referring to that could be in a longterm mental hospital or who the liars are. Are you talking about the people in the article who gave comment on their auditory pareidolia? I don’t plan on going off meds.
175870742,Serenata is also really beautiful with the violin played as a duet! My choral student heart is full. Keep playing!!
175870743,This character reminds me about that old man in my mind. Wanted!
175870744,"Latuda 74mg. Still scared to come off meds though, I don’t think it works like that."
175870745,"Used to be for me, too. Except I don’t really tolerate feeling very full well."
175870746,"Ah ok, we call them GP’s here in the UK. I think if you can get access to the clinic in an emergency, it’s not too much of a problem to go back to PCP. If it was like it is here where it can take a long time to get back into the system, I’d say otherwise."
175870747,yea that’s ok… you’ll find right dose eventually huh. But paranoia will always be around a bit i think you have to expect. I feel ok on my meds but i still get paranoid now and then.
175870748,"December 5 2020. I am in touch via phone calls with my physciatrist. He started me on Buspar(along with my Lexipro) for depression and panic attacks.He has tried a lot of anti psychotic meds, but I have bad side effects. I’m trying to deal with the paranoia. I feel like my neighbors are working for an organization and are following me and watching me. My new therapist is filled up till April have to wait to see her. Doing a lot of praying. God helps a lot."
175870749,that is too low of a dose? I take a lot more than that…no side effects whatsoever for me. the biggest plus about my generic prolixin is no sexual side effects which risperdal is notorious for…
175870750,You should stop drinking. That is hurting your brain. Makes symptoms worse. The damage is stressing your brain out and making you project negativity on people.
174322592,"Here’s the FDA drug safety tool, it has warnings for both Abilify and Rexulti but that doesn’t mean these happen to everyone, only some like me: accessdata.fda.gov Drug Safety-related Labeling Changes (SrLC)"
175870751,_AT_MENTION_ thats good you managed to work 1.5years. Are you working at the moment. I really want to get back to work.
175870752,_AT_MENTION_ lost me after saying that I hijacked something. Jeeeezzuuuuusssss mmmmmmaaaaaaaaannnnnnnn.
175870753,Happy bday Blue_Bird!
175870754,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ Light and love to fiancé. ****ing sucks to lose a parent.
175870755,By the way In my case My sponser was my bf And he endlessly did research for me throughout this process… I have him to thank for helping me get through this… The withdrawals will make you want to kill yourself to be honest That’s why a slow taper with the right alternative medicine can be the best way…!!! Considering you got the blessing from you pdoc
175870756,Does it help symptoms at all?..My psychiatrist is a fan of B-12 and B-Complex vitamins helpingjust wondering. And sorry I don’t have a great personality…wish I was funnier on here. I am so messed up I don’t know how to connect to people.
175870757,Hey me too!
175870758,I use visiril for aggitation but i dont get it too badly
175870759,That’s awesome news!!
175870760,I want to see my pdr less but he wants me to see him every month. Sometimes I skip apts on purpose so I see him less often like in 2 months.
175870761,Is your aunt your mother’s sister?
175870762,"I’ve just had my second episode of psychosis where I was delusional for six week’s. I’ve now been back to normal mentally for six weeks, but am feeling very sedated and lacking motivation on 10mg of Olanzapine. My CPN has suggested I up my sertraline dose or Olanzapine dose. I feel like a reduction of Olanzapine to 7.5 may help me feel more normal. Considering I’ve only been stable for a while she feels this isn’t a good idea, but is willing to go with my decision. I’m just desperate to get back to normal, and am considering the reduction as I have no positive symptoms or delusions at this point. What choice would you make if you were in my position? I know there’s a risk to the reduction and it’s against advice but feel I need to make a change as can’t cope with work and life at the moment."
174322597,"Are you triggered by the post because of an ego-identity associated with being ‘good’ by following societal constructs? The answer to all those questions are obvious if you just think outside the box and use just even an ounce of creativity - not a lot is actually required. I would even argue those jobs are against morality since they don’t resolve the root issue which would abolish the need for those jobs. Teacher is probably the highest standing job, but it pays the least. And a good teacher never stops seeking to teach. But the wisest teacher is the one who understands the root issues, how to resolve them - and cares that they should be resolved. Not true. Robots will do the work. _USER_ID_: Why do you suppose the invention of things like a water wheel are remarkable and were invented in the first place? This is a small reflection of what invention is about - reducing work load/labor and making it automatic so as to enjoy individual freedom more. That’s what people are afraid of isn’t 
it? It’s because the elimination of these things would lead to people actually getting closer to their own internal issues and seek to resolve them. It would/could potentially lead to a true unification of a society that is living in alignment with its true desires instead of suppressing them as our current models do. For the sake of what? What price is worth paying for constant suffering that has no resolve? The current models that people live by are coping strategies that are centered around avoidance and disconnection. Work is one such thing they use to avoid being authentic. There are people who enjoy doing those kind of things without being paid, but they are most likely the people who already do those jobs and get paid anyway. You’re making a radical assumption that people don’t find joy in doing any of the work that gets done. Most of the creative work in the world that people enjoy happen to pay well - its a win-win. But standard jobs that people don’t like, don’t - or they tend not to. Even 
then, you can’t convince people who don’t enjoy those jobs that a paycheck makes it better if all their time they spend working gives them little time to enjoy it for themselves. That is cruelty and very close to slavery in many people’s minds. He taught this because he was wise and truly a loving being who understands people. He understands that people want freedom to be who they are and not to be strangled under conditions that cause them constant suffering. But anyway, your post comes off as extremely defensive-offensive. That is, it is defensive with a rather offensive approach to make me seem like I’m spouting naive/ignorant nonsense. It isn’t. You’re right I am intelligent and it isn’t a welcome trait in an era where people are neither wise nor do they care about the welfare of their own emotional state and the state of others."
175870763,"always my weary buddy. In my healing thoughts. Good stuff..... Keep it up, and posting. HT"
175870764,"No. You’ve been told this, a lot. You cannot SEE thoughts. They’re invisible and intangible. There’s nothing that can read thoughts, they’re electrical impulses, not actual words and pictures. As I’ve said many times, a camera inside of so nothing can’t see outside. Do you have a big hole with glass on your body?"
175870765,"Please just know what you are experiencing are hallucinations and the voices aren’t real… don’t listen to it’s commands… if you are prescribed medications from your doctor, maybe it’s better taking them… I’ve had similar experience where I was “married” to my hallucinations and delusional. It would “watch” me every moment of my life. I would listen to her commands to show my loyalty toward her, and show her how “real” I am by completing various missions she would assign me… like steal cars…break into properties and kill my self. It totally has changed the coarse of my life. Your ghost husband isn’t real… and please recognize it if it continues to tell you to do things, and be aware of it, so you won’t be in anymore trouble…"
175870766,I used to get haldol injections. I liked them better than the pills because there were fewer side effects. Going off them was really easy.
175870767,"Sometimes I can, sometimes I can’t, depending on the type of fake feeling or how my schizophrenia affects my mind. There are fake pleasant feelings that I can tell are not pleasant There are fake pleasant feelings that I can’t tell if they are pleasant or not (until a voice or inserted thought tells which one it is) There are feelings that I can tell are pleasant, but I’m told the real taste is ‘good’ not ‘pleasant’. They’ve told me food should taste ‘good’, not ‘pleasant’, and if it tastes pleasant - it’s a fake feeling. A ‘pleasant’ taste supposedly has a bad effect on my soul, while a ‘good’ taste has not. I can’t even remember how food tasted before my schizophrenia started messing with my taste. I have been told that “You’re supposed to tell the difference because you’re a god”, or “because you’re supposed to be a god”. The voice has told I should be able to “escape” or get rid of my condition (schizophrenia) because I’m a god. I’ve bee
n also told that after death I am made to believe that I’m a god, and that I’m torturing myself. The taste is not the only thing that my schizophrenia is messing with. Sometimes it applies a ‘fake intent’ feeling - it moves my body, but makes it feel like I moved my body. I could tell it when it made my body do things I wouldn’t do."
175870768,"Things feel very dull, conversations feel very dull"
175870769,"There is a couple, and I’m thinking about going to another one next time."
175870770,Yeah I was just thinking I felt this same way at the beginning of last semester but ended up doing well. It’s just my initial feeling until I get feedback.
175870771,"This really annoys me. Mine was so blatant that I was mentally ill, but I didn’t get treatment for sz until I was picked up off the street in a nearby city by an ambulance crew. I have a very poor recollection. I wish my family had got me help much sooner, but they did not know anything about MI"
174322601,There is already a lot of research happening related to genetics. What else can we do?
175870772,"never thought about it like that, you have a point."
175870773,not to mention i have no experience.
175870774,Thus Shadow. Is it Original?. The Original Ember?. The Original Spark?. The Original Flame?. I Ask.
175870775,"congrats! i just filled out applications for 3 different places today ive never had a job but i feel like i am prepared to work and got things mostly figured out now, i hope you like the job i think i would like doing something like that but i never learned to drive so i have to look at options that don’t require me to"
175870776,I made a new roll call
175870777,"I thought this thread would be about a new dessert at McDonalds: ""Hey folks, come in today and try our new ice cream dessert, the “Spooky Freeze”. Now at all participating locations."
175870778,Me sameee
175870779,Can you distract those thoughts with something entertaining
175870780,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ That’s what I thought.
175870781,I was living with my mother and have been a die hard battlefield player. I also was the first time in the military.
175870782,"Why don’t don’t you chose to play something more difficult? More complex, more beautiful."
174322605,I sleep less but I also take Rexulti and I think that effects me to some degree.
175870783,"Work and sleep, I really wish I could stay home, but in reality work keeps me going. I do like my work, get me out and keeps me in shape. lots of lifting"
175870784,Their arguements are always “well if you murder x amount of people you have to be mentally ill” I don’t know how to respond. These people that argue have already made up their minds.
175870785,"Yes, trust is not an all or nothing thing."
175870786,sorry to hear. glitches are tough. but know that they will pass. feel better soon
175870787,should be fine for sure =D
175870788,I’m such a fan of abstract art. Nice work.
175870789,"It is number 1 reason for me to get out of bed in the mornings. Also when I’m really stressed it helps to get an edge out. I also don’t spend much, I smoke rollies that cost 6 euros and lasts for me about 5 days."
175870790,I got mine back after a med change. Make sure your doctor/prescriber knows.
175870791,I'm sorry for your loss _PERSON_ I hope you're able to take time for yourself this weekend
175870792,I want to eat it a hundred times a day. I feel so good.
175870793,Good stuff _AT_MENTION_!
175870794,Thank you. I’m proud of you and rooting for you to feel better.
175870795,"I’m just calmer at home. Once I leave the house, I’m just as afraid"
174322600,If bone marrow transplant does this its interesting that blood transfusions don’t; they’ve got immune system in them too don’t they? I guess it’s not as significant because bone marrow is where immune cells are actually made I think
175870796,I’m sorry you went through that
175870797,I read my mom’s psychology books when I was eight…
175870798,I believe you hallucinated it. But you know how I feel about past things. Past is past. You have to trust in your current med results and move on. You won’t be happy until yo let go. i held on to the past for years and was angry and confused for decades. When I turned 38 I had an epiphany and let go of the past.
175870799,God bless you!
175870800,"yeah the mechanic took the restrictor off of them so they would go faster and we could get around the golf course faster. golf carts were fun. i also had to detail them and clean them at the beginning of the season, i didn’t like that part of the job."
175870801,it’s too activating for introverts
175870802,"My sister has had a fever, sore throat and a heaviness in her chest and thinks she has it."
175870803,"It is the Friday evening already, I am just alone as usual, which is okay, I am planning to ride my bicycle tomorrow, I listen to some songs on YouTube, nothing special, wrote a few journal entries, must buy a new pen soon, I suppose I am feeling ok."
175870804,Take some pics for us at the aquarium!
175870805,They aren’t much help. The guy that was handling my case would never call me back. You just have to report starting or stopping work. I didn’t turn in my pay stubs until I worked 9 months and they counted 10 and said my disability ended and we’re going to take me off. I had to call them and tell them they counted wrong and a few weeks later they reinstated me. I am in the extended period of eligibility where if I make less than SGA I still get my check but I make more than that so they stopped my benefits. But this extended period of eligibility is only 36 months. SGA is like $1350. But if you make less than like $850 it doesn’t count as a trial work month. You can make under that all you want. Those numbers are approximate. You can ask them the hard numbers when you call tomorrow. I think _AT_MENTION_ makes close to SGA every month and hasn’t been taken off. I am not sure how he does that though so the rules are sketchy. Good luck. What kind of work are you going to be doing? I work for t
he government and I am in a Union too.
175870806,Not yet today. Probably will before bed.
175870807,"That really sounds alot like what Ive been through. A part of me was in denial that Ive been far gone for a long time, at least mostly. I guess its dpdr with sza too. Its a hard way to live, i can tell you that."
175870808,"Hey, same story for you: i hope you succeed, whatever you decide, but i cant judge about the situation from behind a pc… If you withdraw, at least do it carefully, with the pdoc, and be willing to get back on if that is the better choice. I recently tried going from 0.5mg haldol to no haldol by 0.1mg decreases - tiniest reduction ever. But i had all sorts of emotions and thoughts coming back…anxiety, anger, distrust, sadness, flashbacks, nightmares, disorganisation…i wasnt pleasant to be around for a while (even i hated being around myself :)) and got back on. I still have bouts of anxiety, but i think im starting to be nicer and more organised again."
175870809,"is it ever safe to go outside, randal, or will you be fired? or go bankrupt?"
175870810,"Thanks, that’s my intention. Are you persuaded by my alternative diagnosis?"
175870811,"Hi, have you been on before? you seem familiar, hope your ok anyway, take care."
175870812,Im paid as pt extra help in my county. I believe the jobs are being expanded also. But my title is Peer Advocate
175870813,"Had some akathisia last night with the risperdal, but it wasn't nearly as bad as it was on haldol and I was able to get to sleep."
175870814,"there is a lot of misunderstanding of mental illness patients. we are often labelled as easily angry, provoked, unreasonable people. but it isn’t the case, it’s as simple as we are very rational yet very emotional. we flare up because we have been burying lots of hurts and unforgiven situations. Yet in this unforgiving world, everyone talks about love, care and concern yet it is far from what they say it is. their love is conditional and shallow, people do not understand the truest meaning of love (the correct type of love), one that should both be emotionally beside the target and yet morally and righteously correcting him with adequate love. but this world has yet to be at this stage and never will it be even though it talks a lot about it all over the world. I am emotionally deprived and tries to be logical at the same time while hoping to balance between others and my feelings."
174322611,My pdocs had me do therapy for my negs. It’s what keeps me functioning.
175870815,My divorce was stressful but relatively drama free.
175870816,Thanks for all the explanations
175870817,Awesome! ?
175870818,"I’m in Canada so I pay to see my psychologist but I don’t pay for regular doctor or psychiatrist. I have insurance benefits that pay for pretty much all my medication and most of my psychologist. I’m lucky in that way. Had I had to pay for anything all out of pocket, I probably never would have opened up to my doctor and done anything about my mental health. If I didn’t have insurance I probably never would have gone on medication or seen a psychologist. Healthcare systems are supposed to help but they help mainly the advantaged. It’s unfair. And brings me meaning aside from my mom, my sister, my dog - is learning. I have to keep myself busy. I love advancing myself and learning and keeping myself busy which is why I decided to go back to school last year. I don’t know who I would be if I couldn’t work and couldn’t learn."
175870819,I went to through hell and back with meds. I’ve got a few more weeks for perphenazine to totally kick in.
175870820,I’m grateful for: My health My income My resources I tag whoever wants to answer.
175870821,What do your voices say mine say that they are gods and hate me
175870822,"An update this morning: My depression has subsided slightly, but I can still feel emotionally worn down after the events of the last few days. I had a number of hefty palpitations last night in the ""THUD"" variety that got my attention, but I forced myself to ignore them the best I could. They didn't last as long after that even if it was hard to ignore them. I have been trying to find reassurances on the fluttering feeling on different websites. I think that was really what undermined me. I've had those before at sporadic times where it will feel like my heart is fluttering or constantly flip flopping. It generally lasts anywhere from 5-10 seconds, but Friday afternoon it felt like it did it back to back times so it was like 10-20 seconds. I am planning on calling the cardiologist in the morning and getting their opinion on the matter. Even though two doctors have given me clean bills of health, I can't help but think that these aren't going to get any better until I hear it from a cardiologist s
ince I keep on thinking the ""what ifs?"" Anything from ""What if the flutter was missed on the EKG because it wasn't happening at the time"" to ""What if I was already coming out of my palpitations when I got to the ER and so the EKG and monitor were wrong?"" All that fun stuff our brain likes to do. But as of right now I am about as relaxed as I am going to get, and went the entire day yesterday with only a few thumps and thuds. Tomorrow will be a bigger test as I want to get back out and exercise again, and that already feels like a daunting task."
175870823,What a beautiful eulogy _AT_MENTION_. I’m so sorry for your loss.
175870824,“Get in my belly ?????” remember that
175870825,Never heard anything about pineapples and meds. Its just for grapefruits.
175870826,I’m the same way. After being single for most of my twenties I don’t think I’m valuable to potential partner because I have no income and can’t provide now nor in the future. I also don’t really know how I’m supposed to afford housing for myself in my life (for my own self). I feel like I am cut off from living an ordinary life.
175870827,Very lonely. Have no one to talk to. None of my friends seem to be online or answering texts. Absoloutely desperate.
175870828,"I think it’s age too _AT_MENTION_. I don’t care if I’m pretty, slender, intelligent, or admired by men and women anymore because I used to be pretty, slender, intelligent, and admired by everyone. I had my day."
175870829,"Responses to your questions. There was no, as far as I acknowledge any sexual abuse however she was made to feel uncomfortable as a young female (she had an older sister who exhibits like tendencies in so far as temperament etc). The abuse was the result of a mean drunken father who was verbally abused to both daughters and at times physically abusive to the mother. They divorced when she was around 9 or so. The mother is cold was very demanding. She (the mother) always sought to be in charge and would usually try and speak for her, and this continued into adulthood. My wife is college educated and in calmer moments realizes something is amiss but always slips back to anger, as I stated almost inexplicably and efforts to talk are met with 'stonewalling'. Time, sometimes weeks, will help diffuse this but the consequence of not trying to engage seems to 'cement' the feeling that triggered the anger. Not trying to engage in a timely manner, seems to heighten her coldness. So does this simply reaffirm 
her sense of ""abandonment"" (subconsciously ""see I told you-you would leave!"") or is there another reason?"
175870830,I went to a parade in my town today. I wasn’t going to go at all because I feel like people are staring at me and talking about me but my therapist encouraged me to face my fear. I didn’t stay for the whole thing but endured the crowds for 45 minutes. I was proud of myself!
175870831,Genes do different things at different points in peoples lives.
175870832,"A lot of people don’t notice when others dissociate. They think “_NAME_, they sure zoned out for a while there” I think dissociation is one of those things most people aren’t trained to recognize, or else have an inaccurate view of"
175870833,I think it needs to be a healthy one. Eat lots of fruits and vegetables and less carbs. But it also shouldn’t be considered a diet if you want to keep the weight off; it needs to be a lifestyle change.
175870834,no I was polite but there were exceptions. I remember picking up cigarette butts and grinding them into my neighbors five year old brothers head. That was mean.
175870835,"B[quote=“firemonkey, post:13, topic:163914”] bought 3 boxes of 50 teabags each of Amazon at my last address. WTF I did that is anyone’s guess [/quote] _PERSON_ I bought a big jar instant coffee why I don’t know I don’t drink it"
175870836,No you don’t but I get the joke
175870837,That's good.
175870838,Not one but two sloppy joes....?
175870839,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175870840,Empathy 1555555
175870841,"Guys, it looks like most of psychiatrists, take money in order to promote/prescribe specific antipsychotics. They have sworn in college to help all patients. But they are greedy, indifferent, cruel with us. I was really taking huge doses. He understands."
175870842,Haven’t had chance yet to ask about supplements
175870843,What exactly does this supplement do for you?
175870844,Change your currency to USD ?
175870845,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175870846,"_AT_MENTION_ , maybe you can try and do some walking or exercising yourself and then see if your confidence levels change in regard to getting to the gym. I think its important not to be isolated to much, but, I do understand where you are coming from with everything. It’s a lot of stuff to juggle or handle. _AT_MENTION_ , sidetracks are good _PERSON_ is worth a watch when you can, especially if your boyfriend bought it. It’s good that you know what you don’t want to do. Don’t be discouraged if it takes you longer than some to learn things, that’s how it is and sometimes you will end up having it more fixed or understand it at a deeper level than people who appear to learn quickly. As long as you get the job done, that is the main thing. It’s hard to not compare ourselves to others, but, its not always the best idea for our mental health or well being. We are all different and have varying strengths and weaknesses… that’s what makes life and living interesting to Me. I am in financi
al services sector. It’s fairly boring and repetitive, luckily I have been doing it a good while now and its a decent company and I am well paid. I have to keep the latter in mind a lot as I am paying off a home loan I more or less fell into this role, I used to do web design when the internet was fairly new, I worked for myself and surfed a lot. I really sucked at surfing, but, kept at it and eventually got fairly decent. I could do the job, but, struggled to make ends meet… found it hard to keep the work coming in regularly."
175870847,For me it alternates between constipation and diarrhoea during flair ups. Stomach pains too.
175870848,This morning when I got in the car a spider dropped down on me. I screamed like a little girl. Got out of the car and tried to shake it out. Little creeps.
175870849,Above post - totally irrelevant post.
174322610,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175870850,_PERSON_ I went to an over eaters anonymous and that group that I went to was huge and I felt very anxious to enjoy speaking bout my problems. I didn’t go back though I may try another group at a later date
175870851,My favorite cologne is called fierce. I think _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ makes it. It smells really sweet…I really like it.
175870852,well maybe its funny and nonsensical maybe flip the coin and laugh at it my aim is to be funny sometimes
175870853,I commute to work from home. It takes me an hour to commute to work and an hour to drive back. I love to drive though. Traffic bothers me somewhat but I can drive even when im having an episode.
174322612,I used Wellbutrin for a month and then Dr stopped it as it wasnt helping my negative symptoms.
175870854,"Oh, man, cog, I just cannot ever drink. It makes my MI symptoms soooooooo much worse. Zillion times worse. I hope your evening is okay. Hugs!!"
175870855,Thank you sweet _AT_MENTION_ ! Beautiful and interesting quote.
175870856,"I feel lethargic and run down. Past 2 weeks with everything, I havent been eating well or taking care of myself or anything."
175870857,It’s around 1000 to 1200 calories
175870858,"Sorry for the late reply. I will see him like 2 months later, and there are no early appts. So I’m screwed."
175870859,"What will you do when your parents pass on? That’s the only thing you need to think about and be prepared for. It’s great that you have them now, just plan ahead for when you don’t. If my husband passes before me, I’ll most likely go to a group home. I won’t want to, but I won’t be able to afford to live on my own."
175870860,Yes of course. The bugs must be annoying
175870861,"Not complaining, just want to know the reason, thanks"
174322618,"many things, screwed that I couldn’t stop forced speech, and couldn’t manage raising two kids, and then qualifying for SSDI. I’ve never written word salad, never had less ambition than anyone I just had to admit, I’m not right, and who doesn’t that include?"
175870862,"not bad, maybe sell it and get some money lol"
175870863,That sounds terrible! What a bummer.
174322623,The concentration and motivation loss might be a symptom of your schizophrenia I am sorry to say Got to wait for medicine to treat negative symptoms like sep 363856 to come out
175870864,_NAME_ wrote a song called “What is Life.”
175870865,My mood is so weird lately.
175870866,? just wonder if life is fair or not. What is your opinion about.?
175870867,At work.. It's slow so there's nothing to do. The business I'd dying. All small businesses are dying D;
175870868,"As a sex worker, I say just stay out of her business. You shouldn’t be disappointed in her at the very least. Concern is fine but like try not to shame her for it."
175870869,I don’t think we are in any danger of having a civil war.
175870870,I will try do do some daily walking at some point. I’m not really in the mood for it atm.
175870871,"People hearing I am saying bad things to them, but it is someone else.I still can hear these people. They make me sound like a terrible person. I don’t know why they won’t leave me alone. I may not be right but feel like people hate me and try to make me saying perverted or racist things. I hope they will leave me alone. One person yelled out I was disgusting but I am not. These thoughts are not mine."
175870872,"My last episode was me hearing that the I am under investigation by the FBI and they need pictures for my profile, that I am a criminal and I am illegal here… etc…"
175870873,What were your intrusive thoughts like? How long did you take it to find relief?
175870874,So he’s spending the night at the animal hospital. There’s a 5 hour wait time. The vet tech got right in my face so I wasnt able to social distance so now I’m worried I’ve infected her even if she was a ????? and I’m just really overwhelmed right now
175870875,"Good luck with the Depakote, I’ve been on Depakote for years and it’s an excellent anticonvulsant mood stabilizer. The only thing with Depakote is it causes major weight gain over the 1000mg dose mark. It mainly causes weight gain by increasing your appetite. It also causes sedation especially over 1000mg. I’m drained on Depakote but it’s the only medication that controls my rapid mood shifts. It’s an excellent med against mania and depression. It’s especially effective against mixed states."
175870876,"I think once I die, tolerance and every other character trait would pretty much be moot."
175870877,"You soon find out who your real mates are when you tell them your _PERSON_ had a few encounters over the years, like some woman sniggering in the corner shop mumbling im a nutter - and then trys to bully me for money. They always wrongly assume im thick. Frankly alot of them are jealous cos im on a decent benefits payout, and my rents covered, and they dont like that fact ive probably got more money to spare than they have. Yeah sure - you can have my money - but you have my bloody disablity thats goes with it, and see how you cope."
175870878,"I wasn’t on depot, I took the pills. It’s not exactly akathisia but I guess it’s similar. Here is an article on it: https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/restless-legs-syndrome/symptoms-causes/syc-20377168#:~:text=Restless%20legs%20syndrome%20(RLS)%20is,eases%20the%20unpleasant%20feeling%20temporarily."
174322615,Novel are those classic anti psychotics like haldol or fluanxol? or atypicals? im confused I googled it but no clue further
174322609,"No psychosis, no weight gain, helps with anxiety a bit, helps to fall asleep and doesn’t give you medicine head."
175870879,Interesting take. I hope to a higher god that I don’t have regrets when it’s said and done but I live a life of caution. Gone are the days of seizing life… for once I’d like to flirt with someone easy on the eyes. Where’s _AT_MENTION_? Any pointers?
175870880,"Same sideffects, but if its a good med, i dont know what to think."
175870881,"I don’t understand, pls explain"
175870882,Ii think my “sins” were covering some harsh realities that now stare me in the face. This is what is making it difficult.
175870883,I hear you. I have the same problem.
175870884,me2 haha 151515
175870885,_AT_MENTION_ The day to day can be hard!
175870886,Thanks for the response!!! Yeah I’ve heard no matter what you kinda always crave them…
175870887,Speaking from the other end; they actually take this stuff seriously. I had a restraining order put against me because I did the same thing. I’m not going into details.
174322613,"Great. Doing working with DMG is so nice, you can do more reps as DMG supplies more oxygen to muscles cells."
175870888,Oh yeah! I forgot. Great job!!!
175870889,Interesting theory.
175870890,I view them as a necessary evil.
175870891,"I’ll talk to you, and I’ll listen"
175870892,Amazing! Will you be changing your name to _PERSON_ now?
174322616,Did a doctor tell you that? Is it from schizophrenia? You’re a member of one of the first generations of schizophrenics to consistently reach old age. No one knows what happens now.
175870893,I’m having trouble thinking clearly now. It’s hard to follow things and it’s hard to comprehend. I didn’t used to be like that at all
175870894,_AT_MENTION_ thanks
175870895,"I exercise everyday, _AT_MENTION_. Jogging (or walking) and yoga."
175870896,_PERSON_ pet detective and big daddy . I love them but not sure if they are my absolute favourite but they come to mind now anyway.
175870897,"i think due to my sz, ive become quite withdrawn and am persecuted by this illness…it takes up all my time and is very draining how do you becoming caring…i used to always beleive i was caring but voices in my head give me grief in that regard, telling me im not as pure as others… anyway i do want to grow in that regard…i want to be a caring individual…id like to work in the caring profession, how does one shape character in that regard?"
175870898,"I'm not being careless about the coronavirus. I'm doing what I can to be responsible and stay healthy. However, I'm not being overly-worried about it either. Part of why I'm not super-worried is because I haven't had any symptoms of the coronavirus or the flu, or at least not yet. But if I do start getting symptoms, I will get more worried, although I don't think I'll go into a panic either."
175870899,"A diabetic must watch all sugar intake, even fruit. My husband just had a meeting with a nutritionist. All sugar counts with diabetes. But non diabetic people do not need to worry about fruit."
175870900,"I feel like I took ketamine from the exercise and I swear that I didn't. Take this advice from me because I've tried ketamine. It's almost a relaxation from my thoughts, feelings, etc.. It's just an ""aaahhh"" feeling.. Relaxing.. I'm learning life as I go along.. Just taking a while.. Things will be ok.. I feel a little sad.. But happy too.. Just a little scared of covid ect.."
175870901,It’s a small two bedroom apartment. I probably wouldn’t like it much either if I got up every morning and had the housemate sleeping in until 10:00 am on the living room couch.
175870902,Outstanding!!!151515
175870903,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175870904,"And I agree with the “Heightened State of Awareness”, EarthChild. For me it’s around things - a person’s facial expression that is intended to impress altered meaning (through sub-text) upon the literal thing being said. Or an abstract concept, like - “Power/Control”, ""The Principle of Reciprocity. And I over-analyse the concepts or things. Sometimes just enough to uncover real meaning. But sometimes just a little too far and that meaning is distorted."
175870905,I actually saw boysenberry jam when I was shopping with the bf...I should have bought it then but separate checks is a pain. Anyway I used to love boysenberry syrup at this pancake house we went to when I was a kid. I’m hoping I can find the jam and it will be just as good. I think this place was like an ihop knockoff lol.
175870906,"I take Invega 234 every 4 weeks, daily I take tramadol, and pills for my autoimmune disorders."
175870907,"I believe that there's no such thing as the grandfather paradox. It's possible but I think you just go to a new timeline because of the ""paradox paradox"" - Like we're doing right now, going in the same timeline together. We're creators of our own realities. I've been feeling kind of atheistic lately though. I think it's the olanzepine. I'll stay in this state for a few years then trip again - Maybe dmt.. Once I've gotten over this 24 years old confused state after skipping the tutorial for life and just playing the game. I have nothing to say today. Just letting you guys know that I'm ok - Just drifting.."
175870908,Ridiculous how mother was in such a hurry for her children to grow up. I was barely walking and she had me toilet trained.
175870909,I had memory issues when I was psychotic. As a matter of fact I thought I was being poisoned and it was an attack on/affected my mind.
175870910,"We aren't medical professionals on this Forum, but I don't believe you taking cannabis a year ago has effected your heart - as I'm sure you discussed with your doctors. Your cardiologist has given you a clean bill of health, so I wouldn't stress over it. Per the Cleveland Clinic, a normal resting heart rate is between 60 - 100 bpm, so you are right within the normal range. You probably don't realize how much you are thinking about it, as it's evident to me from your post. To say that you don't know how much longer you can go on like this is not helping your situation. My suggestion would be to seek a second opinion from another cardiologist, for some peace of mind. _NAME_"
175870911,"Hi _PERSON_, I would love to do that...but, she never threatens any harm to herself or others. I slmost wish she would so Icould do that! It’s beyond frustrating!"
175870912,I was so delusional and no one was kind about it. I had no common sense about the work a day world. I did not believe in myself and thought that I’d muddle through life somehow. I was miserable. No wonder the psychotic breakdown seemed like a relief.
175870913,I justs picked up my ambien. Let's see if this drug works at all...
175870914,If no Dexedrine then I will make my own 5mg Desoxyn pills (Don't quote me on that mods it's just a joke..)
175870915,"Of the 17 patients with schizophrenia, 12 had Bartonella DNA in their blood, as compared to only one of 13 in the control group. So not everybody in the (small) group but still, that’s super interesting. I wonder if it is liklier for people with schizophrenia to be unable to completely fight off the disease than people without sz. “What we’re starting to see is a pattern – Bartonella can persist for a long time. And for the subset of people who can’t eliminate the infection, the bacteria can cause chronic or progressive illness.” It’s certainly never good for your general or brain health to have a long term infection, or a deficiency."
175870916,Move to medications
175870917,"Not really. Im bad right now. My hubby is off this week so we will run a few errands. I mostly go out when I feel forced or pushed. Like to shop for some groceries or essential errand or mom stuff or give a ride or an appointment. I’m setting a bad example for my kids because I am inside or sitting a lot but at the same time I don’t really care about anything, secretly deep down. My nurse wants me to walk with my husband every day, that will motivate me. He said he wants to. It’s an awful feeling. It’s hard. But you will get through this. Be kind to yourself. Do something, anything nice for yourself. I keep reading tips for motivation on here and ask for help and that gives me hope. Some people figure it out somewhat eventually."
175870918,"That’s not a low dose, it could be because it’s a new med and you have to get used to it. Maybe you can talk to your doctor."
175870919,To paraphrase _NAME_… “Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.”
175870920,"I see 5’s everywhere, but 5 is my favorite number, so it doesn’t bother me too much. I’m sorry your situation is bothering you."
175870921,"I don't know how to explain my feelings... oh god it's awful... I can feel every word you say... you know, it's so difficult for me just to ignore him. I now have to live with him, and it's killing me. Today at lunch, he told me that nothing related to me is important to him. even my health. I couldn't reply to anything and just cried. It's about 4 hours that I'm crying because ""my father doesn't love me"" ""my father doesn't want me"" ""I'm not as good as my sister, so he doesn't love me as much as he loves her"" ... the only thing I wanted from him was just a touch of love... but you know, the result is that I just wanna die."
175870922,"hi all im new here, usually post on schizophrenics.com. what sort of topics are popular here"
175870923,"No, if I had money, I would probably still be low maintenance."
175870924,"I was dx’d at 14 and kept my intelligence. I made the merit role probably at least 3x before HS and one of those was after DX. In fact, I scored very very high in cognitive ability on the Iowa tests. If you scored a 50 you were equal or better than 50% of the country. If it was 60 you were equal or better than 60% of the country. I scored in the 70’s. Admittedly my teacher was furious with me when I got burned out and started putting random answers down. She forced me to focus and redo part of it."
175870925,way to go _AT_MENTION_ you’re doing great!
175870926,Sending you massive props again for this – you’ve done a rare and wonderful thing.
175870927,I relate with you…
175870928,Its a cheap knock-off of sega consoles that were brought to my country from china. You could play contra or super _NAME_ and other games
175870929,"Hmm? I Honestly Wouldn’t Know, I Never Been As Of Witness To A Thank You Card. . . Not Why I Do What I Do. . . But, Seeing You Ask The Question About Whether Or Not “it counts”, Seems Strange. . . . . . ."
174322626,I also live with and rely on my parents. I have severe negative symptoms.
175870930,I wish you best of luck with it. I hope you can find some peace
175870931,"I have. The hospital I went to for weight loss put me on it. The first two weeks are hunger He**, but after that it’s ok. But when you start real food you gain the weight right back"
175870932,"I sometimes get tactiles of flowing air on my skin, like someone in bed behind me is breathing on me. It’s very uncomfortable. And It’s actually one of the reasons I don’t like sharing a bed with others, my skin is very sensitive, and the repetitive motion of exhaling on my skin in their sleep can make me want to kick them out from the discomfort, although I know they can’t help it."
175870933,"I am not happy at my presz self who was successful as I can’t be him anymore. I feel like I have 2 personalities, the successful one (b4 sz) and the failure one (now). Is that why sz is still called split personality/mind in some countries?"
175870934,"Do you taking any medication to cause paranoia in first place? Drugs like Strattera, Wellbutrin etc can bring these as it affect the norepinephrine which induce needless anxiety."
175870935,Avoid stress and know your limitations.
175870936,Hey congrats!! That’s huge
175870937,"I’ve found that of the many threads that have been made over the years which are identical to yours, other forum members will near-unanimously agree if you have more than one psychotic episode, you’ll likely need them for life. Sorry to be a _NAME_. Wish I could give you better news, I really do."
175870938,Hey Happy birthday to you! Have a chat to your doctor. A good shrink will have a handle on things. It’s not an exact science. It really isn’t but it’s good your up on what you think you need. Being proactive in your health choices with sz is really very good. Hang in there. Chat to your shrink and hope you have/had a good birthday.
175870939,I'm sorry your ex stepdad was like that towards you. My dad locked me and my siblings up in a room... days on end. Sometimes all week or two without having food and such. I actually remember being locked in a room with old food and pop cans laying around with cigarettes and ashes in them. I drank it because of how hungry I was.
175870940,Working on my diamond painting.......
174322631,Paragraphs are good.
175870941,"Hope you're well bb! And everyone else too! Just signed fiance up for college. I forgot I didnt even do that. But anyway. My mouth is so so so dry. Idk why. Idk if it's the increase in my zoloft. It has to be, because that's the only med change i had. Well that, and taking the gabapentin once a day rather than as needed. I think im gonna work on my book today or tomorrow. I havent worked on it in 3 months. And I'll put some stuff on my Christmas list."
175870942,"_AT_MENTION_-spray My doctor put me on it long-term, but I’ve also heard it’s short-term only."
175870943,Better to have lungs checked than one’s prostate. Hope you get the all clear!
174322633,"I am 27 years old and have had schizophrenia for as long as i can remeber, but was not formerly diagnosed until a little over a year ago due to fear of reaching out for help. i was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder along with PTSD that was diagnosed about 7 years ago. i was told at the psych hospital that it was not possible to live with this illness without the help of medication, and was given antipsychotics. i was allowed to leave the hospital with the promise that i would take the meds, and i did. i tried for about 7 months different combinations and dosages and different meds but nothing worked, it not only made my head super foggy, but it didnt help my symptoms in any way. i felt like i completely lost control over my brain and my emotions and became suicidal. every time i brought up wanting to try and manage my condition without meds i was told it wasnt really a possibility, but i was determined to get better, so i spoke again to my team and asked if i could try it and if things starte
d to go south i would take the meds again. after about 3 days off the meds i started to notice that i was feeling slightly better. the more time off the meds the more confident i was that i could manage my symptoms with the help of my family. i spoke to my counselor again about any kind of therapy specifically for psychosis, and she and i met with a new counselor to begin my psychotherapy, thats when i really started to notice a change in my life. its been about 8 months of psychotherapy and it has helped me so much in my recovery. i know a few others in my life that i have connected with schizophrenia but i want to know if there are others like me who manage without the meds. when i tell people i dont take meds, they jump right to the conclusion that im either completely fine or have very light symptoms, but this is not the case, i have constant chaos in my head, voices that are never quiet, visual hallucinations in my peripherals, as well as paranoia and delusions. i function very well when i am comfortable 
in my home environment and as long as i am never alone, i rely on people i trust to tell me if what i see or hear or feel is real or not. i think having to deal with it for my entire life is a huge reason im able to live with my symptoms, and the psychoeducation from my psychotherapy has really taken away a lot of my fears about my illness and created some pretty strong and reliable coping mechanisms. i write every day in my journal as well as on some other topics, i have different therapies 3 times a week and generally keep the same schedule to make self care easier. i just want to know if there is anyone else out there who manages without medication ?"
175870944,"I am now smarter than I ever was before, I have no problems with cognition."
175870945,i used to struggle a lot with taking my medicine every night. i flushed most of my pills down the toilet. my therapist would call me every night and talk to me while i took them. eventually i got put on an injection. i wouldnt want to be on an injection again.
174322634,yeah maybe it’s best i just stay on my current med. will still ask my pdoc about it in december and see what he says.
175870946,"Good job, _AT_MENTION_!"
175870947,The dog ate her?? The dog ate my homework each night.
175870948,I still can’t imagine that some people don’t hear voices. Maybe they can deal with it in a better way and keep quiet about it.
175870949,Same here. Where it normally happens is during family gatherings but we haven’t had one for a long time because of covid restrictions.
175870950,I updated the post for you.. maybe it could help . The point is that it can be anything you want with brain training.. that's why antipsychotics work.. because the brain adapts. Sometimes the brain builds tolerance to the med.. specific meds can help long term for only specific people after not using them anymore
175870951,"Many people like season 4, they say it's the best. I am watching it right now, I like it, but my favorite one is the first honestly. Maybe I would like the book too."
175870952,Thankyou. I am going to request a med change.
175870953,"_AT_MENTION_ Since at least _PERSON_ of _NAME_ Jewish scholars have tended to interpret _NAME_ allegoricaly, not literally. Already _NAME_ was doing the same for Christianity. Obviously they didn’t discuss evolution but their hermeneutic breakthrough still stands for the great majority of Jews and Christians."
175870954,_NAME_ - I think that’s one of the challenges with SSRIs; what works for one person might not work at all - or might even be a negative - for someone else. And the psychiatrists seem to be left with pretty much guessing what might work for an individual. I think the Zoloft may be doing me some good. But it’s hard to tell because I don’t know what I would feel like without it. I’m also doing therapy and maybe that’s helping. Hard to tell. I do feel like I’m making progress. But it’s frustratingly slow.
175870955,No health store near me carries it. It is a very niche supplement.
175870956,Being a vampire is cheating.
175870957,"We were slammed the whole day. I worked with the manager who says she doesn’t like training. She just tells you if you’re doing it wrong. So she would only tell me when I got it wrong, and did it in a rude voice in front of customers. Plus, we were inspected today which added more stress since I not really trained yet. I absolutely hate this job!"
175870958,"I have been on both, and I prefer Zoloft. Prozac made my anxiety bad even when taking Klonopin, and Zoloft didn’t. Both worked on my depression. (I am now on Lexapro)."
175870959,Now look forward to never ending debt to _NAME_ for all the renovations and upgrades lol
175870960,"But aren’t positive symptoms and paranoia worse? For me they are. Maybe ask your Dr to reduce your dosage, you will have more energy and maybe not have positive symptoms or paranoia."
175870961,"I got my shot 3hrs ago and I can’t think, my arm hurts really bad. I can’t even stand up with it hurting. I’m trying to sleep but I keep hallucinating. I was at the grocery store and hallucinated all white on the bottom of my boyfriend hand. Like white paint on it. Should I have an energy drink to get rid of these sypmtons brought on by the shot?"
175870962,I feel you. I probably seemed like a whacko myself the first time I was in there lol
175870963,"Guys, I need to stress the fact that I don’t want to have sex and probably I won’t have soon, but, but, I wanna be capable of having sex. Imagine the case that I am making out with a woman, and she wants to proceed to sex. If I won’t be capable, I would be embarrassed"
175870964,"No, you’re fine. Yes, sex is a bit painful for me too. I’ve had so many, I can’t count. I’m on birth control for them."
175870965,I think you’re underestimating yourself that’s really good!
174322639,"Hell, I win all the time. It’s just that CNN refuses to cover the story. When I count victories, I include making people laugh or being nice to people or just plain getting along with people. To clarify, I’m not saying I get points for being nice to people or just do it to get something out of it. I just think that after having this disease for four decades and still being told occasionally that I’m a nice person is, to me, simply amazing. But I do enjoy holding my own or at least putting up a fight against the occasional punk who wants something for nothing and thinks I’m his/her stepping stone to get what they want. I can’t win 'em all. But I win some."
175870966,"I thought once there was a grand conspiracy of everyone being psychic, but the freemasons didn’t allow it to be public knowledge, but all these musical artists were trying to get you to work it out on your own. Used to spend hours listening to the same song over and over again, listening very carefully to the lyrics and getting angrier all the time until I flipped my lid, and went into full blown psychosis"
174322632,"Hi _NAME_, I’ve been cycling the same as you. Went 4 days no sleep ended up in hospital twice in 2 weeks. On Invega shot 156mg monthly not working as well as I’d hoped. Hope you can get settled with your meds."
175870968,I’m just giving up forever. I hate who I am. No redeeming qualities. I’m tired of being a fuk up all the time. I give up. Flip me over…I’m done.
175870969,"should i be paranoid, do think my case sounds too suspicious why so many disputes."
175870970,I’ve told you this before so I don’t know why I’m replying to this again but …one last time: You do not have to have hallucinations to be psychotic. Delusions and paronoia are enough
175870971,That’s only when I am without meds.
175870972,Amazing. Call it fields of bliss or something.
175870973,"_NAME_ brings up a good point with medication. Proper medication and dose helps take them away. If it was really the divine the pills wouldn’t effect me like they do. It’s taken me almost two years to narrow down proper medication, but it’s worth it. It’s eased my mind and taken away a good portion of the symptoms"
175870974,I posted about space 2 or 3 times. Because I can’t get none. But I walked into work yesterday and no one was in the janitors office or the gym or the locker room. Our little office is in the back of the whole building and the gym is next to us. But for the first time since I can remember I was alone and nothing was happening and nobody around to bug me and it was like a huge weight off my shoulders. It was huge relief. I need that more so badly. Another thing I need to change is to get the focus (or perceived focus) off of me. I’m not the center of the universe but I do feel too much pressure on me sometimes and when I’m in public I think it happens often that I feel looked at by too many people. My theory is that people take the pressure off themselves by focusing it on someone else. It’s only occasionally. Or is it?
175870975,"I dont think that other symptoms get talked about enough. People tend to focus on voices since they are exciting to the media, but its only one of a sz issues."
175870976,HuffPost – 7 Jan 20 Trump Administration Quietly Goes After Disability Benefits A proposed regulation would add a new layer of scrutiny to disability claims.
175870977,"Reading “When Panic Attacks” by pdoc Dr _NAME_ and he is pretty revolutionary saying anxiety disorders are inventions. That although anxiety and depression are real, the names of diagnoses are just illusions. And that even though sz and bipolar are caused by brain imbalances, for the most part the labels are arbitrary as well. And meds are also an illusion and placebos have the same effect as antidepressant meds etc. My husband agrees with all he’s saying. Says I don’t need meds it’s all psychological. So it got me thinking - maybe there’s nothing such as sz or sza. I’ve been living a lie and if I just think positive then I won’t need meds or get ill. After all, I came off meds in 2007-2012 so why not again? I’m presently on half my dose of amisulpride and olanzapine and things ok so far. Want to learn CBT and that can help in place of meds."
175870978,I’m back on the broccoli sprout bandwagon. I’m taking 1 pill instead of 2 with my beta alanine. It takes the edge off the distress I sometimes feel and I’m not getting any pressure on my chest from just the 1 pill.
175870979,150mg didn’t work for me. I take 300mg a day Max dose is 600mg. Might be worth trying an increase - it worked for me for the most part
175870980,Im asian… 151515
175870981,definitely look then you need a doc on call who can help
175870982,"I don’t know. I have no idea. They talk in one voice, simultaneously."
175870983,"Possible trigger: I got my Covid test done today on my lunch break It wasn't as bad as I thought. I am expecting a negative result but since two people at work have it, I am just wanting to be sure."
175870984,Arm i think? Fifteen
174322630,"I was wanting to try a nootropic and I just found out Sarcosine is a nootropic. Helps with brain health and is a adjunctive therapy for schizophrenia. But the Sarcosine made me hypo, almost manic, when I tried it. I may try it again tho. I still have some from last year."
175870985,"I want to get one sometime, I think _PERSON_ got one recently and she likes it"
174322640,"i have had dizziness with invega and abilify, now im on month 2 with abilify maintena i mostly notice an anti depressant effect and akathisia, maybe you should try injection cause now i didnt take pills i dont have dizziness"
175870986,"What is the goal that the genetic searches should aim to discover the actual cause responsible for all forms of changes,disorders and symptoms of sz ? In other words,what is the thing that issues the directives (operating orders) that are translated into all forms of changes and that create the disorder in the existing system (bio / psy) and ultimately lead to the symptoms that the individual suffers from or diagnosed by the Dr. ? Does the current searches for anatomical mutation , genetic or about abnormal chemistry and take any one of them as a cause for sz or its symptoms will be beneficial ? The false belief that ,there are quantitative / qualitatively anomalous chemicals (transmitters )that are excreted through operating orders issued by an endogenous factor (gene (s) ) that translated into forms of change/ disorder and symptoms ,while in the actual reality the functions of the brain cells carry out an parasitical operating orders of an external factor (psychic parasite) that it is not a natur
al part of the human genetic material itself !! How can the genetic searches discover the present of the external factor (psychic parasite) and make sure beyond a reasonable doubt that it is the final responsible (circus player /clown) who presents the comic symptoms of the health condition be called SZ ? What we say is a challenge to the too much of the scientific theories !"
175870987,Yes I am _AT_MENTION_ It’s a little better today but I still feel tired.
175870988,I would choose Jesus.
175870989,"Yeah it’s a gas station; I work there Friday and Saturday nights. i still teach at the community college, too. The gas station stresses me out terribly, though."
175870990,All done Thought I’d add a mask whilst I was at it!
175870991,Yeah I hope it works out.
175870992,"I had some type of pedophile experience with mothers uncle.It was not traumatic at that point,but as I told my mother what he did,she looked at me like it was my guilt. Years from that,I’ve been bullied in primary,and later it escalated as bad behavior towards both my family and my partners.I searched forgiveness of many of them years later.I felt glad that almost all gave up of my guilt and get normally through their lives.Don’t resend your self.You have MI and you are therefore no in possibility to judge hard on your self.You have problems that would last,and it’s enough for you."
175870993,"Covid, 50% off. _PERSON_ stay home and make my own for less than 25% of restaurant prices."
175870994,"I call myself biromantic (or panromantic to be exact) because I have romantic feelings for all genders, but sexual feelings to none"
175870995,Has anyone heard from Falcon? Just wondering if they’re okay
175870996,I spend a lot of money on cigarettes and energy drinks almost as much as the monthly food shopping
174322644,"I think if you have support from secondary mental health services its much easier to be awarded disability benefits. I’ve never had any trouble claiming ESA or PIP. Its always gone smoothly and I’ve only been called to a medical once, all the rest where paper based. I have chronic schizoaffective disorder and live in supported housing. The two people I live with who have Aspergers and mild learning disabilities who are quite independent were also successful in their PIP claims too, all because they live in supported housing too."
175870997,"My art has not really got worse since my sz. Have you tried recently? Maybe you could give it a go, normally it is a thing you either have or you don’t. You could still make some interesting stuff."
175870998,"Hang in there, _AT_MENTION_ sometimes people got unfriendly in attitude just because of their own problems. Ignore them and look at the bright side of the moon. {{{hugs}}}"
175870999,people would be better off with less stuff. good for you!
175871000,It’s both hilarious and depressing.
175871001,Is it worse now that you’re sober from drugs? Could be you’re swapping one addiction for another. I’ve heard that can happen. Covenant Eyes (a website) may be able to help.
175871002,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871003,I have a psychiatrist I talk to over the phone every couple of months and four mental health workers who visit me every week.
175871004,Medication cured it.
175871005,"Right?! Your poems are so on-point, _AT_MENTION_. You’re able to simplify the most complex. That’s a gift."
175871006,"Let me know if you want some music, I’ll send you some."
175871007,You must have really needed the extra rest last night. Hopefully you’ll be back on track now
175871008,"_NAME_, I started to write down everything I was hearing. Then later, I’d consider it carefully. If I was being told I was “selected” I asked myself, “Why me?” In my case, “ego” cheered on the idea that I was “worthy,” but logic won out. I am not “the most terrible person ever born,” and I am not, “gifted.” I am someone who went through a lot of agony in a short time, which left me vulnerable. I would challenge anyone who would say, “Not me. I wouldn’t have believed a powerful, commanding voice.” I started to observe the words without emotion. I no longer cowered. I no longer shed tears of pride. And over time, things clicked. That voice is a bully. All bullies are desperate for power because they are weak. But it doesn’t waste its time on a losing battle. <3"
175871009,I’m making my Pinterest. More fun than I thought.
175871010,The drs don’t know how I got brain lesions. I even went to the Cleveland Clinic and they didn’t know either
175871011,Conscious energy in everything in the universe. So when we die and decay down to the smallest things we become part of that consciousness energy of the whole universe. I wonder how that would feel. I used to get scared that we’d feel everything including in torture zones but maybe that consciousness is in a whole different dimension. Maybe it’s a nice heaven for everyone in the last days. Maybe the death is simply the end since our brains rot and our organs rot What do you believe happens when we die and what is your reasoning behind it?
175871012,i want in thr foster home tho
175871013,Yes it felt like something was putting pressure on my assshole
175871014,will i end up in jail or forced meds bc of the threat ?
175871015,Caffeine stimulates the appetite. So… I just know that not that I try to not eat a lot.
174322645,Can’t find mister squirrel but I know he said he doesn’t like watching Vloggers on Schizophrenia bc he has his own schizophrenia. And I’m not well versed in this website but I think it was antidepressant who said he/she would like to know the psychological makeup of various bloggers.
175871016,Yes I think so.
175871017,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871018,you have to try at least… just tell them and make them take it serious.
175871019,"214lbs on my weight in today, down another few pounds this week. Getting a treadmill soon, so I can walk without paranoia. Exercise is the one piece I lack"
175871020,Mine is in april
175871021,Do you have a passion in life? Like for me it’s languages.
175871022,Got any tips? Already ordered substrate and the plants
175871023,"I think I have developed high levels of stress due to glutamate because my ap olanzapine works as a gaba antagonist which possibly blocks the conversion of glutamate to gaba. I have high levels of stress constantly which is only allieviated by gaba agonists and modulators like licorice and lavender and also alcohol. I am going to try other herbs like valerian and passiflora, but not for sleep as they clash with ap, but maybe they can do me some good if I take them in the morning."
175871024,"_AT_MENTION_ I am in the same boat. I feel disgusting. We can get it clean, but have to break through this rut. Want to be my cleaning buddy? We can cheer each other on."
175871025,That’s very rare. But then I got sick at 38 which is rare also. It happens.
174322646,"Metro – 26 Feb 20 I have schizophrenia and hear voices - but don't define me by my illness People have preconceptions about who I am and there have been occasions where I’ve experienced discrimination, _USER_ID_ and prejudice."
175871026,"Uhm…guys? I need a smartphone. And im terrified of fingerprintscanners somehow. It feeds my paranoia. If i buy a new phone with this option, does it automatically have this fingerprintscanner on? Or can i use it without? I know it is a stupid question in all sorts of ways, but uhm…help would be appreciated so i can buy a telephone. I never bought a smartphone before…"
175871027,i want social relationships but i struggle with them too. and to be honest i think a lot of people might not be the best friends to have anyways. But being social i do wish i did more of it. You probably do more socializing _NAME_ than i do. but i want to improve on it. The website and being around you guys helps me to want meet more people.
175871028,There’s not much they can do for an adult diagnosed with Autism. There are no specific meds to treat Autism.
175871029,"Yeah, no, that’s not good. I thought that was a good idea til I stopped and relapsed."
175871030,_PERSON_ i struggle big time with guilt. Wish i had the remedy!!!
175871031,If you look you will see it. If you listen you will hear. Just relax and live a happy life. Think happy thoughts. It’s an effort yes.
175871032,Camping where?
175871033,"as God made me, I’m a natural beauty, as we all are. jk I’m too depressed to fix myself up. But I just bought some eye shadow (dark pink), some blush (natural) and some mascara, with the intension of doing myself up one of these days for a little pick me up. I’ll do a selfie if it comes out any good so y’all can see."
175871034,Yes. My husband did a lot of research on ones for pain and for anxiety for me and unfortunately it didn’t help me. I was pretty disappointed because I heard so many good things about it! Glad it worked for you though that’s awesome I’m glad to hear that new things are helping people.
175871035,I like uppers...
175871036,It restored four inches to my pee pee after the Invega depot shriveled it.
175871037,"Yes that’s what I am working on right now, slowing down…rest and recovery…but I have to remind myself I can be a friend, but i am not responsible for anyone else’s happiness. I have never understood why people get jealous of me. Jealous of my strength, being strong is overcoming the most impossible obstacles. Strength is life or death. We have to respect each other."
175871038,"I am glad I am alive after all these years, even after living in my Mazda 626 in America."
175871039,"I wanted to stock up on ice cream from the sale because they had a few kinds I love, but they didn't have the chocolate chip cookie dough one left since it's the last day of the weekly sale so I got stargazer (the milky way one)"
175871040,I can’t wait till the vet starts taking appointments again so my sister can get her cats vaccines updated so she can come live with me as my emotional support animal (have a letter from my doctor). Her name is _NAME_
175871041,"I’ve gained 80 lbs from aps, can’t stop eating sugary foods, gonna die"
175871042,The main problem I have is that when I sleep too much I wake up feeling depressed. Today I woke up a little earlier and didn’t feel depressed and my mood was fine. I have to force myself to wake up early. I didn’t sleep good last night anyway and kept waking up over and over again. So I have to force myself to get up after sleeping for atleast 9 hours the max. I’ll talk to my psychiatrist about trying something else. Wellbutrin doesn’t make me crazy or anything it’s just keeps my mind racing a lot that’s the only reason I went with a lowered dose.
175871043,Try not to panic SP. You are probably okay. Just watch for any symptoms of flu or fever. HUGS Kit
175871044,You should atleast try otherwise you’ll never know.
175871045,Why are you getting off your meds instead of adjusting them? Won’t you relapse?
175871046,"Thanks for that Junk, that actually helps me identify feellings because I do have a hard time with that."
175871047,"not so much as guilt, more like I just did not need it in my life and the feelings it brings. decades ago I quit for a year, then would be more social with it after that. Still got a few hangovers, then said nope and quit, no desire for it now"
175871048,I keep asking for a blanket but a blanket never comes. I'm due to ask again. Almost 9pm. My headphones are charged. My tv works!!!!!!!!! I'm so glad! I have to figure out how to pair the tv with my headphones and then it doesn't matter that she's on the phone 24/7 and her tv is on audibly too. My mom called me and she doesn't use her hearing aid. And she expects me to shout answers to questions about my roommate.
175871049,"I think the thing is no one ‘wants’ to get their tooth taken out, it is just something you have to do. I had to get two teeth taken out my self when I got braces. Good luck on it though. I think it is one of those things you have to just get over and done with."
175871050,disappointing
175871051,Yeah your right. Noticed ive been a bit over-sensitive latley. Thanks for rationalising it for me. I feel a bit of a prat now. Cheers
175871052,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Its not that easy, I already told her its not helping but she said its up to my pdr and not me. She will be with my pdr during my pdr apt."
175871053,There are some story lines I can’t _PERSON_ in my original save
175871054,I hope you start feeling better soon _AT_MENTION_
175871055,"It’s groups, drop ins and courses and stuff to help manage better. It’s not a proper hospital it’s like a day thing"
175871056,"It makes a person think about things I will admit, get it now and it is funny slight_smile:"
175871057,I wonder how many NPCs are in this thread lol.
175871058,You need treatment if your voices are telling you to overdose and you’re having trouble not listening to them. At least try a crisis line. _AT_MENTION_
175871059,I haven’t loved myself enough I went for achievements which sound pretty stupid now eg. Therapist etc
175871060,I’m fearing the worst. She hasn’t been heard from in nearly a month. Not like her to just negate her Moderator responsibilities and disappear without notifying anyone. My thoughts and prayers are with her.
175871061,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175871062,I’m hearing voices/sounds but it could be cuz I’m tired. Woke up at 3:30am this morning.
175871063,"The months after I was forced to quit kpins was very pleasant and floaty, until they finally started working their way out of my brain. Then I got terrible rebound anxiety that lasted for about a year. I helped myself by drinking small amounts of alcohol like a small glass of wine. Thank God that finally passed. I'm very glad I have relatively low anxiety now. I'm glad I still have a.few Ativan though."
175871064,My right ear is so plugged I can barely hear YouTube
175871065,i’m not so sure the vaccine will work on the mutated virus either. We will have to find out.
175871066,Yeh I think ppl judge me too. Well screw them.
175871067,Raising dopamine will likely cause psychosis. Antipsychotics block dopamine.
175871068,"Have you tried cutting out the drug which causes sleeplessness as a direct result of taking it? Caffeine! Boring, I know, but if I took amphetamine and expected to sleep then I wouldn’t be able to."
175871069,They both cause memory problems correct?
174322655,Normally you have a measurement to see how much is in your blood. Then they can adjust based on that and your symptoms.
174322647,"I have been taking TMG (betaine) for a while now, 2000mg every four hours or so during the day. Seems to be a nice mood brightener. I don’t see any effect on positive symptoms though. Much clearer of an effect than sarcosine, which I got tired of really quickly due to it’s ‘dirty’ feeling…"
175871070,"Haha I just finished episode 3 of season 1 and said aloud ""I'm hooked"" Such a good episode. Do they not release the whole season at once? That's usually what netflix does"
175871071,The concept of a soulmate is a fiction. A time-consuming hunt for perfection that can burn a person out. Better to search for someone that is mostly compatible.
175871072,"I haven’t had symptoms in years but I can’t live like this knowing I’ve hurt thousands of people. Think about the people in residence who struggled immensely with my mental health issues! They have families, too. And they shouldn’t be bothered at work! I’ve tore my friends apart because of my mental health issues. I can’t allow myself to hurt others and live like an imposter. A worthless person who have hurt thousands of people! THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS! It’s not about money. It’s about my morals."
175871073,"Hey, _AT_MENTION_, what’s up?"
175871074,I Like That. Kinda Like The Kinder Version of ‘Working Class Hero’… . …
175871075,I was on one of those therapies as a 7-8yo but i dont remember anything
174322650,Yeah surprisingly it?s working well. I go to the doctor today about the abilify
175871076,Ya i figure they caused it and cured it. I have theories.
175871077,I’m so happy to hear that you wanting to live longer. That really touches my heart.
175871078,It looks very good!
175871079,My life is a mistake from the point I was even born to the world. I wish I wasn’t born.
175871080,"I always thought “Animals” was underrated. Me and my friends listened to it almost every day when we partied. The only Pink _NAME_ albums I actually like are “Dark Side of the Moon”, “Wish You Were Here”, and “Animals”."
175871081,"maybe if you have a hormonal imbalance but i think for the average person who may just be overeating than diet will make a big difference, as long as a person is burning more calories then they are taking in than they will lose weight, one thing that can vary with that is that some people have different metabolic rates and dont require as many calories"
175871082,does anyone know what i am not allowed to do as a person who has suffered a mental illness?
175871083,Depends on the person. I can go a few weeks before I really decompensate. A few days is no big deal for me. I went a couple of days without blood thinners and had some mini-strokes.
175871084,"She put a decimal point before the 50, so half a milligram more"
175871085,"The alternative _AT_MENTION_ to people being ‘saps’ is that you are not good at knowing what is genuinely funny , and what is purely offensive."
175871086,In two weeks? That’s not really sustainable. Please be careful to not do any dangerous dieting.
175871087,"Didn’t know that yesterday was your birthday, happy birthday! ?"
175871089,"Sounds good, except for the banana. I'm allergic to banana's! I like them. They just don't like me back! Lol!"
175871090,Reasonable accommodations? Are you in the states?
175871091,Also being the most intelligent person on Earth does not necessarily mean that you are high functioning (even though I am)
174322656,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! _AT_MENTION_ that sounds good to me. So since I’ll be on a full dose in a few days, hopefully a week after that I’ll be ok."
175871092,OMG the pain....sorry cog.
175871093,"For perhaps a month I have been having a cup of tea in the evening. I have black tea, green tea, flavored teas, Japanese tea, and herbal teas. I like the whole routine. It just comforts me."
175871094,"I can’t have another relapse, I don’t have the energy or strength anymore to go through that again. My last relapse was 1989, it was torture. I couldn’t imagine going through that again though there’s always that possibility it could happen. Another relapse would certainly jeopardize my job, school, and my current living situation."
175871095,We are all just dollar signs to the big corporations that run the world.
175871096,"There’s a lot of overlap in symptoms between metal disorders. Psychiatrists are trained to decide which metal disorders you have based on your symptoms. If they’re saying you don’t have schizophrenia, then you’ve got good news and the future is a little bit brighter."
175871097,"I’m feeling better, just really tired its the afternoon and I just woke up. My meds are back on schedule. Just really sedated and want to sleep all day"
175871098,3 expressos it is
175871099,"Oh my gosh, this is so beautiful! So delicate and fragile and frail and yet the pop of color it's like bold and brave! Thanks for sharing SP!"
175871100,How accurate was the genesight test? What is your experience on seroquel? Any side effect? Can you focus on seroquel?
175871101,That’s really good news that your med change has worked out so well.
175871102,"I used nicoret gum to quit. Used it for 3 months while slowly weaning myself off of nicotine by going to the next lower dose. It’s possible to quit without a nicotine supplement, but if you find it too hard then try a patch, gum, or lozenge. It makes it waaaaay easier."
175871103,"tuna sandwich, apple, chips, chocolate chip cookies and Dr Pepper for lunch"
175871104,I'm sorry cog
175871105,No I lose weight all the time when I excrete waste material. It’s the eating and drinking that’s the problem.
175871106,You do this a lot though. Dont you think you need to start treating other people a bit better?
175871107,It’s the same thing only lasts longer. So the only difference is the preservative they use to make it last longer. How’d it work out? I bet uts super convenient for you now everx3 months! Are you still symptoms free?
175871108,The occupational therapist encouraged me to walk more today.
175871109,Did they get less after stopping Abilify?
175871110,"If you only have these episodes rarely I would stay away from ap’s since they are addictive and you could get drug dependent. It’s better to get a temporary aid like valium or something else that calms you down. If I was in your situation I would quit my ap’s today, but unfortunatly my problems arise very quickly and constant when I’m off ap’s."
175871111,"I don’t know where to begin _AT_MENTION_ . It’s people like you who inspire me to write down my experiences and enjoy this forum and the people on it and keep me on here. If I can inspire or give hope or maybe even motivate someone else that’s a great feeling: if I can also entertain someone else by doing it, that’s just an added bonus. You’re one of the more supportive people on here so you should get recognition for that and your posts are a good read too! Have a good night/day!"
175871112,"_AT_MENTION_ I don’t know if there’s anything left to add to that. Love is kind and accepting, that’s all I’ve got"
175871113,For instance Hi I just responded to to your post.
175871114,Write for a few minutes then let me know how you’re doing. Writing can help me also.
174322652,My mental health in terms of psychosis positive symptoms changes sometimes/regularly at night. Thoughts just flurry past not under my control and dreams seem to last even wen I’m part awake until the very moment I open my eyes
175871115,and im feeling super irrational I feel my worries are so irrational i feel sometimes its psychosis but the psychologisr says no
175871116,Yes high school I have many reasons why i went into a psychotic episodes
175871117,"As in corn-knee Waxing corn-knee: it's what I do! (was gonna change my name to _PERSON_, but should perhaps consider _PERSON_) I could be terribly wrong but, salles , you sound robust enough to handle at least friendships, and I think that, as long as one can endure it, human contact can show us where we need to grow, if we look at the irritation correctly (""Speak for yourself, _PERSON_, you rsshole; that is pretty hard to do.""). Ah. nonetheless, tolerable levels of pain can be invaluable, as long as one is not at one's limits . (Sorry for having gone overboard about relationships: it's what I do! Puking chile at wedding was priceless! I could smell it (is this proper use of the Mr. Green emoji?))"
175871118,Anyone else here who’s also taking Sertraline? Thanks!
174322662,Yes……………………………
175871119,"…Do you work for _NAME_? All jokes aside, that’s cool that you’re noticing some noteworthy effects from chewing nicotine gum. I’d be in the camp that wouldn’t recommend nicotine consumption, though. And I say this as a current smoker of 12ish years. Not sure what kind of long-term repercussions chewing the gum could have, but if it’s minimal and it’s working for you, then awesome stuff. Be well"
175871120,I’m fine sweetie. I was joking because _AT_MENTION_ was being so bizarre asking about wolves and pizza and zombies and whatnot. I was asking if I was hallucinating when clearly somebody else was lol
175871121,"I can’t believe how agitated I am every day, for so much of the time It’s difficult for my husband"
175871122,"Hmm. Slightly Strange No One Has Any Opinions On The Matter Of Presentation & It’s Importance Within The Sphere Of An Individuals Reality. And Vise Versa. (Whatever That Actually Means). I’m Still Bored It May Seem. But!, In All ‘Reality’, Thus Subject Is Important To Me. Because It Explains Much About The Negative Aspect Of Neighborhoods, Family, Education, Politics, Entertainment, And Friendship. One Group Here. On The Opposite End Of The Shore, Another Group. As Both Groups Are Being Watched By An Alternative Group, Being Watched Themselves. It’s Not Even Confusing. Almost Beyond Reasons To Try And Reason. Jus Sayin. . . . . . ."
175871123,I’m happy for you _AT_MENTION_. I’m so glad you are content with your life. That’s life changing.
175871124,"I wish I could exchange my calories for money, I would be very rich lol"
175871125,"Being proud of any illness is not my thing. Some SZs are criminals because of their severe SZ or because they fail to take meds. That scares ppl and make them think that all SZs are dangerous so no I won’t tell strangers or collegues that I have SZ. My parents and my best friends know, that’s enough, not on social media."
175871126,It’s funny you say that. Someone I know recently complained that his career was basically now as far as he could go.
174322667,Im on abilify 30 mg and it was fine until recently
175871127,"I feel for you. Lack of thoughts was my first symptom. It lasted for two years and was the worst i ever felt… or not felt… I was nothing. Had no no thoughts. No feelings. Pure hell. My mother died during that period and there was nothing inside of me. No sorrow. But it ended, and now i have a lot of thoughts and feeling . It will end for you as well, i guess, and hope."
175871128,A Chinese voice told me it was. I think it’s been a strategy for dumb jealous people.
175871129,I feel like so many better versions of me exist in this world. Why would people want to bother with me?
175871130,I agree! 3w_PHONE_NO_
175871131,_PERSON_ I don’t know some adults who are into diapers use them but I’m a clean freak but it relieves stress for me.
174322663,We have a schizophrenia society in my town. I haven’t joined yet. I’m kind of afraid to join in.
175871132,No one can understand my sz.
175871133,I’m in my room don’t wanna turn the fan on cos I feel someone might break in and I won’t hear
175871134,The Matrix triggers me every time. Never saw the entire movie from start to finish.
175871135,I don’t think they’re playing that card. I think you lack insight into your psychosis (anosognosia) and they’re trying to help you.
175871136,"I meant it can get worse with time if you don’t take your meds. Now you think they’re trying to kill you, next you’ll think its real and start acting. That’s what happened to me, I had knives hidden under my bed."
175871137,I feel like how happy I am in a given day is tied to my attitude. When I get voices attacking me I think about how long I have left to live and how much I’ll suffer from them in the future. I can’t be happy unless I avoid that type of thought. Anybody have any tips on keeping a good positive attitude despite a voice torturing you? I’ve tried ignoring it but it’s incessant. No medication has silenced them. I’m tired of being a downer. I need a way to stay positive and deal with the voices in a constructive way that doesn’t result in me shouting internally at them that I want them to die. What should I do? I’ve hit a wall in my recovery.
175871138,"You can go for walks. You can exercise(aerobic training, strength training, and flexibility training). You can listen to music. You can engage in cognitive activities, like reading, solving chess puzzles, studying something. You can shower, brush your teeth and shave. You can do household chores like cleaning, preparing food, doing laundry etc. Good luck."
175871139,Oh _AT_MENTION_ she’s really going to hurt someone if she doesn’t start getting this right. Some of these meds are dangerous.
175871140,"Well, then try to set up seeing a counselor. That can be really helpful too."
175871141,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ Make sure you don’t run out of the metoprolol ever.
175871142,you are just waiting for me to say something you dont like
175871143,The actual code enforcement inspection will be Wednesday. This one was just the pre-inspection done by the property manager and maintenance guy to make sure everything is good. So it's the same thing but someone else doing it on Wednesday. I'm not worried about it now though since I know what it entails. Oops just realized I already posted this before
175871144,"Cold here , foot of wet snow, heater going"
175871145,"I try to get them done once a week, but lately it’s been every 2 weeks or so"
175871146,"Overweight. I have pcos, so I have a hard enough time losing weight already. Also, the _USER_ID_. Certain people pull away because they feel they don’t have the energy to deal with my problems. I never asked anyone to."
175871147,"My stepdad sounds nice and friendly, and he can be, but he screamed point blank in my face whenever he was mad at me when I was six or seven years old. I’m the only one of three that’s not his kid and growing up it was obvious. He doesn’t ???? with me anymore but he still makes me feel like ???? by guilting me anytime I disagree with him. I’m forced to be friends with him because we’re always around each other but honestly I’m just waiting for the opportunity to move and I will gladly leave him behind. Maybe your situation is similar. We’ve all thought at one point he’s a nice guy, but then he sends death threats in an email and you just feel like giving up again. He wants everything in the world to be a certain way, with him at the top. If you live with him you are forced to either become a sycophant or be abused emotionally."
175871148,Hey _AT_MENTION_ Read my post brother! I suggest you take the harm reduction approach! Much love and I hope your quality of life will improve I heard zyprexa in particular has a pretty bad withdrawal profile So whatever you do go extremely slow with the help of your pdoc to monitor you
175871149,"Normally no, but this time that’s is exactly what I bought because they had a 50% less sugar variety pack I wanted to try, I thought it sounded good. I don’t like it too sweet."
175871150,Yeah that’s what I’ve read too. But I can’t find online the stats for over the age of 65.
175871151,"I'm just happy to be alive and that everything is ok.. I have the mental ability to solve these complex problems that I have and I have patience and faith in my abilities more than most people realize about themselves. I'm more awake than ever and I'm able to make better decisions now that I'm older and more mature which means I can help the people around me and make them realize that they have it too, beneath the brain fog, stress, financial problems and maybe I can change the world in some way - We all can and we are. I'm a good person and I'm around good people and I'm not being manipulated anymore. I'm free, have a good life. Everything is perfect the way it's supposed to be - Even though I get sad, I like being sad sometimes. I like the melancholy. I never liked ketamine (Even though it cured my depression) because I have no reason to be so happy. It felt fake. What makes me happy is about what is real.. Cuz I lost many touches with what is real ie; ""Reality!!"""
174322674,Sadly I don’t think Lumateperone treats negatives. Only positive symptoms? I may have misheard something though.
175871152,"So I have been on Clozapine for 8 months now and I just got my labs done. Everything on my lipids panel is extremely high. Should I be worried about this? Is there anything I can do to counteract this? Will I have to be taken off of the Clozapine? I’m also on Abilify, would Abilify cause this?"
175871153,"Yes, My delusions were involced with religions such as Buddha and God."
175871154,I haven’t found anything to help me ive tried everything and now I don’t take anything… And I hallucinate in all 5 senses and haven’t seen real people in half a year again. So I don’t recommend it actually. I keep reading how alot of people on here are doing pretty well on meds because of meds… Every one is different also. Maybe your Drs could talk to you about possibilities of different plans on how to cope and deal w things w out meds?
175871155,I’d like to try poutine
174322675,"I have schizoaffective disorder, bipolar type, so I definitely understand feeling like a different person depending on my current psychosis. I used to be a wreck, then I started taking my meds, and it’s made such a difference. I have found that even during a manic phase, I can now stop myself from (in my case, this is one of my issues) insane shopping sprees if we can’t afford it. It is hard, but the medicine has made a huge difference. For the record, I take lamotrigine for mood, lithium for suicidal ideation, saphris for hallucinations, diazepam for anxiety, and ingrezza for tardive dyskinesia. It’s a lot, but you do what you have to do to make it work."
175871156,"Thank you, I recognize that I’m lucky for knowing what’s happening to me is wrong, but it’s still scary. I’m scared about the therapist because I have a vague sense that she she’ll do something to me, but I also need this to stop before it gets worse. Unfortunately I only have one friend I trust with what’s happening to me, and she’s only an internet friend who’s also a busy mom and doesn’t have all day to talk with me."
175871157,I'm feeling a little better....so either it was anxiety or the cogentin worked.
175871158,"Yeah, I agree with this. Also sometimes if I sleep too long I get a headache."
175871159,"no not now, i was just hospitalized recently though and so im coming off of some meds now"
175871160,I smoked very heavily when I first had mental health problems. Eventually it caught up to me and I had some difficulty breathing. I don’t hugely regret smoking but I kind of wish vaping was popular when I smoked - I would have much preferred to do that instead. Much less harmful for you
175871161,Risperdal Consta 37.5 mg IM every 2 weeks Geodon 240 mg every day Seroquel 100 mg every night Celexa 20 mg every day Klonipin 0.5 mg prn I’m happy with the meds I’m taking. These are just my psych meds. They don’t include my medical meds.
175871162,"This is silly, but it works, works for me. When voice speak, say to them: “Please follow three.” Then hear silence, great it be, rule of three."
175871163,ah yea. The differences are weird. Like if you can get a shot for once every 3 months or one for every month then you would take the 3 monthly one huh.
175871164,"If you lived on benefits all your life like I have you’d see that you probably have it better than me. I was put on benefits at 24 and missed out on a lot of stuff. I understand it if your voices got a lot worse, and you fear you would not survive during the time you were changing over to having benefits but it sounds like a bit of a joke that you can’t take any more of something you are afraid of losing."
175871165,Grape leaves with hummus and baba ganouj or Chana masala. For dessert baklava
175871166,BMC Psychiatry Are quantity and content of psychiatric interventions associated with suicide?... Research is required to identify those psychiatric interventions with a protective effect against suicide. The overarching aim of the current study was to examine whether completed suicide in psychiatric patients in a Swedish population was...
174322673,"Yeah, it all seems kind of like one big flashback. Seems to me like it either wears off or i learn how to deal with it with time"
175871167,It’s my understanding that antipsychotics can help prevent brain damage from psychosis
175871168,? used to eye contact problem too. But with proper medicine it s past.
175871169,"Therapy today, I need it I think. Process some of these feelings and dark thoughts I’ve had over coming to terms that I’ll always be like this. Other than that not much. Need to clean this place, got dog poop and garbage cans on my chore list. Wishing you well!"
175871170,"I’m taking all my meds DNA, I want to get better. I’m sticking with my psychiatrist. That’s perhaps the best route now for me, not neurology."
175871171,No. I want to track what I eat and count calories but I don’t know how. It seems so complicated and all food doesn’t list how many calories. I adore eating and eat a little bit too much.
175871172,"Something that bothers me to this day — when I was in college I read a poem to my theatre class – a girl liked it and asked me out right then and there while standing up front of the class … She caught me off guard I was NOT prepared to answer so I blurted out (I WOULD NEVER do this deliberately) ‘No because you are ugly’ — the whole class went silent and she began to cry – she was very pretty — it just took me as a shock and off guard… That was 13 years ago, to this day it bothers me I never got over it… I guess a regret is just something we’ve done but wish we hadnt - and I think nobody is perfect and we have all done things we wish we hadnt…"
175871173,Maybe this can be helpful towards your self hatred. A bit of a cathartic exercise. Do you love yourself soon??
175871174,"I just like to make funny usernames lol, and make people laugh."
175871175,Mini coke....
175871176,Is this for cholesterol or some other reason?
175871177,"last exam said, I’m good and pink, and moist, she said many are white. TMI."
174322676,I’ve only been once in my 13 years of schizophrenia. This is because I haven’t gone off my meds.
174322668,Clopixol was knockout stuff for me. I used it for about 2 years and then Olanzapine and after that Abilify. I’m on 25mg of Abilify atm
175871178,I think the ashwagandha is doing something to me spiritually. I like it. But it's not good for everyone else. It just makes me sick of all the bs that I'm dealt with. I'm mentally had it up to HERE with it all. I'm been subjected to HELL. But I'm ok. I'll listen to _NAME_ in a bit and calm down lol
175871179,"Hi (((((((_NAME_))))))) I have said this before I think, but I am convinced that having been drunk and stoned very often, and having taken trips occassionally, helped me to cope with Mania without panicking. It was very much like another drug experience and I surfed the wave as it came. _NAME_"
175871180,"I haven’t seen my therapist for a few months now, at first because of transportation issues and now because of the very real threat of contracting or spreading coronavirus at the general clinic where I was seeing her. I want to say my sessions with her were helping, but honestly, I don’t think things have changed much for me since they stopped (outside of issues caused by having to stay at home with my… unique family all the time). Maybe it’s too soon since seeing her for such a difference to manifest."
175871181,"This depends. I sometimes hate my abusers, sometimes I don’t. Sometimes I pray for them, but sometimes I just plain hate them. And sometimes I blame them from giving me mental illness because 100% of my hallucinations are related to my abuse experience. I get flashbacks and chills at night, and I have nightmares of people abusing me. At this point, I have no idea how to feel about them. I don’t even know where they are and I don’t remember them. But there’s this one girl I remember so clearly that I could pinpoint her if I see her in the streets. She makes me so angry but how will she remember what she did when she was in junior high school?"
175871182,"**** yeah, cog! You're kicking *** and taking names now! This is what progress feels like!"
175871183,I searched and it must be this article: # Influence of methodological and patient factors on serum NMDAR IgG antibody detection in psychotic disorders: a _NAME_-analysis of cross-sectional and case-control studies And there is a companion comment to the article. All easily accessible via you know what site.
175871184,"There’s something about ENTJs and INFPs, seriously lol I keep noticing my more emotional friends tend to be INFPs. I get along with them oddly well. I wonder if it’s also Enneagram type coming into the picture. 3 is one of my favorite types."
175871185,i mean i use it sometimes
175871186,I’m depressed and I don’t care about myself anymore. My life has no worth.
175871187,"I am not sure entirely myself what is going on. I think my life is getting less and less balanced that is the thing, so it builds up over time, the imbalance. It is very hard to get back on track when the track is on a mountain and you fall down the mountain"
175871188,thanks everyone <3 im really super proud of this one
174322677,ECT has been used for positive symptoms and aggression but the results for negative symptoms seem to be inconclusive
175871189,"_PERSON_…, Imma Chill a Bit, The Radio Sounds Really Good During Thus Moment…, Thanx Again…, Hopefully, No Real Serious Hurdles and All Will Soon Pass…, As _NAME_ Said, (((Thus Too Shall Pass))) Miss You Already… . …"
175871190,That’s a difficult one to contend with. Do you play video games? Video games really help me on my worst days.
175871191,"Good luck bro, make money, smash bitchis and party hard Loool hahaha joking"
174322681,Mine is on monthly depot. But if I was taking pills I would take it in the morning.
174322671,"I don’t agree. I don’t think sz is funny. I think OCD is hilarious though. Until you live with someone with a bad case of OCD. Then, it’s not funny anymore."
175871192,"When I had psychosis and was arrested, my auditory hallucinations were yelling and degrading me the whole time, like two weeks… lol"
175871193,Whether it’s real or not we can perceive and interact with it so that’s pretty neat
174322679,"I think he has been consumed by the forces of evil but has still managed to cling on to a good part of him, he has a good personality and an evil personality, his evil side is Gollum, his good side is Smeagal, his evil side is more dominant bc of the power the ring has over him btw i like this question"
175871194,Don’t do it I bet you have a lot to live for
175871195,"Don’t girls suffer from breaking up for someone who leaves them right after having sex? Many times I see him forcing girls into having sex with him, some girls reject him but he insists until they give up. He doesn’t use physical force so he’s not a criminal other than always begging his friends for money to buy cocaine etc You call him normal?"
175871196,"Can be a med, a historical figure or an activity, If you are thirsty you will find the water,"
175871197,Positives: Met friends today My son is doing his homework without being nagged today I got to see this 13C774AE-AFC3-4A83-9ACE-36092AAB5DF5.jpeg 3024×3024 2.44 MB
175871198,Yeah it’s hard to understand but the voices punish me with tactile hallucinations to when I enjoy stuff like smoking or eating
175871199,Vraylar is working to diminish my voice hearing greatly. My visions and delusions are still there though.
175871200,"en.m.wikipedia.org Situated cognition Situated cognition is a theory that posits that knowing is inseparable from doing by arguing that all knowledge is situated in activity bound to social, cultural and physical contexts. Under this assumption, which requires an epistemological shift from empiricism, situativity theorists suggest a model of knowledge and learning that requires thinking on the fly rather than the storage and retrieval of conceptual knowledge. In essence, cognition cannot be separated from the context. Instead knowin..."
175871201,"It’s said that loneliness has an adverse effect on mental and physical health , but what about social isolation that may or may not involve feelings of loneliness? I’ve always been quite asocial , and although less socially isolated due to the nearness of my stepfamily still have a smaller than average social network. I get bored with my own company at times rather than feeling particularly lonely I would say that both can impact on well being. I was certainly functioning less well when more socially isolated even though feelings of loneliness weren’t that strong. Opinions/thoughts/views welcomed."
175871202,It doesn’t really affect me except for oculogyric crisis sometimes before hearing faint voices
175871203,"im just trying to replace my old drinking habits with more productive habits like working out. working out is addictive and helps my physique. last time I drank was like 2 weeks ago, I had a whole bottle of wine but I didn’t get any of that old euphoria to entertain myself. drinking is not the same on meds, it just doesn’t do much for me."
175871204,"I’m 62, and things seem the same to me. I wrote a short story I am proud of. I’m hoping to write quite a few more. I’m diminishing physically fairly quickly. My lungs are deteriorating and I don’t smoke. They’ve given me an inhaler and antibiotics, and they work a little while, but then the wheezing comes back and I get winded very easily."
175871205,"_AT_MENTION_ you have no idea how proud I am of how brave you have been lately. Reaching out when you had thoughts of self harm, and reaching out again now. It takes so much courage to come forward and ask for help. And other people see you do it, and feel a bit braver to ask for help themselves."
175871206,You’re on it!! Good for you :). I was just thinking I need to get started on Christmas
175871207,"Try to keep your mind busy. Maybe watch a movie, hang out friends, do some chores, or anything that will keep your brain busy."
175871208,Sorry _AT_MENTION_
175871209,I’ve recently started enjoying your posts. You’ve grown as a person. I noticed. Whatever you’re doing looks good on you!
175871210,I was just wondering if anybody has seen it. It came out 3 and a half weeks ago.
175871211,There is definitely a connection between voices and tactile. I haven’t seen Ghost Busters in a long time!
175871212,Eating whipped cream straight out of the can for lunch. Just sayin'.
175871213,You should speak with your doctor about them. The term for what you’re describing is hypnagogic hallucination. More commonly known as night terrors. It is indicative of a possible sleep disorder or anxiety.
175871214,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m gluten free (less calories and don’t upset my stomach) sugar free (I drink sugar free powder drinks that are 10 calories per pouch (a&w and a&w cream soda kinds) and I’m gonna limit that to three pouches per day I’m allowed 1,770 calories a day and today did 30 min of walking and 3 min of brisk walking (I might cut out potatoes too but I’m not sure, my family eats about 1 potato most days)"
174322684,"This is specifically for things like “should I switch my med?” Or “do I have schizophrenia?” We dont want to be held liable if someone gets told to quit all their meds and pray, then ends up trying to kill themselves. Telling someone to seek a professional medical opinion is what we encourage folks to do, so you are fine here."
175871215,"In my college years, we had a group therapy. The professor suggested that we should buy a book about psychoanalysis. When I bought it, I saw that each personality type is defined by its defense mechanisms it uses the most. There, in that book I found the definition of schizoid personality. It contained schizotypal traits too. I found a great description of my self in there."
175871216,I’m sorry you’re going through that
175871217,I have the same problem. I don’t do much either.
175871218,I’ve noticed that I go through these cycles when it comes to sleep. My mom wondered if it could be related to my menstrual cycle. Who knows maybe i will take note of that the next round. Anyways first for a certain period of time my sleep will be heavenly. I’ll fall asleep at 11 pm wakeup at 9 am. No issues. Then suddenly I can’t fall asleep at 11 am anymore. I can’t fall asleep until later and later and then I can’t wake up until later either. It can get to the point where its bad insomnia/basically becoming nocturnal and I am either barely sleeping at night or not at all. Then things start changing again. I can fall asleep at night at an appropriate time but not for very long. Only a few hours maybe. Then after a while of this bam I’m back to the first stage and my sleep is perfect again. Anyone else notice this?
175871219,"I dont believe in revenge at all, it is a flawed concept. Best to just move on from things."
175871220,I hardly remember my dreams....
175871221,"Hell, none of my psychiatrists can even agree about what the best suits are to wear."
175871222,"Hmm. There Hangs Some Truth Somewhere Within The Balance Of That Statement. One Song Once Said, ‘You Never Know Until You Try’. I Found In My Personal Odd, Strange, Unusual Existence, That Without Honest Reason, It Always Feels Like My Heart Is Hollow. So. I Jus Kinda Politely Assume That, There Has To Be A Much More Hopeful Way To Survive. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic) P.s. Her Voice Spoke Among The Lies And I Tried And I Tried And I Tried."
175871223,Yes. Sorry. Edited my post. I meant 500mg. If I had taken half a kilo I would probably be dead I wouldn’t need dinner
175871224,"I'm taking lots and lots of breaks from mental activity by taking a walk around in the hospital hallways. If people judge, I'm a psychiatric patient they can all go to hell lol!"
175871225,dont let ppl label you be confident and go on in life
175871226,"This kind of behaviour also stops me from socializing here as I feel every step is watched over here. You got plenty of friends you can talk to and open up, all I talk to my while day can be my mom. P.s. also call up mom more often"
175871227,"i cant, thats really mess up thing to say. until she takes her word back i wont talk to her."
175871228,Yeah I’m not sure exactly what it means here. Keeping an eye on the news and my work email see if anything happens. Daycares and schools are all closed after today so people will be affected. Lots of people here have kids and can’t work from home so idk what they’re going to do.
175871229,"Do tactics problems to keep your skills in check ( I used chesstempo a while ago), learn a musical instrument… I try to have my days like yours, without anything to do, but I allways have 1 or 2 things that are important and that I do everyday. Motivation comes and goes but discipline is persistent."
175871230,"Not now, unless Risperdone or Xanomeline fixes my negative and cognitive symptoms. Ofc I want kids. Xanomeline was shown to improve negative and cognitive symptoms by more than twice (9 vs 24 pts) than current antipsychotics. I need to be stable mentally and financially before getting another gf. My brothers have gfs and they can’t stand me. They told that no girl will want to live with you because you’re mentally instable. They told me that even mentally disables ppl can get married because they are more mentally stable than me. Now I get easily triggered, its worse without meds though, I become dangerous."
175871231,Yeah. I used to be a fundamentalist Christian. It can be really hard on people. Too harsh and judgmental a lot of the time. Not all fundamentalists are like that though
175871232,"Yes, I talked about people like me with this illness receiving discrimination because of their poor choice of a story."
175871233,"I just got my 2nd of 2 covid-19 vaccine shots about a week ago and am very proud of that. I hesitated for a couple of months to get those for I didn't know what effect that would have on my ears, which I have trouble with. But I thought, I would rather have some possible temporary ear trouble than to be sick with the virus. I didn't really have any temporary ear trouble. Has anybody else had their shots?"
175871234,"So my Zyprexa has been a miracle drug for me, and I’m ready to get off disability and go back to work. That’s a good thing, right? Well, I contacted two people from my last job asking if they would be willing to be references. One said no and the other is just ignoring me. The last good references I have are from 2011. I have tons of good reference letters from jobs prior to that, but if an employer wants more recent ones, they’ll only be able to verify employment dates. I can’t help but think that won’t look good, especially if I’m trying to get back to the same university where I worked before going on disability in January 2015. Anyone else have this problem? I’m bound and determined to find a good job I can handle, but I’m sure not getting support I need for references. How to explain to a potential employer that people are holding my disability against me?"
175871235,Seeing my friend tomorrow. Finally. I have to go grocery shopping today and don't feel like it. But I need to and have been putting it off so I'll go I guess.
175871236,Thanks bluebird! ?
175871237,I suffer from this and it’s very real. I feel like others around me can percieve my thoughts and what goes on in my mind. Often innapropriate or politically incorrect just because I feel like people can hear it. It’s like it’s impulsive. I avoid leaving the house and any public settings because of it as well as avoiding phone calls. It’s good to be able to talk about it. I was in the hospital for a year and avoided sociallizing because of it. I hear the tv talk to me about me too which i’ve heard on here. It’s an awful experience. I feel like I was better off before I became acutely aware of the sense that people can percieve whats going on in my mind. Does anyone else have any experience with thought broadcasting?
175871238,"Depakote saved my life a few times. It’s my miracle med. It’s quick, it’s potent and it works. The issues I have with it is that it’s a big weight gaining med. I’m always hungry on it. I get my Depakote levels and liver checked every 6 months. I forgot to mention that it also keeps me very fatigued. I take 1500mg a day"
175871239,"The human brain is so energy hungry that it has evolved to be as energy efficient as possible. In my opinion people are not going to waste valuable energy hating an plotting against you unless you give them no other option, which is highly unlikely."
175871240,"I like your new name. I can’t believe you stole my post!!! lol Well I just don’t know what I’ll do today. It was such a beautiful spring day yesterday and I didn’t even go for a walk. Maybe today I will make that a goal, the fresh air and sunshine will be nice. Then today is bath day and I could do some laundry. Oh and there’s other things I could get busy on if I cared to. We’ll see, aren’t Sundays meant to be lazy though? I just don’t know as I meander through my day how it will turn out."
175871241,"nice leftovers are great =D I had my birthday din dins today and i still have leftovers, i’ll eat some later =3"
175871242,I’ve been doing it for years but in different forms. Today for example. When I’m driving I’m concentrating on the road or sometimes ( often actually) i get distracted by other drivers. Today I was coming home from work and I was just thinking how funny it was to be driving while I have schizophrenia. Or doing anything. Other drivers pick up on that sh*t so 99% of the time I have my guard up. But it was just really funny to me to be on the road in traffic knowing I had schizophrenia and nobody around me knew it.
175871243,"Does it feel like a nerve pain? I had that at the base of my ribs and it turned out to be non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Hopefully, it’s just anxiety. Good luck"
175871244,That’s very sad news.
175871245,_AT_MENTION_ Are you receiving support?
175871246,Cat on a Hot _PERSON_ Roof…
175871247,You can absolutely get one. I’ve had one for years.
175871248,"Hi, I have a thought broadcasting problem too. In trying to understand how this happens I came across this answer a user provided in reddit. It is regarding your particular symptom. I have others. image377×560 60.6 KB"
175871249,"Dude, _NAME_, happy birthday. I just want to say that you’re inspiring, 40 years with this illness and you’ve still got a sharp clever sense of humor. It’s an amazing tool to use, and many of us enjoy your jokes. I’m wishing you well dude! Keep up the good fight!"
174322687,I will try Zyprexa and see if releasing tension through sex reduces irritability.
175871250,I take itwith my ap. Helps my motivation and dressive slumps.
175871251,"Check yourself in, better safe than sorry."
175871252,"Thank you. I get faint voices when stressed, had them on Tuesday. And whispers at night. But no legible voices tg."
175871253,"I have been on Abilify for about 10 years, but just a low-dose 7.5 mg… it doesn’t seem to impair my creativity at all. I am also a musician, and find no impairment to songwriting or expressing myself musically"
175871254,I called it my 4 credit class in how to be a person
175871255,It’s the bipolar in me I get obsessive and impulsive a lot. I’m just getting obsessed with the idea of getting like super fit and lifting big *** weights.
175871256,_PERSON_ zyprexa knocked the living shiit out of me when i took it.
175871257,I feel so nauseous
175871258,"I have Diazepam but I don’t take it regularly. When I start feeling like my brain is rotting away and I become essentially demented, I usually take 10 mg, usually just once a week, sometime every 2 weeks."
175871259,yea but why would you do it like that? Isn’t it better to be honest with them?
175871260,"I don’t just HAVE samples, but I also design them and sell them too."
174322686,I am on ap for 25 years and im stable on clozaril!
175871261,I prefer silver. But I’m not particularly attracted to so called precious metals or gems.
175871262,Anyone work while applying? After you get approved can you quit your job and get more benefits? I know I’m under the jncome limit for both but I’m hoping I can quit my job after because it’s making me sick
175871263,"If you’re not in therapy already I recommend that you get into therapy. Also, if you’re feeling tempted remember the suicide hotline. Are you on antidepressants? Maybe you and your pdoc could work with those. Remember, depression can be defeated. I know it doesn’t seem that way, but you can get over depression. One thing that helped me with my depression was my getting older. I no longer have that feeling that life is passing me by. Life is all right. You can get through this. Don’t do anything that can’t be undone."
175871264,"Well she was in a way abusive, so I didn’t wanna let an old flame burn me again you know?"
175871265,Psychosis turned me into that lel but I feel like turning back around again... If I can..
175871266,Every night. See my other post to you.
175871267,"Only every time I have to interact with NTs, which is, unfortunately, nearly a daily thing somehow. The good news is that my employer recognizes that I’m a freak in the performance arena and values it."
175871268,"pineapple is fine, grapefruit has a detoxifying property to it, so it takes the medicine out of your system, it messes with the half life if I understand it correctly"
175871269,Ya my voices sound like they are in the room.
175871270,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ 15
175871271,Yes but not any tremors. Just really bad restless leg. I had to be moving moving moving and there was no relief until they prescribed me another med to combat it.
175871272,"The same thing jumpstarted my sz when I was 19. I smoked a LOT of pot back then, and one night some ??????? dropped a hit of acid in my eye saying it was eyedrops… I started tripping IMMEDIATELY, and he put me in my car and sent me on my way I thought I got into a car accident and was mangled/dying, pulled over I guess and called people to say goodbye. Since that night, anytime I smoke pot it comes roaring back like it’s the same night. New delusions popped up over the years, but being horribly mangled and dying/dead is my go-to. The past year-ish, I’ve been studying and practicing Gardnerian and some eclectic. It’s helped some with my fear, and makes me feel a little more in control, but now I feel like maybe we (most sz) are just enlightened and open etc. If it works, work it I guess"
175871273,"Yeah, that’s great, from reading your posts every now and than I never doubted her intelligence or common sense but the health problems you deal with are extremely serious and it wouldn’t hurt to consult with an actual MD."
175871274,The bugs and cameras are already in my home so it wasn’t to leave one.
175871275,"Absolutely. I still struggle with most household tasks. My partner does most of the cleaning, and he used to need to force me to shower and brush my teeth. Now I have a good routine and it’s easy to stay on top of a few specific things."
175871276,"It’s early here, but all I want is to sleep. My brain smells burnt. Excessive work of brain today with all this madness"
175871277,I’ve lost 40 lbs since the lockdown and I am still obese.
175871278,"Welcome _AT_MENTION_ . If you find yourself in need of help, just tag a moderator. Type the @ symbol, then our names _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_, and _AT_MENTION_ Enjoy your stay with us! Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Ninjastar Volunteer Moderator"
175871279,Here finally found the Dr who got suspended: https://mindreel.org.uk/video/doctor-who-hears-voices
175871280,Survive. Survive. Survive.
175871281,It’s work to correct mistakes but it’s better than the situation of an error that is painful. Error doesn’t necessarily mean failure. Clean up and begin again.
175871282,"Yeah, I think I’ll die as soon as I stop living."
175871283,Thank you for your kind words. Sending warm vibes to Australia…
175871284,"Is there anything that has triggered your anxiety? Something you saw, watched, read? Sorry you’re going through such a tough patch."
175871285,"en.m.wikipedia.org Boundary-work In science studies, boundary-work comprises instances in which boundaries, demarcations, or other divisions between fields of knowledge are created, advocated, attacked, or reinforced. Academic scholarship on boundary-work[which?] has emphasized that such delineations often have high stakes involved for the participants, and carries with it the implication that such boundaries are flexible and socially constructed.[citation needed] The original use of the term ""boundary-work"" for these sorts of ..."
175871286,"the problem is obvious. That’s why it’s so easy to hurt a fat person. I remember thinking that no one could ever be attracted to a fat person. My self esteem was very low. Although I’m not fat now, I will never forget how I felt about the way I was treated as a fatty and I will always consider fat people as worthy of love."
175871287,How did you find out it was low?
175871288,"If you wanna give my music a chance, check out Waterway on Spotify, here’s the link https://open.spotify.com/artist/2JlgBmQ3pOKXjGKC4feaxO?si=xRxbuncsR_u3BinD1_bS0A"
175871289,Thanks _AT_MENTION_!!!
175871290,"I don’t want to say I’m jealous, but yeah. Spirit cat? Ecstasy hallucination? Sure beats chronic headaches and name calling. My touch hallucination is a weird tingle in the balls, whenever I think of a certain girl, and sometimes just randomly."
175871291,"If someone ask me how I wanted to die, it would be in my sleep. No pain, no panic, just go peacefully. I think it is the best way to go."
175871292,I’ll tell you it is in Canada where big mountains are. I don’t really like to reveal my location.
175871293,"I step over the boundaries sometimes, too. We have a little too much nerve sometimes. We are just learners when it comes to being sociable."
175871294,I’ve been on ziprexa for 12 years. Recently upped it from 5 to 7 1/2 mg. I’ve had good luck with it. No weight or diabetes problems.
175871295,Yeah forget perfection. If we can just be ourself that would be nice.
175871296,"Watching a loved one have a psychotic break is a traumatic experience. Your partner is probably still afraid for your health and safety. Just because you feel fine now, doesn’t mean he is totally over watching the love of his life turn into a completely different person for months."
175871297,Defo defo. You will feel when it’s the right time for more ppl exposure Gotsta be brave too isn’t it.
175871298,Not sure if we can get it quicker now that psychosis is a potential risk.
175871299,Hopefully they’ll be ok.....
175871300,"I learned about this in season one of an Amazon Prime exclusive show called Lore. I can’t believe they gave him an award for it, he ruined so many lives, using that procedure on people who didn’t really need it. It was supposed to be a last resort but got used in a lot of cases where treatment would have sufficed. He practiced on grapefruits for crying out loud."
175871301,I have flushed meds down the toilet and put them in the garbage before on multiple occasions. 99% would not recommend.
175871302,"I’m not sure I trust my judgement anymore. Looking back, I’ve come to the conclusion that it’s more than a few bad decisions. I think there’s something more fundamentally wrong. But it’s like the song says “everything that kills me, makes me feel alive”"
175871303,Blue on black 1515
175871304,next time give him the finger lol
175871305,I used to think the news people could see me and had fake stories meaning it was things they wanted me to do
175871306,"I was on a wheelchair for 4 months before leaving to Korea. While I was there, nothing happened. And the police knows me because they brought me to the hospital before. I’m just worried that they put a warrant on me after I left…although I don’t even remember what I did."
175871307,"With all the power _NAME_ had, I wonder why they didn’t cure him. I mean I always thought the rich and powerful had access to certain technologies that would save his life. Maybe he didn’t want it or something…"
175871308,VR might just work. But headsets and other gear are so $$$. Still might save my pennies for a few months and give it a whirl. Is there anywhere you can try b4 u buy?
175871309,"I have to say that if it wasn’t for my mum pressuring me to get out to the shop i may not have dealt with this illness as good, i think it was helping me to challenge myself and to challenge my illness, I hated going out but the alternative would be never going out and just living in fear, the fear could have got worse idk maybe it was a good thing"
175871310,Because I'm not married and I still live with my parents. Everyone in my extended family thinks there's something wrong with me.
175871311,Why is it that people can hear my thoughts but everyone elses thoughts stays in their heads. I know they think as well. Why can people only hear my thoughts and know what im thinking? This is terrible.
175871312,Change your alarm ringtone to something more irritating and loud...or get one of those alarms that won’t stop until you do a puzzle or whatever. Or put your phone across the room if you’re turning it off that way you need to stand up to shut it off.
175871313,I feel slightly psychotic But I'm going to ignore it. Cuz olanzepine makes my heart beat weird. It's called the endless reality-psychosis-heart loop of hell
175871314,I like iced peppermint mocha and peach green tea.
175871315,"A memory recently came rushing back to me about how slowly I was to grow up… ‘Just saying’. Still you don’t need to have that wash over you too much; you should think a little bit on it though. It came to mind for some reason… I could be A LOT happier today… if I had today’s wisdom, back then. For you: You should perhaps: ‘Know your limitations.‘ And; ‘Don’t trust yourself so much.‘ And on the forum - stop saying just enough - in order to disappoint those - who want to impart what they’ve learned (the hard way, the long way.). We can help you be a happier person all things being equal, I believe in that. Let THAT wash over you. Successful if that’s a thing - But I doubt you think in those ways as of yet! Lastly I see some similarities in how I operated when I was your age."
175871316,"I am overwhelmed with issues. I am controlled by the phone,doorbell and time. I will have issues with people can not make such a change and are on the train towards dead end. When i jump of the train, for sure i meet eventually some people doing the same. I can’t stop the train from riding. Hopefully they are survivors, time will tell. When one man has the power to cause so much destruction with covid. We are powerful to heal."
175871317,best fat burner is exercise and cut out da junk foods
175871318,"Oh for sure, _AT_MENTION_. There’s a huge amount of social responsibility that comes with this illness. That’s why medication is so important-- we as patients are prime examples of how schizophrenics actually function, so basically following the “straight and narrow” is what’s best for us, given societal expectations and the loads of _USER_ID_ placed upon us."
175871319,That’s not a reason to take it if the person is rich and you saw it dropping from him. Everyone poor should take rich people’s money? That’s just wrong.
175871320,"You’re right in there’s a massive risk, anything could happen. I’m still trying to put my life and family back in order from the last psychosis that ended at the beginning of the week. So I see your logic. It’s just that I want the chance of a normal life and don’t want _PERSON_"
175871321,I hope it will clear up soon. Lately I've been getting rebound headaches and they suck.
175871322,I’ve done a few paintings - amateurish though striking. I’d like to do more art for the experience it gibes me. Writing takes a lot out of you. Also song writing with my guitar.
175871323,"Yes, I do hallucinate, auditory 3 or 4 times a week, visual 2 or 3 times a month"
175871324,"From the other things I experience, other people do notice. And, yes, doctors have said to me the words, “You’re a schizophrenic.”"
175871325,"When I was a kid I believed that I would go to heaven because I thought I was a good person. When I was 18 I believed that I would smoke marijuana with Jesus in heaven. When I was 19 or 20 I told someone that God sent me to live at the Midnight Mission in downtown Los Angeles. When I was 20 or 21 I was sick and prayed for healing and believed that Jesus healed me. I’m no longer religious but I did have a period of three nearly four years of going to church, reading the Bible and praying. Fortunately I was able to recognize my beliefs in the first paragraph as delusions and unusual beliefs and I no longer believe them anymore."
175871326,Best of luck from me too.
175871327,me to I have something similar just try to slowly not think about things like that just sort of casually distance yourself
175871328,Yea foods with low GI have more fiber.
175871329,Orange zinger herbal tea
175871330,You think so? Today I have no jerks. I take double dose
174322695,"But i think ive asked you if on low dose it give compulsive/impulsive behavior, you said yes right? Lets say 5 or 10 mg, i believe you were on 20mg?"
175871331,My condolences _AT_MENTION_. I’m so sorry for your loss. May God comfort you and your family in this difficult time and grant her soul peace
174322704,The other thing I would say about abilify is that I have had quite high anxiety at points. However that is better now that I have lowered it.
175871332,post deleted again.
175871333,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871334,"If you enjoy it, I’d call it a hobby"
175871335,_AT_MENTION_ I asked my pdoc for Wellbutrin. Supposedly it increases dopamine and is a ndri.
175871336,"My medications are just tools in my life toolbox that I use to increase my quality of life and live a longer life. I keep the ones that work and move on from the ones that don’t. Sometimes the transition can be unpleasant (like going off of Vicodin), but you just gotta anyhow. No point complaning."
175871337,"I weigh the pros and cons of my living situation when I don’t like what’s going on in the house. As long as the positives outweigh the negatives, I choose to stay here. But often, I dream of leaving.https://youtu.be/81NROmUb7o0"
175871338,"This is ridiculous. So fckn ridiculous. Beard hair everywhere, dirty clothes in the bedroom, bathroom, socks downstairs. Trash piled on his desk. Like??? This the shyt that’s annoying af."
175871339,The neighbors. Invading my home. They push and push and I try to handle them. They will do their mind games or power or whatever they are doing for a solid 15 minutes until I give up and then they stop. It’s just insane. Of course they don’t care if they’re driving me insane; the goal is to make it so I can’t fight back to anyone. For their own selfish reasons. Been this way for a year.
175871340,Yeah that kind of Believing to be something or Somebody is really a Normal thing in Schizo. But could you elaborate on “Im becoming really homicidal” cause i dont know how u mean that.
175871341,"Yes, but I don’t think they understand me, and I am not ready to talk about it with my family, maybe to therapist"
175871342,I would like to talk about depression
175871343,Thanks _PERSON_ 15
175871344,You would not last long in _NAME_...
174322700,I don’t eat that much but I like cheap n easy freezer microwave meals - I think my clozapine is making me gain but when I told my psych Dr he didn’t want to raise or lower my dose…
175871345,So you had the same experience?
175871346,Yeah I know what u mean
175871347,Be kind people. Respect.
175871348,Thank you…
175871349,Your intuition is more of judgement calls but are not voices. Intuition is more like a gut instinct telling you (not literally) that something is right or wrong.
175871350,I heard of an SZ guy who had a positive blood test for bartonella do Rife machine sessions for bartonella and got so well he was able to get off meds. Rife machines kill pathogens with their electrical resonant frequencies.
175871351,"No problem, my friend. I understand"
175871352,"Yeah, _NAME_. I’ve found it useful to talk to my inner self no matter how much it is ranting or raving. Books like No Mud, No Lotus by _PERSON_ have been useful in helping me connect and coexist with that part of me."
175871353,They did studies giving rats lsd and found it gave them schizophrenia like symptoms.
175871354,"If you guys are interested in an online quiz game vs ppl around the world, this is the best, I have played close to 1000 game now: play.google.com QuizUp Fun, addictive, challenging, online trivia, that has the best of two worlds. Sure, you’ve played trivia before. But, have you played a trivia where you can post about your interests on your favorite topic, make your own quiz and connect with millions of users who share your interest, worldwide? Join millions of players in a brain teaser that combines social network and trivia- QuizUp! Learn, grow and have fun challenging friends and players online on interests you’re best at. What’s more? ... Free"
175871355,I’m taking risperidone and finally can feel effects of coffee. Pre workout is too much for me
175871356,Well I’ll be damned!
175871357,"I’m just worried about the next 10 years. If nothing bad happens after those 10 years, I don’t think I’ll be paranoid anymore."
175871358,How has your recovery process been post diagnosis? Do you feel motivated to learn anything new. Personally I could not bring myself to learn something new because of lack of self drive and motivation.
175871359,That happened to me a lot. Only when psychotic.
175871360,Your trials and tribulations have already set you free from hell.
175871361,"Yeah, we are not apes, we are humans."
175871362,I’ve just received a text saying I’m eligible for it. I’m confused though. Has anyone else in the U.K. received this? I’m 25…
175871363,I took 5mg of olanzepine because I was feeling sEvErEly dysphoric. It kicked in within 30 minutes but now my cool thoughts are gone and I feel extremely sleepy. I just want to read and be like Bill _PERSON_..
175871364,"Stopping AP won’t probably make you diabetes make better, maybe a bit slightly. And even if it does it would make years to get noticeable better"
175871365,14 years is a long time. I remember EMS floppy disks.
175871366,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ . I appreciate your support.
174322701,Wow its the same statistic that I read somewhere. I think my pdr told me that too. Only 5% manage to live without meds.
174322711,Is the answer schizophrenia?
175871367,_AT_MENTION_ oh it’s perfectly fine…a lot of schizophrenics shouldn’t read the book…it was meant for families and education of normal people actually…
175871368,bought some sarcosine from brain vitaminz it doesnt taste sweet like my other stuff did is there something wrong with it or?
175871369,_PERSON_ chocolate with almonds
175871370,Yes. Pretty much.
175871371,I don’t do anything in particular.
175871372,"Borderline is a very controversial diagnosis in the US at least, because it is frequently used in a sexist way. A study showed that when two patients present with the same symptoms, men are more likely to be diagnosed with PTSD and women are more likely to be diagnosed with borderline. In addition, there is no accepted medical intervention for borderline, so patients with this diagnosis frequently get pushed off onto CBT therapy alone, and out of pdoc care. This leads to patients not getting adequate care, and having worse prognoses. I have personal feelings on the borderline diagnosis, which is that doctors use it when they want to absolve themselves of blame when a patient doesn’t get better."
175871373,Nice to see you _NAME_!!!
175871374,I’ve been on 10 mg for 24 years. I started gaining weight when I stopped working out. I gained about 20 lbs but it fits my frame. I drink a lot of coffee to fight the tiredness. Any less then 10 hours sleep and I’m miserable. Sometimes I sleep 16 hours at a time. I can’t sleep without meds. I become a major insomniac. I’ll stay awake for days on end. Longest I stayed awake for was close to a week. I lost count after the 4th or 5th day.
175871375,Today I woke up and took a hike and got a small mocha frappe from _PERSON_. I hope today will be stress free and productive and sleep early at night.
175871376,"I also don’t talk out loud when it comes to voices in my head. I rather like to keep it in my head, and even though they take my inner voice away sometimes I feel like talking my thoughts with my own inner voice is good."
175871377,"Remember guys, majority of people survive the virus. It’s not the end of the world if you have it. Not trying to dismiss the seriousness of it… But just a friendly reminder everything is going to be okay."
174322707,I have had schizoaffective disorder diagnosed for about 10 years and I’m alot better than I was then. 5 years I was a lot worse off. I had both positive and negative symptoms. I was constantly hearing things and seen gremlins these little monsters I still sometimes see
175871378,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ 46492104_2015687611803340_8581307484466053120_n.jpg 943×954 98.1 KB
175871379,"Yeah, next time pick the CIA for your delusions.lol J/k"
174322715,"I don’t think I will live long. I don’t want to live long. …I’m tired of life. I’m tired of the _USER_ID_, the disability, just everything. The only reason why I’m still holding on is because of my personal faith. I hate that everyone hates me- secretly- and I will lose everything because of my illness. I’m always worried about someone exposing me or reading my thoughts. I feel like someone’s going to know that I’m ill, and they’re going to talk about me to everyone and spread lies about me like how my classmates did. I’m so scared of living and I feel like everyone is talking about me when they’re around me. I’m constantly living in fear because I know that everyone hates me and surely I’m not likeable and only disgraced. I feel like I can be accused of a horrible crime, and be put to jail. I constantly have closed-eye hallucinations of people putting me into jail and beating me up and screaming at me. I hear people screaming and voices say that I am the worst person in 
the world because I’m schizophrenic. Nothing is worth it because I’m schizophrenic. And they tell me to jump off the window. All I know is that I just want to end my life. I’m just in so much pain."
175871380,I’ve wondered this myself. I know I have a deep fear of going back into that mind space
175871381,Nope! _PHONE_NO_
175871382,Good morning Om
175871383,That makes sense.
175871384,I used to believe sattelite cameras in the sky were following my every move. Then I finally realised I’m not that interesting.
175871385,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871386,where is _AT_MENTION_ ? He used to post a lot on this site. How are you? gratitude?
175871387,Am I fat? _PHONE_NO_
175871388,Wow!!! Thanks. 151515
175871389,"Another one just unfriended . We’ve made about 3 comments each and she says ‘When did you last have sex?’ . Yes I’ve spoken about that here , but I’ve known people here a heck of lot longer than I’d known her."
175871390,"That's me too! I started watching ghost videos by (_NAME_ Paranormal. But the recordings give me the creeps. I don't believe they're just ghosts around town, I believe if they're not in heaven, blissfully unaware of us, they're in the other place."
175871391,Tried quite a few and the winner is Prozac QQ !! What is your flavour??
175871392,"I should gotten some art supplies when I was home, I haven’t painted in forever...."
175871393,Might pay to change or try too _AT_MENTION_. I’ve tried a lot to get to a good space. Don’t settle and it’s always a gamble but sometimes it’s worth a go to try something else. I agree with _AT_MENTION_…talk to your doctor.
175871394,"Can I vent? I'm just tired of not having a job. I've applied to 15 or 20 places. All denied. Some online jobs, some in-person jobs. Most denied. I just say all denied because I haven't heard from any of them yet and I've been applying as far back as January. I almost have no hope for this peer support job. My dad never wanted to me to get a job in the past (even before disability) so thus I have no skills or experience. My only experience is really the one month job I had when I was 17. Idk if I should even count instacart anymore. I'm just so lost. Because I don't want to move back into my dads house."
175871395,Someone could frighten me to do as they say but I still wouldn’t believe they are superior but I might do as they say if it was incredibly bad but hopefully I wouldn’t.
175871396,"I'm lucky in the sense that I've structured my life so that no one knows how much time I spend alone. No one is close enough. Maybe only the lady downstairs from me knows...she has to, she can hear me walking around all day. But I've made it clear to her (in a passive way) that I'm not interested in being her chatty neighbor or maintenance man. The people who are close enough to me understand that it's just the way I am. They know better than to question me about it. I have no answers. I don't think normals would understand being alone for more than a day or so. Sometimes. If I spend a few days psyching myself up for a social engagement and the other person bails out at the last minute I think: Wait a minute!You're one of the sheep! You're not allowed to do that! That's my modus operandi! Like when it takes me three days to answer a simple email but if I send someone a message I get all pissed off if they take the same amount of time to respond. It is about expectations. But the balance is off; if 
I cancel an engagement with someone and they have to spend a night with no plans, I doubt that the boredom they might have to feel matches the discomfort I would go through if I honored the engagement. It's like normals are allowed a double standard. And I'm like an eclipse: if you miss that one tiny window of opportunity with me there won't be another one for a long time. Sometimes it works the opposite way. By performing a function, you are sort of in compliance with the way they expect things, and little by little, your right to perform on your own terms begins to erode. And if it's job related, and you do it well, they're going to want to squeeze more out of you because that's how jobs work. I'm the opposite. Social obligations equal anxiety. Ongoing social obligations mean anxiety with no end in sight, and no release valve, like a boiling pot with a tight lid that lets no steam escape. Sooner or later that anxiety reaches critical mass, the lid blows off, and it turns into the crazies."
175871397,My first and only hospitalization was a year ago. They had me for 3 weeks. I’d like to say I was bored but I was way too psychotic to be bored.
175871398,Remember that you matter and maybe he loves you despite that you should be really happy to have him
175871399,"My only instinct now is paranoia lol. I think human instincts are basic, fight or flight, eat, f*ck, get money, that feeling when someone is walking behind you."
175871400,Good on you for knowing when you need help. Best of luck.
174322714,My grammar and speaking skills and English comprehension has taken a huge hit. Same thing with my listening skills. But I tried to learn programming and computer science at a high level and it’s ??????? hard especially with schizophrenia. Learning new things is hard and especially retaining that information. There’s certain things I just cannot do like be an actuary.
175871401,Iv a feeling once your diagnosed that’s it. If you were ok you’d probably be considered in remission
175871402,And so are you
175871403,Working or volunteering will help with this......
175871404,If this worries you there are drugs available that have less propensity to cause diabetes. I suggest you make some changes there if you can.
175871405,Why do you say not to take one that is hemp derived?
174322712,"Sometimes i have negative symptoms yes, it was worse at beginning of AP treatment. I also think it’s more severe than “schizotypal”. Maybe esquizoaffective. I just think about this a lot of times because my diagnostic is not specific yet…"
175871406,I think I’ll go see a movie today.
175871407,I’m 50 and live with my dad. I help with bills and with the household chores. Works well for me as we are both on the pension so it helps him out.
175871408,"My fasting blood sugar was 121 this morning, too high. I started taking my Blood Pressure med again yesterday as my BP was 159/79. It is 131/74 this morning."
175871409,"Hello see121 If you feel like there are other beings in your physical body, that sensation is because you do not have full body awareness (one can have all kinds of weird sensations or thoughts and it always feels like its true, like for example when people are sure the government is after them or aliens will come and abduct them or when someone says someone stole pieces of their soul) Maybe there was a time when you were relaxed, you feared nothing and you didn’t think there were other people on your body You can go back to that relaxed state and stay that way all day if you try to do the exercise I mentioned in my other post, just sit on a chair and try not to think, this can be achieved by making a conscious effort to feel all your body You can try starting to feel the nape, then the chest and the hips, then you can let your intuition guide you to gain awareness of the rest of your body -it is like you start to feel like you are inside of your body and you can also feel its weight, sensations 
can be similar to when you just finished jogging/running/cycling, you feel full of vitality- It is like if you were trying to do introspection but in this case it is purely about the physical sensations of the body, not about a mental matter If you still have problems, while still on the chair, use your fingers to give yourself a massage exactly 4 fingers below the umbilicus, that is the main nexus between the physical and energetic body and will help to gain awareness more easily Once you have gained a little awaraness, you may feel like you can alternate between calmness and between perceiving something that can be described as a broadcast of thoughts that never stops and drives you crazy, well, you’ll have to learn to ignore the broadcast by focusing on your body Back in January I was so confused hearing thousands of voices screaming at me and perceiving these broadcasts of thoughts, I couldn’t concentrate enough to listen to what real people were saying, mental voices sound louder than real human voic
es, and following the method above I was able to go back to normal, now I never have these kind of problems Best regards"
175871410,And do you think that preventing negative thoughts is a wrong way to deal with them? Maybe one should just go with the feelings even when they are negative maybe?
175871411,"It could just be making it worse, might not be a good med for you?"
175871412,Ye that’s true I dono why I said that
174322721,"“If you talk to God, you’re religious. If he talks back, you’re schizophrenic.” Pretty much that. I’m a religious schizophrenic, and I don’t believe everything my voices say. They are mostly bullsh*t, especially when I am stressed."
175871413,That can’t be true because you would know for sure if you were the devil.
175871414,"I don’t think I can post that on here, I tried, and it said it needed mod approval, and then I never saw it again."
175871415,I tried crack once. It was fine. I did a lot of speed to produce more work when I was an artist like everyone else and it partially led to my first episode. After I got diagnosed with psychosis I gave up all drugs and I think that’s why I am able to function normally. My illness was very severe until I was properly medicated.
175871416,Why is that?
175871417,"Thanks I'll look into that, I was thinking maybe Red Dead Redemption 2 Just start off slow since I already have a backlog of games on my 360"
174322727,I have been on it for years and I find it helpful.
175871418,"I chose avolition. I hate being overweight, don’t get me wrong, but I’d rather be overweight and motivated- and therefore happier with myself."
175871419,Feel out of sorts. Fearful and a little depressed.
175871420,"I don’t discriminate against any Halloween candy, but I like Skittles and Starburst the most."
175871421,Well wouldn’t fearing things a lot be a type of stress? I’m like that too.
175871422,No but maybe in drinks or cigarettes.
175871423,I want to hug her tell her I’m gonna miss her. She 81 years old. My mom is falling apart. I’m gonna be around for mum. Love my gran.
175871424,"Grandparents are planning on an early supper tonight, which will screw up my schedule a bit."
174322720,"I think that’s a wonderful idea, I enjoy having someone to talk to. Mine is and older hippy lady, always has body glitter and tinsel in her hair, lots of life experience, been in the field over 40 years, and has a background working with schizophrenia."
175871425,Lol at the onion piece! Classic!
175871426,Good going _AT_MENTION_ !
175871427,Yeah. That’s how I feel _AT_MENTION_
175871428,"No, but now that I think about it it's been so long since I've gone to McDonalds or Burger King. Maybe I'll go sometime and get shake"
174322723,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Synaptic deficits in iPSC-derived cortical interneurons in schizophrenia are mediated by NLGN2 and rescued by N-acetylcysteine. A _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Translational psychiatry , Nov 28 2019 Human postmortem studies suggest a major role for abnormalities in _USER_ID_ interneurons in the prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia. Cortical interneurons differentiated from induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) of schizophrenia subjects showed significantly lower levels of glutamate decarboxylase 67 (GAD67), replicating findings from multiple postmortem studies, as well as reduced levels of synaptic proteins gehpyrin and NLGN2. Co-cultures of the interneurons with excitatory cortical pyramidal neurons from schizophrenia iPSCs showed reduced synaptic puncta density and lower action potential frequency. NLGN2 overexpression in schizophrenia neurons rescued synaptic puncta deficits while NLGN2 knockdown in healthy neurons resulted in reduced synaptic pun
cta density. Schizophrenia interneurons also had significantly smaller nuclear area, suggesting an innate oxidative stressed state. The antioxidant N-acetylcysteine increased the nuclear area in schizophrenia interneurons, increased NLGN2 expression and rescued synaptic deficits. These results implicate specific deficiencies in the synaptic machinery in cortical interneurons as critical regulators of synaptic connections in schizophrenia and point to a nexus between oxidative stress and NLGN2 expression in mediating synaptic deficits in schizophrenia."
175871429,Gross abnormalities are rare so you can have sz without any physical indicators. I’ve seen my brain from a scan and I’ve asymmetrical ventricles. Sometimes enlarged ventricles have been reported but it’s rare. I’ve had several mri’s and a ct scan and besides the ventricles no problems.
175871430,Peace of mind and sanity!
175871431,hope it goes well for you
175871432,"Kind of splurging for lunch. It’s only 418 calories for the whole thing (4 servings), but I’m not sure how much I want to eat. It’s really good, though. Wish I had had a tomato to cut up and put on it. IMG_20191026_130044.jpg 4032×3024 2.18 MB"
175871433,"I’ve been having a rough time for months now. I slept for about 4 hours and had trouble getting back to sleep. I was feeling anxious and then I heard voices that wake me up. I’m getting vivid images and dreams around the same time.I’ve heard about hypnagogic hallucinations, but this is persistent. I’m getting concerned about it being more than that. I tried a different couple places recently to see what’s going on. They really didn’t give me an answers. I’m going to have to check somewhere else."
175871434,"I was looking at my left arm, arcane runes, geometrics, 3D cube and rings. They all have divine meaning to me, a connection to higher powers. My tattoo artist also has voices, he thought he was god as well, and that we were kindred souls, both connected in what we truely were. I’ve worked with him for years, every time I go to my family’s place in Hawaii. We waxed divine beings, experience, the fundamental pillars of matter creation, reality. Whenever people ask about them I can only respond that it represents my faith, I don’t want to scare them with a load of crazy. Also have my angel wings tattooed on my back, I’ve had dreams and misplaced memories of them being torn off, sometimes when I’m sick I can feel them, stretch them, feel whole. My hummingbird tattoo on my calf represents the messengers of the gods, speed, endurance. Got it as a memorial for someone close to me. I know the beliefs behind the tattoos may not be grounded, but there you have it. Tbh I’ve been tempted to get som
e classy face tattoos. Something small on my third eye. Anyone else with strange beliefs around your tattoos?"
175871435,Bananas are good for potassium
175871436,"Yeah, life ain’t bad, it gets pretty interesting. And thanks _AT_MENTION_ , that cheers me up."
175871437,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
175871438,And what was your conclusion?
175871439,Possible trigger: My boss just came in here and pretended to shoot himself in the head. Talk about triggering!
175871440,Can I join please?
175871441,Have you considered cutting it down?
175871442,"She didn’t say actually, I haven’t taken it this morning. Worried about walking into the therapist office dizzy."
175871443,"I don’t get that smell, but I have had smell hallucinations when going into psychosis."
174322734,"Psychiatry Advisor – 7 May 20 Can Language Disturbances Act as a Biomarker for Schizophrenia? - Psychiatry... Language disturbances in patients with schizophrenia were significantly associated with negative symptoms, and white matter integrity in language tracts was predicted by quantifiable speech patterns."
174322731,"Hello! I have been on 20mg of olanzapine for about a year now. It has helped immensely with the voices and paranoid thinking. The problem is I sleep all day and have zero motivation. My Dr. added Saphris to the mix in hopes of lowering the olanzapine. Does anyone else have experience with these two meds. I’m on other meds as well, but I’m curious about these two, especially Saphris. Thank you in advance."
175871444,Glad you’re back home with your husband. Marriage is beautiful.
175871445,"Good luck, Hope it works for you!"
175871446,"The more you run from your problems, the more burdens you’ll carry. If you attach a snowball to your foot in the wintertime, it’ll only grow bigger once you try to run away from it."
175871447,"Thank you for the rational post _NAME_, but the Many coincidences that I’ve experienced from the start of my illness leads me to believe it is real people. I still can’t explain how they see out of my eyes."
175871448,Everyone is different but Cariprazine put me in the psych ward for over a month. Didn’t work at all.
175871449,"Hello, I’m still here."
175871450,I’m sorry you’re struggling. I hope your med change helps very soon.
175871451,The only requirement for A.A. is a desire to stop drinking.
175871452,"You really don’t know that for sure. Psychosis passes, things change. Life gives you chances and opportunities. Things often get better. You worry about society, society is made up of individuals. Some are good some are bad. Some are tolerant and others aren’t. You can’t lump the whole society or country or world into one entity that’s not going to like you. Some people really are jerks and ignorant idiots but just try to avoid them and focus more on the many, many good people out there who don’t cause trouble."
175871453,"Health Canada is informing Canadians that two unauthorized health products (listed in the table below) were seized from Next Level Fitness, in _NAME_ #130 - 12560 Bridgeport Road, _NAME_, BC V6V 2N5 and at #108 - 13569 76 Ave, Surrey, BC, V3W 2W3 Surrey, B.C. The products TRT (Testosterone Booster) and Freak’n Test (Testosterone Enhancer) were labelled to contain a prescription drug substance (L-Dopa) that may pose serious health risks to Canadians."
175871454,I’ve been mocked for my weight since putting a lot on due to meds but honestly? I don’t really care. I’m determined to get healthy but pleasing other people is not a reason for my losing weight at all. They can get ?????? lol.
175871455,Smoking wasn’t so bad in VA at 5.50 a pack. Here in CA it’s 10.25 a pack. My motivation for quitting is purely financial. I consider smoking half a pack in a day instead of a full one a victory.
175871456,"My notes dating back to the early 1980’s mention poor oral hygiene . I’m very bad at remembering to brush my teeth. That coupled with teeth grinding and not going to the dentist much due to dental phobia means my teeth are in an awful state. My stepdaughter inquired about dentures for me, but then Covid hit the UK a few weeks later."
175871457,I drank because I liked being reckless
175871458,I’m an organ donor and want to be donated to science. Once they are finished they cremate and return ashes to the family.
174322735,"I have a good cry or grief period coming to terms with everything I have to deal with such as episodes, meds, negative symptoms, not being like everyone else my own age, and other challenges. Might want some wine or comforting thing to go with that and it may take months. If you can’t be sad about it, I don’t think you’ve truly accepted it. Plus the next stage for me was rebuilding life again and that meant finding work, friends, relationships, mental health services, things I liked to do. I give my friend as an example. She has an internship and currently is over half way through community college and has a part time job and internship. She also has a bff, which is me."
175871459,I’m reading a book about that right now. My daughter bought it for me.
175871460,"So, with therapy, do your alters become more apparent or less apparent? Focusing on trauma can bring back, and reinforce, bad memories in my opinion. Therapy worsens it or makes it better is my concern."
175871461,I’m playing _PERSON_ on Android atm.
175871462,I think i pass for normal most of the time. I asked my gf if she can tell i have MI from looking at me and she said no.
175871463,So how old are you now was your birthday a while back.
175871464,"It's 4:14am eastern time. I could just stay up again, because I love seeing how the sky gets lighter from about 4am on. I seem to have lost my silicone end caps so I guess I'll have to stand up and look again. Thinking how I feel so much better now, I don't know how I'll make it until lockdown loosens. Nicotine helps me so much. I'm feeling a little punchy but I'm hungry for breakfast."
175871465,I’ve had ten hospitalizations. I’m still waiting for a response. It’s been since December.
175871466,"I can only imagine everything you are going through right now. I have a dual diagnosis of BPD and BD type 1 and As much as I use my DBT skills and therapy and mindfulness/self-care, meds are an important part of my treatment. Is there anything I can do to help? I’m always here to talk."
175871467,Ok so the lab did do the wrong thing even though the order was right. I'm gonna have to go today or tomorrow and get blood drawn again
175871468,"I’m sorry to hear you’re having a bad spell, especially when you’re the one having to bring home the bacon. I was in a similar situation but I lost my job. Please look after yourself. Take some time out for yourself as needed. I hope you feel better soon."
175871469,_AT_MENTION_ you are better at explaining the ideas of reference and finding patterns where there are none. He is trying to link various phrases with his idea to try to prove he is right but nothing supports his delusion. Can you try to explain it better than I am?
175871470,Kudos for you to be able to acknowledge the small wins
175871471,Wow. That’s a really high fee. I hope you didn’t overdraw!!!
175871472,Meds helped me control my anger a LOT.
175871473,"There must be something good about me listening to this much music all day every day.. One sec let me Google.. ""Music Increases Happiness. ... Music Improves Performance in Running. ... Music Decreases Stress While Increasing Overall Health. ... Music Improves Sleep. ... Music Reduces Depression. ... Music Helps You Eat Less. ... Music Elevates Your Mood While Driving. ... Music Strengthens Learning And Memory. Music Increases Verbal Intelligence Music Raises IQ and Academic Performances"""
175871474,I have done this a lot of times. I get so bad off with being depressed and stressed out I get scared.
174322732,"Of course, not all of the visions are caused by others. When I was delivering pizza, it was common for me to see customers riding in my car. Playing off the schizophrenia was really a challenge back then!"
175871475,"Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_ . Yes, each med has it’s own side effect profile. And even with the same med, different people will have different side effects. It’s all just personal trial and error unfortunately."
174322742,"These are common in sz, I wanted to be homeless and flew to a far country, isolation even from my family, irritable, violent, etc Are you on meds?"
175871476,"_AT_MENTION_ Imo, that’s the worst way to deal with quitting smoking. Maybe somewhere down the road, yes, but not right away. Moderation of dopamine would help like walking , or decaf coffee, but not something intense like exercise. They sell 1mg lozenges on Amazon which is like half a cigarette. It helps tremendously. You should check It out _AT_MENTION_"
175871477,I don’t enjoy it. Something is bothering me. I still have the _NAME_/matrix but it’s mild
174322737,Watch the movie Anon.
175871478,Random people calling me a whore and hoe. This goes on everyday. I wish I were idk. I don’t deserve this.
174322738,This will be my next order nuts.com Organic Acai Powder | Acai | Nuts.com Our organic acai powder is USDA certified. Made from super fruits with tremendous health benefits. Available by the pound with same day shipping!
175871479,"yes a mindreader can know or hear my thoughts from anywhere on 'earth'. it can be intolerable the way they deny it too or just stay silent about these things. it is intolerable walking past people knowing they are listening to your thoughts sometimes. it is intolerable to not know if you are speaking to a non-telepath or have ever even met one. I don't know why you can't pm me back, but they've messed with me on my mobile phone, tv, radio, movies, music, emails and online so many times that it is not a surprise. everyone in 'hospital' including staff and other patients in my experience were also mindreaders and they messed with me there too. when I die, I might just die and still have no answers as to anything. all in all it is quite annoying! best of luck"
175871480,Thankyou. 151515
175871481,"Hi Ish, long time no see !! How are you girl ? How’s your life lately ? Apart from the obvious which you said above… for which I am sorry to hear. But you’ll bounce back and be stronger than before, I am sure of it."
175871482,dc631d1bb32fc4b576c9c2ff22e8f002736×736 101 KB
175871483,Love Trilafon.
175871484,If its catatonia it get rapidly relived soon after taking benzodiazepines like lorazepam (ativan). If it have no affect then its likely not catatonia.
175871485,Also here’s some other I’m looking forward to that I think you all would like. *Eastward is made by the same people who made Stardew Valley btw.
175871486,"Memories are made by how many times you have recollected it. Only way to forget an issue not to think and talk about it. Planning to make use of memories well, from being a consumer to seller."
175871487,Well... I'm doing what my psychiatrist said to do.. which is try out physics courses online and see how I do.. I'm doing a physics course right now. I took 7.5mg of ZYPREXA (Olanzepine ^^).. And my stress is GONE. My stress be gone.. I can focus without PAIN.
175871488,I am right there with you.
175871489,Give it a chance. It is a great med.
175871490,I hope it isn’t permanent either _AT_MENTION_
175871491,I am getting kinda famous in my country. I’ve been on radio and television several times. In the Netherlands
175871492,Your not alone I know how it is I used to party everyday of the week and I still do occasionally mainly outta boredom it’s something am working on because at the end of the day it’s not good for you especially when on medication
175871493,"This isn’t exactly new news but it’s new to me, so I decided to share. SCZs have trouble regulating their body temperature PubMed Layer upon layer: thermoregulation in schizophrenia - PubMed A review of the relevant published literature regarding disorders of thermoregulation in people with schizophrenia was undertaken. This entailed a search of the Medline and PsychINFO databases to 28th May 2003 using the search terms ""schizophrenia... This is a problem because body temperature controls circadian rhythms for the whole body PubMed Temperature as a universal resetting cue for mammalian circadian oscillators... Environmental temperature cycles are a universal entraining cue for all circadian systems at the organismal level with the exception of homeothermic vertebrates. We report here that resistance to temperature entrainment is a property of the... And Circadian rhythm dysfunction is linked strongly to mental illness PubMed Circadian rhythm disruption and mental health - PubMed Circadian rhyt
hms are internal manifestations of the solar day that permit adaptations to predictable environmental temporal changes. These ~24-h rhythms are controlled by molecular clockworks within the brain that are reset daily to precisely 24 h... I don’t know what the moral is but I guess this (body temperature/Circadian rhythm dysfunction) another piece of the SCZ puzzle. I also read a little that chronic stress can cause body temperature dysfunction. I couldn’t draw a clear connection though. It would certainly make a lot of sense if true. Stress leads to body temp dysfunction. Body temp dysfunction messes up Circadian rhythms. Dysfunction Circadian rhythms leads to a lack of sleep which leads to more stress. IDK . . ."
175871494,concentration to stop my shaking. And recognizing pain due to just being tense.
175871495,"If you use an android phone sometimes the ring tone default change due to updates, also due to degrading file."
175871496,"It is one of the best I’ve found. I just can’t get depressed as much as I want to sometimes. It always gently lifts me up, like I naturally should. I don’t think I would have done so well w/o it in the past 18 years. That was my worst problem, but then it just somersaulted from deprivation. My doc said I could take it for the rest of my life and I have increased it twice with my docs’ permission of course. Elavil was good, amoxapine was good, the other one like Paxil levitrol or… in combo with AP- passable. _AT_MENTION_"
175871497,Oh I have also hallucinated bugs visually and felt them on my body.
175871498,what does he mean with wobbly?
175871499,you must be making bank !! well done !!
175871500,Do another major? My second major choice was nutrition. I majored in kinesiology.
175871501,"Back at my apartment, gonna go to sleep early because im exhausted"
175871502,Thanks _AT_MENTION_!
175871503,me too......
175871504,"I’m a manic bipolar. I’m 23 and I have no friends. All the friends I get they like me at first, then I say some fucked up shit to them somehow or they do something minuscule when I’m manic and I go off. My brain never shuts off. All I hear all day in my head are thoughts I do not want to have. Literally anything in every category. Anything I don’t want to think about, I hear it on repeat. Things that aren’t even real. Constant shame all day. I cheated on the love of my live 2 times and sent dirty pictures out several times. I told him about it and now I have deep guilt for everything I do and I have to be honest about everything all the time. I really struggle with the fear of death though."
175871505,I have type 2 more depressed longer periods of time etc. My mania can be sometimes very minimal and under we r the radar. Used to self medicate causing more problems. I have struggled a lot. Been on a lot of medications. Right now I'm on a combo that has worked best for me and its been abt 3 years. Latuda and Effexor. Idk y but it helps. _PERSON_ to help me sleep haha I never sleep.
175871506,My positive symtoms are mostly gone due to anti-physcotics But it seems like my will power shuts down when I try to get up from bed
174322751,My mom refuses to take care of her health in general. She's 49 and has a rod on the back (lol step on a crack break your momma's back. my moms back is already broken) because of scoliosis and they doing that surgery when she was younger She rather swallow tones of ibuprofen and not go to a doctor about her back pain. I know one thing though. I can't make my mom do things because she is her own person. I worry about my mom that will never go away. But like my mom your mom is her own person. You can't make someone do things. Sometimes it's best to give advice and give a listening ear but she has to want to change.
175871507,"Id love to hear your findings and pick apart your brain, i can’t send DMs can you?"
175871508,Looks like fun _AT_MENTION_
175871509,"even though self hatred aren’t healthy, but what you felt isn’t wrong to began with. Emotions are illogical to begin with. Everything that you have become right now, all has a reason behind it. Glad that you know the reason and overcame it. _NAME_ a.k.a lordarous"
175871510,I am in Quebec Canada.
175871511,"That must be weird, who is _NAME_?"
175871512,Splitting dose into morning and night stops manic symptoms but makes me depressed. I read that APs can cause depression by lowering dopamine.
175871513,"Nope. Morality depends on culture, religion etc. Sex per se is not bad imho. Promiscuity is seen as bad by some people; some sexual fetishes as well. But as I said, my focus is elsewhere."
175871514,"I have a picture from a few years ago with me wearing a santa hat, and an inappropriate mask that predicted the pandemic at Christmas Snip20201122_21154×1050 201 KB Yes I should have been working, but it was the festive period"
175871515,"I get scared of police officers too, especially in _NAME_. Had one come to the door once telling me to be on the lookout for a guy who was flashing people in the area. I told him I’d keep an eye out and call if I saw anything but I never did."
175871516,Sorry for your loss _NAME_. I hope that you will do well with your decision to remain independent I’m sure you will
175871517,It's working on my laptop
175871518,Im trying to reason my way out of this belief but i cant shake it off. I think they want me crazy and not improve because they want to cover up a nasty secret about their agents or they want to punish me for being too unwell to join one of their informant networks which i reject. I have a history of ideas of reference but every time i make improvements weird stuff happens. What are ways to counteract this belief? I go on here for support but unfortunately two online stalkers seemed to maliciously post psychogical profile details which triggered my ideas of reference again over the past weeks.
175871519,"I like doing that too , it’s fun to learn"
175871520,Thanks _AT_MENTION_!!!
175871521,Do my work and stop complaining as if I am deliberately being wronged. Have a healthy and happy dinner this evening with my family. I think I will watch a football game in the evening. I hope it does not make me psychotic.
175871522,Did we make the machines? or did they make us? That’s the difference.
175871523,"If you drink an Epsom salt solution you might throw up, and feel better later. I’ve done that before."
174322741,I had no idea about any of that. I try not to offend anyone. I’m sorry it sounded like that. I have absolutely no knowledge of what you’re referring to. I’m sorry it happened to you though. I guess I just worry too much about what other people think. It’s hard to convey your true meaning via text too.
175871524,Stress and trauma mostly
175871525,I go to school full time at a good school in a hard major. I owe my success to going to school online. It gets a bit lonely but I am able to handle more like this and I have been getting straight a’s and am thinking about graduate school. (sorry if I am coming off cocky I just want you to know it is entirely possible within limitations)
175871526,Ok bud. I understand. Will be here if you ever need me
175871527,"If you like the taste of coffee, then drink decaf. Caffeine is horrible for mental illness because it speeds up our system which in turn causes our already faulty thinking to go into overdrive. People with MI shouldn’t drink caffeine, period."
175871528,Nope. Normal childhood here. A bit introverted and absent-minded but socially able and good grades in school. No imaginary friends. Onset at 30 yo.
175871529,"my approach was originally like that then eventually became - If I hear voices , good or bad just pay no attention to them. because a voice can start out nice but can turn on you at anytime."
175871530,Yes. My husband is 6’6” and can find compression socks large enough for him so there’s definitely different sizes.
175871531,… She lowered my Depakote dose down from 1500mg to 1000mg. She also told me that I can take CBD without any THC. She also asked me if I’ve taken Zyprexa and Seroquel before. I think she knows that I’m open to changing APs - risperidone is very harsh on my body. She mentioned Geodon. Overall it was a positive session.
175871532,I can’t stay afraid of babies forever. It’s time to learn how to treat them.
175871533,Oh man. I’m so sorry. Do you have somewhere safe to go?
175871534,That’s great friend
175871535,"I made another beat after getting a ton of inspiration today, but idk, I think it turned out alright but I was expecting more What do you think, keep it?"
175871536,People have always told me I am good at painting.
175871537,The size of my penis is in my head. Its my self confidence. I am not a p0rn star.
175871538,how to tell about it to a doctor? i want to get off these meds
175871539,It can go either way.
175871540,"I'm so hungry today, doing my best to eat healthy though"
175871542,"Glad to have you back on board, buddy Slip-ups happen, don’t beat yourself up. Try to learn from it, if you can."
175871543,?n my case its better to film a potato for 38 years.that would be realistic to describe my situation.
175871544,Cool. I really like them both!
175871545,What’s the story with Klonopin? Would it be better to take the pill during the day ? I know it helps with panic attacks but I don’t know much else.
175871546,"I completely understand. I do a good job pushing through my depression and am productive. But, inside, I am a mess. I cry a lot, hide so no one sees me cry. I feel like a failure and worthless. But, others will never know it because I go to work each day, clean my house, take care of my daughter, and other things.... but inside, I just want to give up. I want to crawl in bed and wake up 10 years later."
175871547,"Same here. They didn’t use restraints in the hospital I was in, just put you in your own little room with a bathroom and a mattress till you calmed down. A couple people did get chemical restraints, the _NAME_ thorazine or haldol shot. I only saw it happen to people screaming."
175871548,"There’s nothing wrong with her billing. She needs to get paid for doing her job. You aren’t the one paying, so it shouldn’t matter how much you call."
175871549,"lol, me too this pandemic is crazy, when vaccine comes out this next year it go back to normal. Dont worry it will done soon."
175871550,"Mmm, they just brought me a donut and hot chocolate. We're still quarantined. Feels like forever. Tapatalk got fixed, so I'm glad about that. Horribly, I'm craving a cigarette again. I want a Kool because I'm getting into menthol vape juice. I'm very glad that I bought the extra bottles of juice in September. I hope another one has menthol too. Vapewild is probably still out of most of their juices and supplies. I am really getting into their flavors so of course they don't have them anymore. I wish the Myle cartridges were still available in the US. I love how that thing feels in my hand. So of course they quit the US. I'm going to ask my friend to get me a Juul again. It's the only aio that's available. I hate to give them money but I'm pragmatic, and I've really gotten into the aio systems. I think I've had too much sugar today."
175871551,"Nothing wrong with drawing images, or with reposting things here."
175871552,Only if you have ADHD. I’m in the process of seeing a doctor and getting a diagnosis.
175871553,But it’s only for the prostate cancer or for all type of cancer ?
175871554,It will destroy your brain. Super bad idea.
175871555,"I got a piece of mystery mail today. I was afraid at first, but I no longer believe it's hate mail. I haven't opened it yet. It's probably something really boring and mundane. But how often does one receive a card or letter from a stranger who writes ""personal"" on the envelope. I guess I'll open the card tomorrow maybe. I wish I had some Klonopin."
175871556,"Pff, what a pain… maybe some people here have conversion disorder as me… keep fighting, contentlion…"
175871557,"Subway. I worked the from 1994 to 2000. It’s so different there now, right down to how to cut the bread. But I hope I learn all the new things quickly. I start tomorrow"
175871558,"Geodon, paxil, wellbutrin, and buspar"
175871559,"No answer? Yeah, I made my mistakes… Try to save a person which brain was destroyed since an early age… Nobody cares anymore… Idk if my meds will help me… I’ll try to see about this swallowing thing those days…"
175871560,I suppose when I realized the scars I was putting on my left arm weren’t fixing anything.
175871561,I just deep cleaned my bathroom. Took me ages but it is the cleanest it has been in years now. Just 3 more rooms to do in the house now.
175871562,"I got addicted to stims as a young adult, one psychiatrist told me they could have been an environmental trigger for my SZ. They’re bad news man, steer clear."
175871563,"That chart isn’t true. We already got our check, and that chart says we shouldn’t have gotten it until July."
175871564,Ok thanks. Take rest
175871565,What does It means when an AP is activating?
174322749,"yeah, I already know the damage it can do. a schizophrenic told me in the hospital that she loved smoking but it made her symptoms worse. it had the opposite effects for me though. i’d get psychotic when i was running low or out."
175871566,"Chiming in to say that the flushing Niacin made me manic one night, I had such rushing thoughts and voices, it was pretty bad. Never took it again after that. It’s bad for undermethylators, since Niacin eats up extra methyl reserves, and I ended up in a very anxious state. Might normalize overmethylators, but that’s hit-or-miss. IMO if you have to take Niacin, take Inositol Hexanicotinate, which releases slower and is pretty liver-safe. Don’t take a brand that says “slow-release” on it, that’s bad for the liver."
174322746,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Are socioenvironmental factors associated with psychotic symptoms in people with first-episode psychosis? A cross-sectional study of a West London clinical sample. MS _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, I _NAME_, _NAME_, _NAME_ and _PERSON_, BMJ open , Sep 2019 18 To determine whether neighbourhood-level socioenvironmental factors including deprivation and inequality predict variance in psychotic symptoms after controlling for individual-level demographics.A cross-sectional design was employed.Data were originally collected from secondary care services within the UK boroughs of Ealing, Hammersmith and Fulham, Wandsworth, Kingston, _NAME_, _NAME_, Sutton and Hounslow as part of the West London First-Episode Psychosis study.Complete case analyses were undertaken on 319 participants who met the following inclusion criteria: aged 16 years or over, resident in the study's catchment area, experiencing a first psychotic episode, with fewer than 12 weeks' exposure to antipsychotic medication and 
sufficient command of English to facilitate assessment.Symptom dimension scores, derived from principal component analyses of the Scale for the Assessment of Positive Symptoms and Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms, were regressed on neighbourhood-level predictors, including population density, income deprivation, income inequality, social fragmentation, social cohesion, ethnic density and ethnic fragmentation, using multilevel regression. While age, gender and socioeconomic status were included as individual-level covariates, data on participant ethnicity were not available.Higher income inequality was associated with lower negative symptom scores (coefficient=-1.66, 95% CI -2.86 to -0.46, p<0.01) and higher levels of ethnic segregation were associated with lower positive symptom scores (coefficient=-2.32, 95% CI -4.17 to -0.48, p=0.01) after adjustment for covariates.These findings provide further evidence that particular characteristics of the environment may be linked to specific symptom cluste
rs in psychosis. Longitudinal studies are required to begin to tease apart the underlying mechanisms involved as well as the causal direction of such associations."
175871567,I'm tempted to get some pumpkin donuts. Maybe on the weekend I'll head over and get some. But they have apple cider donuts too. Difficult choice. lol
175871568,It was a surprise going into the ward for wanting to die yet I got slapped with a psychosis nos label. I must have been saying some crazy stuff. But now I am relieved that I am being treated with meds fairly well. I’ve had the sza label for the last ten years.
175871569,"yea that is nice… watching youtubes about it. But if you really want to follow a course about it then go for it, if you have the money to spare for it of course that is."
175871570,"PubMed Sarcosine as an add-on treatment to antipsychotic medication for people with... People with chronic and non-refractory schizophrenia may benefit from the use of sarcosine as an add-on treatment to antipsychotic medication. Due to the good tolerability of this compound, future trials with larger sample sizes appear worthwhile."
175871571,Lots of love your way!
175871572,"What would think would be other Topics for this virtual forum category about Commonly Held, Usual beliefs?"
175871573,Remember the crisis lines. They can be a big help at two in the morning.
175871574,Exactly what I was thinking. It is a suspicious little prick that crops up when you least suspect
175871575,Maybe the agitation is from caffeine withdrawal?
174322756,So anyway Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_ What you’re experiencing has a name. It’s called “delusions of reference” and is a common symptom of schizophrenia.
174322755,Then latuda may be a better try than ablify. Latuda have no those hyper issues.
174322761,"I think anti-depressants are more dangerous than AP’s. I tried the same one that _NAME_ was on when he commited suicide. Don’t remember it’s name, but I didn’t like it. It made me feel funny, and like I got like a false sleep. It pretended to give me a good nights sleep when I didn’t. I’m no expert on anti-depressants, but I will never take one again. A lot of herbs have antidepressant effects and they have little to no side effects, that is much better in my opinion."
175871576,"Its been years I haven’t been to university but there are 3 energy systems. ATP-CreatinePhosphate, Anaerobic Glycolysis and Aerobic Glycolysis. Fat needs oxygen to be used for energy. ATP-CP is best for highest intensity exercise. Anaerobic glycolysis is for moderate intensity and aerobic glycolysis is for lower intensities that lasts longer. en.wikipedia.org Bioenergetic systems Bioenergetic systems are metabolic processes that relate to the flow of energy in living organisms. Those processes convert energy into adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is the form suitable for muscular activity. There are two main forms of synthesis of ATP: aerobic, which involves oxygen from the bloodstream, and anaerobic, which does not. Bioenergetics is the field of biology that studies bioenergetic systems. The cellular respiration process that converts food energy into ATP (a form of en..."
175871577,_AT_MENTION_ thanks for being so kind. I have a good therapist and mentor who I’m sure will help me through it once Monday comes. It’s just the interim that’s really hard the fact that it’s a weekend. I’m just really upset and hurt.
175871578,"Yes I have my own set. I’ve been playing more lately, so hopefully I can keep it up. The reason why I haven’t practiced a lot is because of my suffering. Thank you"
175871579,"I remember that commercial on TV for proactiv me and friends bought it, it just dried the heck out of my face"
175871580,"Forcing it. Had to fake it till I made it, was no way around it for me unfortunately. My meds helped me a little with motivation, but in the end it was me that had to take all the necessary steps to reintegrate into society. Takes time and is extremely uncomfortable for awhile, but its worth it. And for the love of god please do not do what I did at first and cope with alcohol or other drugs. Does not go well. I have faith in you, so long as your symptoms are managed with medication and you can summon the motivation, you can do this!"
175871581,Screenshot_20200805-220817_Samsung Health1080×2280 227 KB Calling it quits for today. One hour of house cleaning on top of this.
175871582,"I gained 75 pounds in 3 months on Zyprexa. No, I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone. I think it should be taken off the market."
175871583,glad to see you writing again Good one dude.
175871584,Did you forget
175871585,I refused go on tv because I thought I was ugly. Mothers should teach their daughters they are beautiful. Mine didn’t so I felt ugly when I saw a picture of myself working. I lost my job because I had such low self esteem in front of a camera.
175871586,I sleep about 12 hours a day on Zyprexa as well
175871587,"The most effective medication for me was celexa, but it still didn’t help a whole lot at the highest dose. So then we tried zoloft, and that helped even less. Now I’m trying prozac which will hopefully help more. I’m struggling real hard here lately with my OCD and anxiety."
175871588,Well done! What kind of work do you do? Do you enjoy it?
175871589,"One day I forgot to take my noon meds. Later at night, I couldn’t sleep even though I had taken the night meds"
175871590,I love the name Freya for a girl!
175871591,"My husband handles the money. But what he gives me to handle myself, I save some each month so we can buy Christmas presents"
175871592,My mind hurts. I just want the day to be over so I can sleep.
175871593,"Treatment and management are 2 different things Cause like will the power of ""Postive thinking "" make the voices go away? hell nah. But can a healthier mindset about how to handle things that are stressful help? You bet! Same with meds. Can meds suddenly fix everything in your life so you’ll never have a bad day ever again? hell nah. Can they drastically reduce symptoms? Absolutely. Learning things such as grounding techniques, and distress tolerance can be very helpful in managing symptoms. Because many people are not 100% symptom free even on medication. The goal of therapy is not to “cure” or eradicate symptoms. The goal is to make symptoms more manageable when they arise. Basically the point is coping mechanisms can help, yes there are simple ones like wearing headphones when hearing voices to lessen the impact. But there are also much more involved things like CBT (which does have variants specifically for psychotic symptoms) Also therapy can help a lot of us from falling into unhealth
y coping mechanisms, Which many of us struggle with. Treating meds as the only viable method of management I believe hinders many of us from seeking other things that can help us improve further. Like yeah if meds are helping heck yeah but it’s also helpful to have some tricks up your sleeve in case you’re having a bad night."
175871594,That is some seriously bad advice. Magical thinking.
174322758,"No, no. I wasn’t alluding to schizophrenia being part of the equation. All the males in my dad’s family are befallen of something or another. My dad killed himself 19 years ago. Uncles are drug addicts or hypochondriacs. Grandfather was an abusive prick."
175871595,"Sometimes i feel my experiences are not taken for granted, because i have a mental disease. I think, that other people, even friends and family, says to themselves: “Well he might right about that, but he is not entirely to be trusted because he is also a bit schizo.”"
175871596,Awhile back I got “Take a chance on me” by ABBA for several days. Drove me crazy!
175871597,I escaped a hospital once and the back of the gown was open lol. Then the police came running after me and eventually caught up and pounced on me haha
175871598,"Everything interferes. That’s the problem, isn’t it? So you meditate to not be bothered by thoughts."
174322750,At least I feel it so.
175871599,Interesting. Sounds like PTSD?
174322764,hopefully it works for you everhopeful …abilify is supposed to be very effective
175871600,do you think an app might be doing it? It never happened before. my brother probably could and would i wouldn’t put it past him. When i called his number i once had a recording come on if i want to speak to him the call would be recorded… i don’t think he has the time to listen to my phone calls but he likes to make fun of me with my sister who hates me behind my back. they really do i’m not imagining it.
175871601,I love unicorns. Can’t wait to see how it turns out
175871602,Oh no. Sucks! Still praying.
174322762,"en.wikipedia.org Rebound effect | Antipsychotics Sudden and severe emergence or re-emergence of psychosis may appear when antipsychotics are switched or discontinued too rapidly. en.wikipedia.org Supersensitivity psychosis Supersensitivity psychosis is used to discuss the spontaneous occurrence of psychotic episodes and/or the appearance of tardive dykinesia in the wake of anti-psychotic medication withdrawal. Such spontaneous episodes have occurred even in patients who never had psychotic episodes before beginning the medication. Studies using clozapine have found significant evidence. Larger discussions of withdrawal from other antipsychotics usually focus on tardive dyskinesia, a far more significant and long..."
175871603,That’s so lame. I wonder if uts a 100%thing
175871604,"There’s something about it I don’t like, I feel like they can read into my soul, that they’ll be able to see my inner most. It’s something I can only do when I’m feeling more brave, and even then in short bursts. It’s more comfortable with close family, but the further the social circle, the harder it gets and the more scared I become. “Eyes betray the soul, and there is thinking” Rings true I suppose. How do you feel about eye contact?"
174322754,No abilify works differently to other antipsychotics. What are you on now? Were you on abilify ?
175871605,"I’ve never run a group before, so running a laughter yoga group would be a challenge, but I think it’s something I could do. The exercise itself seems simple, just get everyone to force themselves to laugh until the dynamic takes over and they are all laughing naturally, but actually being the leader or facilitator of a group seems daunting. There are some videos on youtube of how to run such a group which I want to watch, and I am also wondering about what sort of things to say at the beginning in order to put the group at ease and tell them what to do. I would really like to do this. I’ve wanted to attend a laughter yoga group for some time, but since there are none in my area, I thought I could run one myself. So the first thing I need to do is watch the videos, then put an application into my recovery college to run such a group. I don’t feel any urgency to do any of this at the moment, but it is a goal of mine. Thank you."
175871606,"Yes, that happens to me too. It’s like my thoughts are loud, like I can hear my thinking. Also, some of my thoughts sound like they’re coming from different areas in my brain. I thought that was the voice of OCD, but I was wrong. I self-diagnosed with OCD, but I made a huge mistake. I’m really good at psychology; I’ve studied it a lot; but I ignored the fact that we are all partial to our own minds."
175871607,Gravesend - Stone Sour
175871608,The best medicine won’t work when i don’t change my attitude towards life. The doctors say : drugs are bad.
174322757,"I’m thinking of switching to clozaril, but I’m always afraid of the withdrawals. How would they do it when the half life of invega is so long and drug interaction is major? Drugs.com FazaClo and Invega Sustenna Drug Interactions - Drugs.com A Major Drug Interaction exists between FazaClo and Invega Sustenna. View detailed information regarding this drug interaction. I don’t think I want to go thro anything major cause I have to work"
175871609,Living.. with zero common sense.. lol
175871610,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_, _AT_MENTION_ would like this thread closed"
175871611,I lost my libido a few years back and I’m a healthier person overall. But I was prone to risky behavior so it’s for the best in my case. For a normal person you shouldn’t have to settle for low libido as a side effect if you don’t want to. I mean it’s sad.
175871612,My wife loves _PERSON_. She was one of the 27 club I believe.
175871613,A peppermint tea (hot).
175871614,"5 weeks is tricky, you should felt relief on the day of injection like relief of agitation if you had it. It usually takes 1 month after injection to start working properly and YES klonopin can help, I use it for sleep and panic attacks. That is one Benzo that actually helps with anxiety and paranoia, it has long half life and is quite soothing-relaxing. But dont get hooked on it!"
175871615,I dunno but I just finished the series Ozark. Wow.
175871616,That’s outstanding _AT_MENTION_. I think landscapers will likely have a booming business during covid since landscaping is a nice home improvement that can be done safely since it’s outside.
175871617,French toast and sausage for breakfast w/ fruit and coffee
175871618,i was on lithium for bipolar and it made me develop hypothyroidism really fast.
174322760,"I’m in training for freelance web design. I actually have the skills to do some of the work now, but I spend 4 hours 3 days a week in php at a group home. I worked 4 months temp at bvr work program at Goodwill. 3 months full time in the shipping area. Despite making 50 cents an hour I worked as hard as possible every day. They hired a guy with depression who wasn’t particularly energetic. I felt used and exploited. It isn’t many of us who are successful with work. A lot of it is discrimination. The statistics bear this out."
175871619,And don´t you get psychotic cause of it?
175871620,You need to stop listening to “some ppl” and listen to your doctor.
175871621,The force is strong in this one
175871622,"depends who is driving i guess lol, like i can be in control of a car but if i didnt take meds i wouldnt be in control of my mind. so who is in my driving seat is my next question"
175871623,"lol, right. it’s a best seller movie every day for me as well…"
175871624,_PERSON_ I love it that I get my paycheck on the day I dont work for the week. But I gotta try to save it for moving.
175871625,Yes but they call me mathematically gifted
174322770,"I have severe negative symptoms, I stay in bed all day everyday, only get up to eat, I became obese gaining 155lb. My pdr said there is no meds but coffee helped me not sleep all day and stay on this forum in my bed."
175871626,I hate having psychotic depression because no one wants to love me. So I’ve just decided to love them instead instead of hating others 24/7.
175871627,Making homemade seasoned potato wedges tonight
175871628,Why wouldn’t i notice it?
175871629,"God doesnt hate you, thats probably the illness."
175871630,"Hey. When I had sexual dysfunction from meds, my doctor prescribed Buspar to counteract the effects. It didn’t work for me, but we have different anatomy so it might work for you."
175871631,How did you get it? I’ve been trying for the past couple weeks. I heard my county health department had it and I spent 2 hours hitting redial trying to get through. My doctor said I didn’t qualify yet only essential workers and elderly.
175871632,Hi everyone. I went a saw a psychologist years ago and he told me about keeping the voices in the background and remaining focused on what you are doing kind of like a camera. I am now able to think about other things I would rather think about other than remaining focused on the things the voices want me to be focused on. for example if the voices are being bad to me or attacking me verbally or causing me emotional pain I put my thoughts elsewhere so that I am not concentrating on their negativity kind of like meditation. Hope this may help anyone who is reading it takes practice but I think it will benefit in the long run.
175871633,Don’t panic. It wasn’t the smartest thing to do but it will wear off pretty soon and things will get back to normal. IDK what “normal” is though.
175871634,Try this minus smashing your alarm clock. https://youtu.be/ap2tZH5N1ZM
174322777,"Hi, _NAME_ When I was an Engineer in the Joint ventures of GM. we always discuss about the manufacturing issues of auto parts with the Engineers in North America by faxing… later till now, I have been working in a local company in Shenyang, China. In 2006, I search online about the mental health forums, and joined a forum Mytherapy which is located in Canada. I think I talk about the mental health issues and what i do cannot affect the security of China. So, I can post here, I think."
175871635,"Believe me, if we genuinely thought you didn’t belong/were faking, you wouldn’t still have an active account. Simple as that. We think you belong here, but you also need to learn how to follow rules and treat others with respect. As long as you continue to treat others badly, you will continue to run into consequences for your actions. But when you are just asking for support, like now, you get support. You may also want to think about trying to support others when you are feeling better."
175871636,"Let’s be real, It doesn’t matter what you want at this point because you’ve been ordered the shots. So just accept it."
175871637,OK you got me There were some great personas _NAME_ was one of my favorite though also
175871638,My dad keeps me going. I try to enjoy the little and simple things.
175871639,my water taste better then yours…
175871640,Yeah I did that. It’s just that it doesn’t work for my voices.
175871641,"Lower an IQ and takes 10 years off of our life. I recall my father with the condition and he's mostly there except for his deep psychosis and hygiene. I don't know how he lives with it. He hasn't even seen the last _USER_ID_ or the newest one and he indoctrinated that into me as a kid. He's a hermit, a recluse. So will I if I ever can't work. I have this community though."
175871642,I have like a whole cliff of pumpkins.....idk what I’ll do with all th Halloween stuff after it’s over lol...guess I’ll sell it....but maybe keep a Halloween room in my house
175871643,"I’m going to go back to bed now, hope you’re getting enough sleep, Gnight."
175871644,You ever get a brain scan or EEG?
175871645,Welcome back ! I’m very sorry to hear about your grandmother.
174322773,"Schizophrenia can happen to anybody, I read that it happened to Drs, psychologists, etc I am a physiotherapist and it happened to me too."
175871646,"I was having a video chat with a friend and as soon as she saw me she flipped out and said I looked like I was experiencing dyskinesia. She’s familiar with it from her own experience and watching film clips of patients in ab psych class. She said my face was “mask like”, and my expression shifted oddly. And she also said I sounded kind of slurred and incoherent. Nobody else has ever told me anything like this. Now few people know I’m taking an AP, but I still think someone else would’ve noticed by now. Can dyskinesia be intermittent? Should I take this seriously? I’ve been on Risperdal for 20 years, but off and on. I don’t think Risperdal is supposed to cause TD, so I’m a little dubious. I haven’t called my pdoc yet because I don’t to start a ???? storm, nor do I want to miss any work. Any suggestions about what I should do? Does anyone have any Youtube clips I could look at to see if they match my expressions?"
175871647,"“Hello, sun is murdering me.”"
175871648,"if you think the virus is going away in a “couple months”, I have some sunny beachfront property to sell you in Florida"
174322771,"Also, just wondering, but if _AT_MENTION_ is your actual name, I strongly recommend changing your username on here to something more anonymous. Schizophrenia is one of the most stigmatized illnesses in the world, and this forum will pop up on google searches. You can pick anything, as long as someone else isn’t already using it or it doesn’t violate community guidelines about profanity/religious elements. I can change your name for you, just let me know what you want."
175871649,"“Mental burp or two” ha ha. Ask your Doc for a large dose of an SSRI antidepressant instead. I swear I am just so happy now. I am able to leave the house, drive again, go shopping, my cognition has improved and I can converse with people again. My anxiety was killing me before _PERSON_."
175871650,That’s okay but thanks
175871651,You totally deserve respect _AT_MENTION_ it is your basic right. You are right about that. I’m sorry you are stuck.
174322766,"Yes I agree its not completely due to good/bad habits. But habits have a huge role to play too. For example watch your daily activities. Is it almost same every day? Forget about daily activities consider you wake up same time every day with a help of alarm clock. You tend to wake up few minutes before alarm ring after many days. Reason is you developed a habit to wake up at that time then waking up at that time got easy. Same way if we develop small small good daily habits we can reduce the lack of motivation, interest created by negative symptoms. Its not a full solution but aids you in doing those. On the other hand if develop bad habits and follow them daily then that bad habit aids in preventing you from doing daily activities. So double effect both negative symptom and bad habit. We can eliminate the role of bad habit by replacing with good ones so effect is reduced."
175871652,I read that matcha tea lasts like 3-6 hours.
174322779,Certain infections from viruses and bacteria and malnutrition during pregnancy are proven to cause sz but these are rare. Sz is 80% genetic according to cited sources on Wikipedia.
175871653,"No, I’m afraid of being delusional. Sorry for the misunderstanding."
174322778,Existential dread is not depression
175871654,Can you post how you did it and I will do the same. I saw this too
175871655,I don’t like the out of control sedation that Klonopin makes me feel. I keep Klonopin on hand for Emergency reasons only. Benzodiazepines are helpful for short term use only in my opinion. If you are prone to drinking alcohol or have an addictive personality then benzos may not be for you. There are other non addictive anti anxiety drugs like Gabapentin or Buspar out there.
175871656,Do you have some artwork to show us?
175871657,"Hi, I just wanted to post because maybe someone might help me. I’m really going crazy due to the voices. I hear this one voice that keeps calling me names and cursing me over and over again. The voice says I will go to hell. I’m praying that the voice will go away. It’s really bad tonight for some reason. The voice says I will die soon so that is why it is cursing me so much today. The voice is laughing at me and calling me names and cursing me out. I’m trying to ignore it as best as I can. I took my pills but it is still bad. The voice says that I’m a bad person and that is why I deserve to be cursed. Thanks for any help, _PERSON_"
175871658,Lol. Hilarious!!!
175871659,"We said before,the voices be heard by the person with sz is ultrasound wave not in the rang of the sound wave (20 Hz-20 Khz),because: the wave remains existed inside the conscious mind and does not moving to anywhere ,and the person must make mental effort to get rid from the static wave in order to avoid the impression of the cognitive content of the voice inside the personal memory and becomes a natural part from the self-knowledge of the person !"
175871660,Yes! And _PERSON_. Had to use subtitles for _PERSON_.
175871661,"Depends on how fast I take courses but I want internships etc so could be up to four years, it’s only 36 credits so it can be finished in a year if you’re fast but I don’t think I have that in me tbh."
175871662,I’ve never met anyone from Turkey before. I admittedly don’t know much about it. I am terrible at geography and world cultures!
175871663,Had panic attack.
175871664,These are the two sides of the bag I bought.....
175871665,"what are you talking about, nobody gives that diagnosis, an assessment?"
175871666,I am trying to walk on the treadmill for two hours in the morning tomorrow. I hope I can do it.
175871667,He’s 64 years old
175871668,I know I have more voices before my shot is due. I don’t really feel like I’m jonesing for it though.
174322782,I consider it my fate to have gotten schizophrenia and I am fearful of cancer so my choice is that I would much rather be schizophrenic.
175871669,"I am the same way whenever something like that is happening. I also have a little dog and have the irrational fear or her getting out and/or stolen on top of her barking and jumping. Just try to think how nice it'll be once the work is completed though! Like they mentioned above, practice your self-help skills and try to remember it's only today and tomorrow your routine will return to normal. Wishing you well."
175871670,"I’ve been interested in time travel ever since I first started reading Doctor Who books as a child. I have experienced it in bouts of psychosis, both relativistic time lines traveling at different speeds, and jumbled time lines, in which the order of events were jumbled. I’ve never experienced going back in time, except if you count _NAME_. I looked up _PERSON_’s hat, it sounds interesting"
175871671,About ten times. They were lucky to have me.
175871672,the combination of clozapine and risperdal consta has saved me for sure. I feel better than i did in long time. Things really improved a lot since being on that combo.
175871673,"I never smoked tobacco or MJ. I still became psychotic. D***, I’m unlucky!!"
175871674,You didn’t answer my question about childhood
175871675,"Very bad, gained 165lb, taking meds for high blood pressure, high cholesterol and diabetes. I am only 30 y.o. recently. I stay in bed all day everyday, only get up to eat and play videogames once or twice a week."
175871676,"My father business isn’t open and I am stuck in my wife’s hometown so I don’t have any work. I workout,eat and sleep mostly.What are you doing during this period of the time where most people are in quarentine?"
174322780,"No, when I increased dose, I couldn’t speak"
175871677,I’m glad you contacted your primary physician. Follow their advice and don’t go.
174322784,"Thank you so much! This was above and beyond what I was expecting to see! Now if we could just get this stickied so it doesn?t get lost, I had no idea there were so many in the pipeline targeting negative symptoms and cognitive issues."
175871678,"I keep ending up using my old _NAME_ behaviors again. Possible trigger: purging yesterday and trying to restrict too the past few days I don't know why I want to lose weight so badly. I'm 147 lbs. I've lost 15lbs on Metformin, I should be satisfied. But old habits keep coming back. Somewhere in my head I think I have to weigh a lot less to be happy. Anyway, I started posting in the What are you eating? thread again to hold myself accountable. I don't want my eating disorder to come back."
175871679,I organized my friend’s closet and went grocery shopping.
175871680,Its possible but doesn’t always happen.
175871681,"well depends what level of autism is it, level 3 needs treatment fo sure"
175871682,"I must re-iterate, I have no money to pay a doctor. Otherwise I would be pouring my soul to them and not into the Web. More importantly, my government absolutely seriously intends to close all mental institutions in near future. One of the two most developed clinics in the country is months since closed. Therefore I do not want to rely on a person who can just abandon me at any time. I am sane-enough to read a book, if you could recommend one that is intended for broad audience and not narrow specialists."
175871683,"Well government medicaid might cover it with pre authorization or something, and I know physicians can get samples and patient assistances works for those without insurance."
175871684,Good luck!
175871685,It’s a trick. They use cheap coffee beans that you’ll taste the flavors more if it’s not burning hot
175871686,"I see her in 2 days. Maybe I’ll wait then to tell her, but if it gets worse today then I’ll contact her right away. Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_"
175871687,"she didnt realise her area code was attached to the number she gave me so she asked me how i knew where she was lol, it was completely innocent, i just said it was a wild guess, so i asked her if she was coming over to the uk and she said something about the coronavirus, i think i’m going to side swipe this one, _AT_MENTION_ i’ve had a couple of women who claimed to be in the military, i did not disspute that claim but i didnt think i’d be compatible with a woman like that bc she might be a bit bossy and too dominant for me."
174322774,"It should be based on presentation before treatment, which does raise the question of whether long term treatment is needed. Once you’re on a med regime, it seems very hard to get off it due to the nasty withdrawal symptoms if you go too fast Have you been taking additional treatment for mood, other than the standard SZ meds (AP’s)? This is all pretty much academic, and I am guessing they’re just focusing on the presenting symptoms that you currently have Don’t forget they write everything down in your notes, so it seems that whoever it is that has made this decision must have gone through your history for a significant amount of time to arrive at this conclusion. I would try and confirm if this has happened, and if not, I would be contacting PALs to report this person for negligence as they should not ???? with people’s labels unless they have done their homework and can prove a proper case for this."
175871688,I dont know why I read about that _NAME_ icke bull ???? I hate the voices always trying to lord over me and control me and they never gave me strait out proof that their wat they say they are and expect me to belive them they always control every feeling and thought I have and say its proof but I say its demons or just my head messing with me idk but I get alot of coincidents and my voices say they chose and created me as a joke for this and iam the weakest being that was the only one in the universe that failed there tests it sucks it feels like iam living in a nightmare their hard to ignore and always make me talk to them and always have some thing to say about some thing and keep reminding me of every pleasure that I have like iam gonna pay for it they also say that iam typing this for nothing cuz your all a fake mind illusion and iam living in some sort of mind matrix that I can’t get out of cuz I failed the test that I told them I didnt want any part of in the first place. It sux the voices s
ometimes sound like some thing you hear when you die or realy loud like I could feel them in my head no med has helped me so far and the voices just keep getting more demanding and loud every day
174322775,Wellbutrin and Abilify can work for negative symptoms. Abilify improved my negatives by 40%.
175871689,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871690,1600 calories and even with this I am slowly but surely putting on weight.
174322783,Best years… maybe my high school years until 2008. My worst year is definitely the one when this Schizophrenia came to my life.
175871691,I may end up leaving PHP early... I'm at AA right now and I keep dozing off... I'm going to try to go to PHP still and hope I can do it tho. I need to see the doctor.
175871692,"Well, the best way to fight the illness I find is to excersise regulary, eat healthier and keep active, getting out of the house and going for walks help me a lot… Also to find the treshold for your medication so you take the minimum dose you are able to function on in cooperation with your doctor."
175871693,comononon1920×1080 778 KB
175871694,good afternoon…I hope to hear more soon as I am getting a new hearing aid. i am deaf in one ear and extremely hearing impaired in the other. i will submit a poem time next. i have to find it on my tablet. _NAME_
175871695,yeah thats how it worked for me last time
175871696,"Oh, ok… thank you both Maybe I am a bit swollen but it’s not a big deal… Oh, zeno, idk… am not ready for a boyfriend"
174322788,"Actually apathy and negative symptoms eases up social anxiety. I was extremely social phobic before negative symptoms started. My heart beats faster, gets super nervous, voice tremble, remain muted and hard to raise voice etc. But as my negative symptoms worsened especially blunted affect no longer afraid. But now the problem is no more interest to socialize. During social anxiety interest is there but fear prevents it now no fear but no more interest. Need to force myself if want."
175871697,"I’m just finishing up work. Then I’m going to do some exercises and eat lunch. After that, I’ll take a shower, straighten my hair, get dressed, and put on makeup. Then I’ll be out the door to go get my allergy shots. I need to call Dexcom, the company that makes my continuous glucose monitor. When I was putting a new one on last week, I started bleeding everywhere from the sensor application. So, I need a replacement. I also need to call the specialty pharmacy to start my order of my next Invega Sustenna shot."
175871698,Someone should write full confutations for _NAME_ books.
175871699,I really like this forum btw really nice people I dig it
175871700,"_PERSON_ i agree, i need a professional opinion to help me with out this fear. thanks i really appreciate your help."
175871701,Yes we can talk…
175871702,Sorry lose weight.
175871703,To me that would be relieving. I’m not trying to be known for having a mental disorder.
175871704,I think a lot of society is founded on ableism. Once you are considered to have a disability you are considered to be less than average especially in intelligence. I read in a book that a lot of _PERSON_ patients back in the day were usually of higher intelligence and usually had to settle for partners with lower intelligence most of the time. Though now I think _PERSON_ affects people from high to low IQ’s.
175871705,Or amazon KDP.COM they publish your first book free
175871706,How long did it take?
175871707,Voices _PHONE_NO_
175871708,"Neuroplasticity is very cool. Anyway, I painted my nails"
175871709,Oh thank you very much _AT_MENTION_ and early Happy Birthday to you.
174322785,"I think my psychosis stemmed from weed and also genetics. I’m currently debating with myself if I want to try and lower my medication or even switch medications due to EPS. Everytime I’ve tried lowering my medication, I get violent and suspicious. My parents have been encouraging and are willing to try and support me if I decide to lower my medication or switch. As far as I know I don’t have any positive symptoms. I do have negatives that I believe were caused by my AP."
175871710,I’m afraid my pee problems are due to age. But I know it can really be annoying. You have my sympathy and understanding.
175871711,It's not even summer yet and I'm so ready for autumn and winter. I hate hot weather
175871712,I love that quote.
175871713,"I need those knives for work. But yeah, I should leave them at home because they can be used as a weapon."
175871714,Lots of stimuli makes me paranoid. Sounds also amps up my paranoia.
175871715,Not 100% sure but when I just had controls on I couldn’t log in. Turned them off and all was back to normal
175871716,I agree with dearzombie. see both but stop seeing the public clinic. good move…
175871717,My uncle just died at 78 years old and was a type 1 diabetic. He didn’t take care of himself for SHI.T. When my uncle was diagnosed diabetic as a child at 14 years old the doctors said he would only have a few more years to live. This would have been 1954. He died in 2020. Stay on the meds. But if your that worried about it talk to your doc about it. _PERSON_
175871718,Sex drive was normal on Zyprexa too.
175871719,I didn’t do well on latuda. I’m in perphenazine now and it’s working better than anything else has.
175871720,Yeah I understand. She lashes out and takes her frustrations out on us. It’s unfair to us though. I don’t say anything otherwise I’m the asshole. It sucks.
175871721,"Today I woke up, took a shower and going to eat breakfast and drink coffee. My friend is going grocery shopping."
175871722,I don’t like you losing a sense of self respect.
175871723,Do you think such low dose could cause a weight gain?
175871724,Lucky you! _AT_MENTION_
175871725,"I didn’t wasn’t even aware of that. That’s ridiculously dangerous,"
175871726,"Atomic habits, I’ve been on the wait list for this forever and it’s so good already ?"
174322786,"Looking back on my childhood, I don’t know if I was ever normal. I always had OCD and anxiety issues as far back as I can remember, but I didn’t think this would happen. I do remember when I was not schizophrenic, which wasn’t too long ago. My life was good. I was going on a good path with my education and relationships with people. I still smile when I think of all the funny stuff my friends and I did together at school, those were better days. But now I must face a new reality and a new life. I’m not the same person I was before, but that doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy life."
175871727,"I read an article by a Japanese academic in Cuba who heard the crickets talking, he concluded that it was an ability specific to Japanese, to actually talk to animals in your head, I’ve only heard the birds elementals mostly, once I hear the actual language I will be impressed."
175871728,"They’re insanely expensive, it’s 2019 they should be like $99 a pair. It’s not like they’re using cutting edge technology. My mom tried to get a pair and they wanted almost 3 grand, lol."
175871729,"Hey everyone, Just wondering if anyone else feels like their general level of happiness has taken a hit these days. I know it's the middle of a pandemic. I just feel like my happiness has gotten destroyed these days. It's just so odd, how circumstances like these can get rid of people's happiness, including mine. It doesn't feel like depression either, it's just overall unhappiness. I don't know what it is. Is there any way you all have found to cope with feelings like these? I am interested because I am currently apparently not doing enough to curb these feelings and I'd like to do more in order to help myself."
175871730,"_AT_MENTION_ , I also have a problem with late night snacking. I don’t know what country you’re in, but I’m in the UK and I like to get the mini snack cucumbers from _PERSON_. They are lush!"
175871731,Why not try injection? Can’t mess them up and less side effects.
175871732,I feel a lot of food anxiety. Mother really wasn’t a very good feeder. I’m stupid on the subject.
175871733,Try taking Melatonin with your regimen. You can get it over the counter.
175871734,"I remember when I was a child I went to my father because I couldn’t open my eyes. I have no idea what was the reason, or if I even had my eyelids closed at the time. My voice says “maybe we were messing with you back then” (as in controlling my body or/and mind, like “they” do nowadays)."
175871735,When can i get rid of the shot though
175871736,"Also remember just to literally never give up. EVERY writer, even the big name classic authors in English class, collects possibly HUNDREDS of rejection letters before a publication. I collected about 50, a combination of rejections of my book and rejections of my singular short writings. But if your work is good, in the end, it will get published."
174322796,The side effects are too much; too damaging. My neurologist and my psychiatrist have to work for my best interest. It took me years to lose the 65 lbs I gained from Risperidone and the side effects from that were horrific. It tricked my body into thinking I was pregnant. I started lactating and I stopped my menses for 14 months. Haldol causes problems along with almost every other anti-psychotic I’ve tried over the last 25 years. I have so many other health problems and familial cholesterol I cannot take other anti-psychotics. I developed gastritis from medication side effects and I have terrible stomach pains and cannot take pain meds for my fibromyalgia or nerve pain. I am on a special diet for the rest of my life. The only one that is effectively treating me doesn’t rid me of all my symptoms but it makes my voices nice and controlled. I don’t have visual HallucinatIons or have grand delusions or feel persecuted and my other symptoms are not as severe. I can function with ease where others d
on’t notice.
175871737,"_AT_MENTION_ When things are going well, we become afraid of the future and hard things happening. Please don’t self-sabotage. Bad things might happen, but you’ve grown as a person, and you will handle them differently this time around."
175871738,Did you gain weight by eating more?
175871739,No I’ve only done vinyasa I think
175871740,Thxs 2liv4 will support u as well.
175871741,"Just did some translation of articles on Wikipedia. It's a good way to practice. You can publish your work, too."
175871742,"hi _AT_MENTION_ , hi sardar how r u?"
175871743,How many meds did you try at high dosage?
175871744,Maybe write them a letter? One of those letters with stuff already written on them.
175871745,"That is why the Doctors and the therapist were not responsive. They said I have LDs. They just couldn’t work out the symptoms. They didn’t realise not being able to learn the form of the gym exercises, dance steps, etc would in fact be a rare effect of the diminished executive functions. But, I have worked it all out now. If my Executive Functions become better, I would just get better and better at Mathematics and Biology. The brain is a muscle. All it needs is impetus with the right medications. I was fortunate to have Auditory Hallucinations as otherwise this illness would have progressed further and further. It did destroy my executive functions, but the reasoning part remained in tact. If it were to diminish early, I would perhaps have been diagnosed earlier in life."
175871746,Thankyou leaf. Its mostly situational so should clear up within a fortnight…
175871747,"Don’t forget the veggies! Avoid Juices and Sodas, even diet sodas. Drinking more water than you’re used to will result in eating less overall. Often times, when we think we are hungry, we are really just thirsty. Best of luck!"
175871748,"And yeah Stardew Valley is so much fun. I’m on my third year and got the galaxy sword already. I haven’t played it in a while though. I’ve been playing the sims supernatural + seasons. Moonlight falls is a dark, gloomy, and foggy city then add season expansion there will be rain as well hahaha"
175871749,I haven't been telling my parents anything about my financial situation because they both will get on me. I smile and grin when I talk to them. Act like everything is ok. When its not.
175871750,"High intensity exercise Work my shift Eat healthy, try not to over do it."
175871751,Please don’t go off your meds _AT_MENTION_ it’s not a placebo.
175871752,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871753,I share your feelings and thoughts. I am over 60 and have been fighting depression my entire life. I would like to wake up and be glad to be alive. I too have tried several meds and then they stop working. I wish I had a good answer for you. I will be thinking about you and praying for the best.
175871754,What does that have to do with the article?
175871755,I do smoke a cheeky cig when I’m extra stress and that does help but I’m trying to stop.
174322800,"Abilify,Latuda,Rexulti, and Vraylar"
175871756,"Thank you for your comment Spiderpig. This belief in a hive mind or super consciousness is something I also share, it is one of my models for cause and effect. But I wonder why I only experience it sometimes at such high intensities with a focus solely on me. Why would the hive mind be concerned only with me. I have found asking yourself this question when you are actually experiencing being the centre of attention is very difficult, and even reinforces the symptoms because it is seeking to justify them in a chain of cause and effect. I do think there is something to be said for it coming from a desire to be the centre of attention and also to allow people to judge you as opposed to you judging yourself. I think I really want to be judged a success, and this is why I want to experience being judged by others, but as I said, I always seem to experience being judged harshly or negatively, and this probably comes from all the negative judgments I make about myself, not least being ill. What this has t
o do with bio-chemistry, I don’t know. I think the bio-chemistry aspect is that which enables us to experience it. Many people probably judge themselves badly or want to be the centre of attention, many people also have a belief in super consciousness, it was one of the theories of _PERSON_ for example, but though they have these desires and beliefs only a fraction actually experience thought broadcasting. I don’t like to blame the bio-chemistry, but understanding it can help, not least with choosing the right medication. Thanks once again for replying. Thank you."
175871757,It sounds like you’re grieving for this resident. That’s only to be expected. It sounds like a tough line of work.
175871758,lol. well that joke backfired.
175871759,I feel like I cant breathe well. Like anxiety. I'm so stressed out.
175871760,"I take a herbal mix of black walnut, wormwood, ginger, garlic, myrhh and oregano. Works for me."
174322805,Saying they’re reading your mind points towards schizophrenia man. Sorry.
175871761,I hope it goes well for you!
175871762,Woke up feeling really motivated. Cleaned the apartment then changed the litter box. I didn't go for a walk in appointment though. I woke up at the right time but dragging myself out of bed at 6 to walk in 10 degree weather was extremely unappealing. I'll try to go one day when it's at least a little warmer. I feel really good
175871763,"_AT_MENTION_ I hear you. I believe that my brother is _PERSON_ but we didn’t know what that was 30 years ago. He did get teased for being different. Even my mother called him strange because he would talk about things like the Black Hole. If she encouraged him more and helped him, I believe he could have achieved great things in his life and felt success."
175871764,I'm getting my hair cut at 4 PM. I can't wait. I washed it last night so it wouldn't be gross. Less than 2 hours to go.
175871765,"A dead battery in my car; I think I’ve had better gifts before. I was at work today and I ate lunch in my car and when I went back to work I left the keys in the ignition. When I got off work at 4:00 pm I discovered what I had done, the battery was dead. I called my roadside assistance service and they told me the next available guy would be available to give me a jumpstart at 5:30 pm. So I sat in my car in the parking lot with no radio and no jacket as it got darker and colder and most of the office workers had left. He finally got there but he almost couldn’t get in the gates. Anyways, the guy finally helped me but man, it was not how I wanted to spend the evening especially because I hit heavy traffic on the way home."
175871766,"Sounds like could be depression. You really need to ask for treatment for this, it’s really impairing your quality of life and function. You deserve better."
175871767,"HAHA IM excited bra, im going get tattoos, going to be shape, is going to my year. Transforming myself. YEA BUDDY"
175871768,"Ask Yourself, What is “reality”, What is, “illusion”, What is YOUR Personal Reality?. What is YOUR Personal Illusion?. What Matters to YOU, And Why Does it Matter?. I Am Saying Her Thoughts And Personal Beliefs (That She is Sharing to All of us), is IMPORTANT. To Me at Least. Because…, Spirituality…, Makes Complete Sense to Me, in a Universe Filled With, Chaos, And Judgement. And Her too, So it Seems. Have a Great Morning, Noon, Afternoon, Evening, And or Night. (_USER_ID_) Argument Over _AT_MENTION_, Good Luck With Your Life!."
175871769,I didn’t sign up for this life. This year is going to be horrible. I can feel it. Nothing can be the same. I’m thinking about ending my own life. But it’s considered a grave sin in my religion but I can’t help it because nothing can be the same. I’m surrounded by potential abusers that could go wrong when I interact with them. I can never trust anyone. Nothing can be the same. I’m done with this ????????.
175871770,Risperidone is a bit more potent than paliperidone. Paliperidone is less sedating than risperidone. I switched from risperidone to paliperidone years ago and I had to switch back to risperidone because paliperidone was making me too anxious. They are very similar on paper but there are enough significant differences between them in real world situations. I prefer Risperdal over Invega any day. Invega did not agree with me. Everyone reacts differently to these drugs. Good luck _AT_MENTION_
175871771,"Starry Night is the title of a famous painting, but I don’t remember who the artist was. I have an Associate of Arts degree now, and had art appreciation. Your art is really good."
175871772,I think I may need one too. I have like six blankets on my bed and my husband always complains of getting hot. I just like the feel of the weight. It may be time to invest in a weighted blanket for comfort’s sake.
175871773,Good job on going 5 days without smoking.
175871774,Cannot predict now
175871775,"Hmm, I’d have to go over my blueprints for that."
174322807,"Um, the third criteria is delusions. I’ve never heard voices or hallucinated things but my paranoia and delusional thinking got me my label of schizophrenia. Look up the definition of “delusion” and it might be a cue as to why you might seem delusional to an objective doctor. People, myself included don’t always know how they come off to other people. Thinking you might become god and destroy the universe seems like a pretty obvious red flag that your thinking may not be as rational as you think. You can always rationalize your thinking as being probable but it just sounds…well, delusional."
175871776,I was bullied my ex boyfriend _NAME_ and my whole life
174322812,How do they know it’s 25 percent of the genes of sz when they haven’t found the other sz genes? You know what I mean?
175871777,"I am so grateful that you have made it through these incredibly trying times, nix. Awesome job!!!! I know your kids are grateful, too!!"
175871778,"I never take more than my pdoc orders for me. I just have no choice (when I can’t sleep), but to get out of bed and pray and read and maybe watch a movie until I am tired and then take my morning meds at about 4 am in the morning, and then go to sleep."
175871779,"Kemadrin is an anticholinergic drug which might be affecting memory. Ask your doctor if able to lower its dose to see if its contributing to memory issues. If doctor refuses then try to take a supplement which improves acetylcholine. These include omega 3 fatty acids, phosphatidylserine, lione’s mane mushroom etc. Omega 3 is the safest and natural one and also cheapest."
175871780,only reason why i used benadryl because I can get that at the store. I'll see what my doctor says in the morning. she may want me to go in.
175871781,yes it is
174322803,I just don’t understand how it could be schizophrenia. My psychosis started during the period of time where I started smoking weed heavily and I just slipped. I’ve had some social anxiety growing up due to bullying but never any symptoms of schizophrenia negative or positive. It just crept up on me over three months until I was fully in psychosis.
175871782,What’s wrong with me?
175871783,That’s the $100 million dollar question.
175871784,"I’ve just finished work, and I’m currently (Surprise surprise) I’m watching the football. Thinking of getting fish and chips for dinner."
175871785,"Oh, I see. Please talk to your pdoc and go through the formal diagnosis process. This is what I’m planning to do for my possible autism."
175871786,i lost my social skills.i am runing out of breath.i cant pronounce.
175871787,"I remember my daughter and I were arguing last year and I said… ""You’re acting strident! Google that word! To which she instantly replied… ""Google I don’t give a F!! Then we both burst out laughing! Man, she’s a tough little nut!"
175871788,I think those are common in sz/sza
175871789,"We are not stopping amisulpride. Tapering down clozapine right now, will eventually stop due to treatment resistant ocd. I have tried many APs, and amisulpride is working well for me besides the high prolactin."
175871790,It’s very dangerous to stop your meds on your own. If the doc is on board there are no issues.
175871791,"Yes the meds do make it hard. And right now not being able to walk on the treadmill until I get my heart checked is making it hard. But I get my heart checked on the 19th and then I hopefully should be able to start walking on the treadmill again, if everything is ok. Walking is good for weight loss. That’s how I lost weight before."
175871792,i immidietly found out that what i saw was not real because i was deep into sleep saw my chair wheels like shoes
175871793,"Same for me, they got kids too. They don’t even wish me happy birthday on Facebook."
175871794,So the last one reached the assigned amount of pages... And here is the new one! Keep it going...
175871795,Had a two hour meeting to interview a potential roommate. It was tiring. Before that I cleaned the house up. I actually got up this morning around 4:00 am and went to the CVS drugstore near me to use a 40% off coupon then drove over to Home Depot to buy a _USER_ID_ when it first opened.
175871796,Thanks mate want to increase the miles
175871797,I don’t get high about it and I don’t get low about it. It is what it is.
175871798,"looking rip and shredded is awesome, especially you get girls looking at you. so worth it."
175871799,Is she taken? If she isn’t then make a play for her.
175871800,"Yes, it's a nursing home."
175871801,"I'm just gonna spend my time on spirituality, reducing anxiety, help with sleep, become awake and focused, content, grateful, challenge psychotic thoughts.. Follow the message! Not the messengers! (Or you can do that but I see no point).. Idk if the afterlife is random or if there's heaven.. I'm open to everything.. There's not one thing that I'm not open to before I decide.. I'm not depressed anymore. I'm cured. I can't even become depressed if I wanted to. Sometimes I WANT to feel depressed to give myself a break and just feel sad.. I love feeling sad cuz it makes music sound better.. But it doesn't last long.."
175871802,Was casting spells in a _NAME_-like VR
175871803,Trying to get stuff clean and other stuff put away
175871804,Last time i had a relapse - the police turned up - cos i swore blind the nurse was living below taking notes via microphones. Scared the crap out the poor old fella downstairs. Copper basically told me to take my pills and goto bed - or they would section 136 me. (thank god they knew me) My insight slowly dwindles until im completley sucked in with my delusions. I dont get that bad these days - thanks to the depot - and me being more self-aware now.
175871805,If I lose my parents I won't go back to normal ever..
175871806,I don’t quite follow.
174322813,"Rexulti most likely isn’t what is causing the tactile hallucinations because rexulti is supposed to stop hallucinations. They are probably sz related. Best of luck with the Invega sustenna, I hope you find relief. It’s better to get an injection just in case if you forget doses. The injections stops you from skipping."
175871807,"You’re not any of those things, Give yourself a break. Paperwork can be complicated and hard to figure out."
175871809,Add some garlic too!
175871810,Talking to someone who has a unicorn in the stable.
175871811,I was on it. Yeah it made me sleel but while i was awake i was trippin. I was pretty unwell at time so maybe it was that but yeah a pretty potent drug. Have u tried seroquel. Sometimes that knocks people out.
175871812,Has anyone else tried almost every other SSRI/SNRI under the sun and either had adverse side effects or inefficacy (for panic disorder)? I got a gene test done a few months ago and I’m super sensitive to SSRIs but I’ve had such adverse effects on the 13 different meds I’ve been on and none have worked. I’m currently on 1.5mg Clonazepam a day and weaning off of Escitalopram. My psychiatrist wants to try Gabapentin next because she thinks antidepressants just don’t work for me. I want to hear about other people’s experiences with different medications while having panic disorder
174322818,In the last 8 years the longest I’ve worked is 6 weeks. I did finish a second degree at uni. My current plan is to be a student for a long time.
175871813,I’ve had similar things happen. It was paranoia not coincidence. The mind can believe things that are not real.
175871814,"Oh, that's great! I'm glad you're feeling better and got a bunch of paperwork done. I always get anxiety when I have mail or forms to deal with."
175871815,Ask your psychiatrist.
175871816,"maybe its bc they are normal they are aloud off the leash as they say, if you are mad like us we need reined in like a bunch of babbling baboons i guess. if you even attempt to look to the stars you are pulled back down to earth with a bump."
175871817,":Hello: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: The Skyline Blurs, Send Notes to The Birds, Be Free, Be Who You Were Destined to Be ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: :Goodbye: Sincerely, Nosferatu Bat Beam (sleepoptimistic)"
175871818,"You’re not injected with a hidden camera. And if the tv is talking to you, I suggest you turn it off. Watching the tv is just fueling your delusions."
175871819,Sorry you're struggling erti
175871820,"I spent Thanksgiving dinner at my pastor’s family’s house with some church friends. We had turkey, ham, mashed potatoes, gravy, and crab and mussels. I had a wonderful time. This Sunday going to church and inviting some new friends. Hopefully they will find their way there."
175871821,"I've got the bread machine making a loaf of Italian bread right now, I'll post a pic when it's done. Has about 3 1/2 hours left to go"
175871822,I do and I don’t. Sometimes my brain lets me watch and other times I can’t.
175871823,"Correct, I need to see if I have a regular distribution over a bell curve, and calculate the standard deviation, mean, median, mode, etc"
175871824,I did the same on Monday
175871825,That’s really good _AT_MENTION_
174322821,I was on Invega Trinza prior to switching to Aripiprozole(Abilify). It was a once every three month injection. Not having to worry about taking pills was a nice benefit of the injection but I prefer the control I have with pills.
175871826,"I was at work today emptying wastebaskets and it was getting near quiting time and a woman soldier was in her office with her two kids, a boy and a little girl. The mother came out to talk to me then went back inside…As I emptied her wastebasket her little girl who was about 5 years old stuck her head out and was just looking at me. We looked at each other so I said, “What’s up?” in a friendly way. She ducked back in the office but then she came back out with a friendly look because she figured out I was just being friendly. I asked her, “Are you going to be a soldier when you grow up?” She nodded. I started talking and we built up a little rapport and then she started trying to help me empty trash. It was really cute. But she was really too small. I was stressed and tired but I made the effort to talk to her and be friendly because she was a nice little girl. And then I moved on. The whole interaction was really nice and it restored my faith in children. I usually have no problem with 
children anyways but the little girl kind of reinforced that kids can be really nice if you give them a chance and it made me happy that I liked her and she seemed to like me."
174322815,Because you’re stressed. You’re schizophrenic because of high levels of chronic brain inflammation. Everything feels a certain amount of evil to you in that state.
175871827,"Good Job _AT_MENTION_!, Seriously. I Love Trees. Did You Know That If You Stop, Sit, And At A Distance Analyse A Tree Close By. She/He May Show You Some Secrets About Illusions & Reality. History & Society. One Tree Once Shown Me A Pentagram. Among Two Other Symbols To Wonder, Wander, And Ponder. Trees Are Nice I Agree. . . . . . ."
175871828,There is nothing *wrong* with a hemp derived product...they just usually don't have mood altering properties like a product with a high cannaboid PPM will. S.C.
175871829,I suffered with your problems for years. Benzos help a great deal. It’s coming back since my pdoc won’t prescribe benzos to me anymore. Now my dreams are vivid as hell and I wake up every hour. I feel your pain. Nothing works besides benzos
175871830,pizza is my cure atm
175871831,"Zopilcone works well for me, on average 7 hours of sleep …and I like that metal taste, lol But it works on GABA receptors like a benzo and comes with dependency issues if used long term which worries me."
175871832,My mother in law can read my mind if I look into her eyes. So I know how it feels to have this feelings. I feel paranoid about her and sometimes others too. Once I had a psychotic episode at the mosque when two men came to ladies section and I believed they were gunmen in plot with imam to kill us. I was terrified and afterwards I was crying in the car.
175871833,"I am very busy with the radio shows atm I have just Interviewed a Local Artist/Musician about his bands new album and i just need to _USER_ID_ it a bit, I have 2 more bands i need to Interview about their new albums and they are very good albums and i want to chat with them about their influences and things too, I have another Interview soon chatting about a local community project (the cafe/shop i volunteer at) then i need to write an article for the community magazine about it and i have my clubhouse show to put together too."
175871834,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871835,Has anybody been delusional as well. Can you explain your delusions. I can’t explain my delusions.
175871836,What about the second part of the paragraph?
175871837,"For energy issues what worked for me is these. Checking thyroid level and correcting it to optimal ranges (TSH less than 1.0). When my TSH goes above 1.0 with sub optimal levothyroxine dose I feel so lethargic. Even if urge there I feel so exhausted to do, like to sleep during day time too and not feel refreshed even if sleep for hours during day. So always make sure your thyroid function is optimal. Vitamin D, I was deficient in vitamin d previously and once corrected to optimal range (>80) feel more energy, interest etc. Vitamin D have a role in dopamine. Vitamin D is needed for proper tyrosine hydroxylase function. This thing is needed to convert tyrosine to dopamine. Thus both thyroid hormone and vitamin D have a huge role in for proper dopamine function. These things indirectly increase dopamine levels in brain in a controlled way unlike levodopa. If have a known vitamin D deficiency like if value less than 30 then need to take mega dose 60,000 iu pills every week for some 2 or 3 months to bri
ng value to optimal ranges (around 80). Then to maintain ranges 2,000 iu every day or 5000 iu twice a week is sufficient. Consult doctor to check thyroid and vitamin d levels. GP usually deals with these. Pdoc might dismiss it as its not their subject."
175871838,"Yeah, I’m compelled to act oddly and I am pretty odd."
175871839,I was young and didn’t know what (who) I was getting into.
175871840,I particularly appreciate this song.
175871841,""" The goal of anger management is to reduce both your emotional feelings and the physiological arousal that anger causes. You can’t get rid of, or avoid, the things or the people that enrage you, nor can you change them, but you can learn to control your reactions. Are You Too Angry? There are psychological tests that measure the intensity of angry feelings, how prone to anger you are, and how well you handle it. But chances are good that if you do have a problem with anger, you already know it. If you find yourself acting in ways that seem out of control and frightening, you might need help finding better ways to deal with this emotion. Why Are Some People More Angry Than Others? According to _NAME_, PhD, a psychologist who specializes in anger management, some people really are more “hotheaded” than others are; they get angry more easily and more intensely than the average person does. There are also those who don’t show their anger in loud spectacular ways but are chronically irritable 
and grumpy. Easily angered people don’t always curse and throw things; sometimes they withdraw socially, sulk, or get physically ill. People who are easily angered generally have what some psychologists call a low tolerance for frustration, meaning simply that they feel that they should not have to be subjected to frustration, inconvenience, or annoyance. They can’t take things in stride, and they’re particularly infuriated if the situation seems somehow unjust: for example, being corrected for a minor mistake."""
175871842,Sorry I fell asleep. Someone was making fun of me on fb.
175871843,I was never on stimulants as a child . I don’t think many who went to school between 1961-1975 were .
175871844,whats up _PERSON_??? Im Stiffler…Haha just kiddin you look troubled there…is it for real…some of those women looking for something else
175871845,"Yes, just took one!"
174322814,"If this were actually happening, to someone without schizophrenia. That they KNEW this were happening, saw evidence of it, and were totally sure it was happening- would they act on it? Yes. Because they believe it is happening with all their heart. It is real- to them. So my answer is- if a schizophnreic believes they have all of the above- even if it isnt actuallu happening- if they really believe it was- yeah- they would probably act on it. Just like someone who this was actually happening to would act on it. It depends on the extent they believe it. If theres doubt- acting on it would be less likely. If there wasnt, it would be more"
175871846,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I’ve calmed down enough to function and actively keep myself calm for the most part. Dont know how well I’d do against my big triggers like loud noises and sirens but I’m not full blown panic so it’s a start. I’m on a fone line though and I can tell that I could easily start panicking again. But like I said I can function enough to be able to actively try to keep that from happening.
175871847,Mostly cooking. It’s better for you than _NAME_ oil and I can’t tell the difference.
175871848,"Oh, and I meditate."
174322823,I think if you can solve this SZ ???? you’ll be a boss after all that stress. Like nothing will phase you.
175871849,"Hmm?. The Best?. (She Erases Fear & Self Doubt). 101/10!. The Worst?. (She’s So Effortlessly Beautiful And Gorgeous, Like A Dream). 101/101/101!. As She Smiles & Laughs Realizing, And Whispering To Her Friends And Loved Ones, ‘That’s Me’!. Hope, Love, Joy, And Peace!."
175871850,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174322825,"60mg reduces the voices for me. 80mg eradicated them but it gave me dystonia. It does not affect my concentration, but I do not have negative symptoms"
175871851,No other way or supplements?
175871852,I wouldn’t trust those “back payments”. I would either refuse them or put them in a savings account and never touch them because chances are that Soc. Security is going to demand that money back someday _AT_MENTION_ .
175871853,"You’re right. It would be hard. You might check it out, though. Tell the nurse how you feel. If you do nothing you will stay where you are for sure."
175871854,"How many do YOU have? Feels like a lot of farming for information. When people try to help you, you draw out an endless line of questioning that can never be satisfied."
175871855,21 is young. I was 27 and still didnt want to admit it.
174322832,"I went through such a phase too. It was in the middle of a paranoid episode. You don’t need to have schizophrenia to use clozapine. The question is whether it can help you. Alas, you can’t tell without actually trying it. -A."
175871856,Going to bed. Night.
175871857,"We had th classic French,Spanish, English.....back then I wanted Japanese. I tried learning it on my own but only remember hamburger and eggplant because they were the same words, lol."
175871858,"Thanks all for the kind words. This summer’s learning project has been to push myself to “see” in square or 1:1 format. I’m used to shooting in 3:2 or wider, usually. I’m exploring the walking trails in my new town over lunch and taking a cell camera with me."
175871859,"They are very nice and faithful, but had people look down on me which I can understand, people put intrusive thoughts in my mind which I feel they had read and seen but I love them and never can return."
175871860,Hope you can forgive her and yourself and Love her like you do. Stop being so hard on yourself and work on the future together not the broken past and enjoy life and Love you can do it and maybe get counseling if you can't do it all alone.
175871861,My dr just prescribed it to help me lose some weight. My A1C is 6.6. I also take Metformin. Anyone else take Victoza?
175871862,I notice the more cerebral discussions are the more they attract detractors like someone looking for a one up man ship. Do you know how many articles don’t apply to me? I mean there’s one about feminine douching today. I just ignore it and move on. Just a simple observation.
175871863,I don’t have a psychiatrist anymore.
175871864,I have tried more than 10 APs. Probably is the big interval between night dose and morning dose. Or maybe it’s pure depression. Even though i take antidepressant
175871865,I already am fat and they can probably inject you with fat.
175871866,_AT_MENTION_ fresh is so expensive and have limited funds.
175871867,I hope it gets some serious looking into. I really feel like I’m hitting a wall when it comes to my productivity.
175871868,Megaultra lol 151515
175871869,When psychotic I wanted to do miracles lol
175871870,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871871,"are those the caffeine boosters? i don’t like to workout with caffeine, it makes me jittery. i tried NO explode a couple years ago. and never went back to them i would be interested in trying creatine though. my cousin recommended it and he’s a bodybuilder."
175871872,"About four years. Before that, it had been 25 years."
174322829,Is it at least getting rid of all your positive symptoms?
175871873,Best hand & foot cream ever. They also do a lip balm which I’ve not tried but I bet it’s also amazing.
175871874,I see my pdoc once every 3 months. It’s mostly just to get my prescriptions at this point. It is plenty for me.
175871875,I find the shower relaxing. I like getting fraquent shower gel and imagine I’m in a spa getting pampered. I frequently imagine what showers were like in hospital and I remind myself how lucky I am not to be in there.
175871876,"Thanks. I hope you lose some weight, once you get vraylar."
175871877,Vraylar seems way better than those APs that came out in the 1950s…
174322833,"Thanks for the info. I signed a form today with my Pdoc to see a specialist who can possibly put me on a medication that isn’t yet on the market, or know of drug combinations that my Pdoc is unaware of. I will mention some of these when I see the specialist, although it may be months before I get that chance."
175871878,"I struggle with enjoying old hobbies too. I agree with _AT_MENTION_. Pick up a different hobby for a while, even if it is something as simple as coloring adult coloring books. If you can’t enjoy anything at all it’s time to make an appointment with your pdoc and let them know"
175871879,The lack of sleep is killing me. Torture! torrtureee
175871880,"Dang it, my bank account is overdrafted!"
175871881,My delusional self would argue that there is no real world ae such and that I’m the only “person” around and the devil would be the demiurge.
175871882,Topamax is a weak mood stabilizer. My doctors over the years never prescribed this to me. It’s sometimes prescribed as a weight loss medication. Lamictal is pretty good for depression and it’s mediocre for mania. But over all Lamictal is more effective than Topamax for its mood stabilizing properties.
175871883,I voted sza only because I’ve seen how horrible it was for my aunt with breast cancer. She had a radical mastectomy and lots of chemotherapy only to end up with neuropathy and upper body weakness. Her life is tough no doubt. Things could be worse and things could be better. Our job is to make do with what we have. Everyone has or will get a life challenge. There is no bargaining. _PERSON_
175871884,who can follow that ??? good words _AT_MENTION_
175871885,I keep getting the complaint “You need counseling.” How to you make a poll? I’m doing something wrong.
175871886,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ you’re right she’s not sympathetic but only toward mental illness because she has been through worse things, bad events. She is a kind person in many ways, overall accepting of others. It’s just mental health and not working thing she’s really vocal about. I dread socializing with anyone but now I have to push myself to look more normal at a time when I’m far from it. You’re right though, being with normal people pushes you to be able to act more normal I guess. She told me that when her child died she decided not to stay in bad and to get herself up and to pull up her socks. And with other things she’s been through. She is extremely strong and functional. I just found it weird that when I said I was going through a hard time she replies to me that ‘im happy, I’m always happy’. I’m probably reading into it bc how she speaks about MI and not working. Maybe it’s just me and my own feelings of inadequacy."
175871887,"Thank you for your understanding. I should have pointed out that although I was educated in the US, I am not a US citizen, and come from a poor country where getting a job is hardly possible compared to the US."
175871888,"chordy i should be more suportive but aren’t you all ways say i addiction about most thing, bless you."
175871889,"_AT_MENTION_ Co-creation just means instead of life happening to you, or you completely controlling all things (never going to happen), you accept a future of creating together (with living things and nature and other people or whatever). Does that make sense?"
174322831,"Hi, TBH in my experience it made no difference weather I took the drug or not, I still hear the voices, though am a little lighter in weight."
175871890,I always have them on my pizza if that counts. Maybe they counteract the badness of the pizza
175871891,Yea. I'm reading all about it.
175871892,Never smoked . I drink quite a lot of coffee . No other stimulants . I have the typical Asperger’s/NVLD ‘spiky’ cognitive profile.
175871893,Try to get involved in your local scene. A lot of venues where I live have moved from punk to rap. Some of my friends have met some great people through it.
175871894,But for my ability maintaina
175871895,I remember it all too well. No need for anyone to remind me…
175871896,_AT_MENTION_ Did you tell your doctor you didn’t want to take it?
175871897,Heck yeah! Congrats!
174322834,Wow! Your mum sounds like she’s had her hands full. I hope things improve for you guys.
174322836,"I didn’t have anything other then Schizophrenia with my first psychotic break. I did have depression but it wasn’t diagnosed, now its getting treated."
175871898,I love szc. Com. It’s so cool I love it.
175871899,It’s just from a headache. My provider doesn’t like me to take too many tylenol for it because it’s hard on the liver. Cigarettes used to dispel the headaches.
175871900,_USER_ID_! I just saw your thread! Will read it now!
175871901,"Never mind,I already think women’s prison."
175871902,"I’m not that scared, one reason is the city that I live has very less people with the virus."
174322840,"Basically, I know my schizoaffective disorder came from stress. I'm not trying to eliminate all stress from my life because that would be unrealistic. But grad school became too stressful for me. It's not something I want to do with my life. So I just quit. Anyway, that's fine. I am happier having done that. I remember when I was in high school and first had a psychotic break it was because of stress and because I was pushing myself to the brink with academic pressure. That's why I have always sort of had a love/hate relationship with school. And so after high school, nothing was ever the same with school. I am glad I made it through undergrad, but I don't need a graduate degree. It's too unstructured for me. And I don't see myself becoming what the program purports to help me do, anyway. So I think I made a wise decision. I have also decided it is something I want to do to help people. Thus, I am trying to apply my efforts towards teaching and community service, etc. I think that would be good."
175871903,My laundry is not finding my new room. I don't know what to do.
175871904,Showered again Changed litterboxes Made yummy dinner
175871905,"I’ll be devastated when my mom goes, hopefully that’s no time soon"
175871906,"My entire neck is red and itching like crazy because I was out in the sun a lot, trying not to scratch it so much"
175871907,"Exactly what _AT_MENTION_ said. Your credit rating can get damaged, and that can make it difficult for you to pay for things in turn. Its not a good idea to do it unless they didn’t give you what you paid for. Like not shipping you something when they claimed you received it. But even if that were to happen you should contact them first and try to ask them to resolve it for you before a charge back."
175871908,Do you have your heart set on something you would like to do? Maybe if you could provide a specific example then maybe someone with experience can point you in the right direction. You are not allowed to sit on _PERSON_’s nose
174322837,"Phosphatidylserine is helpful to take along with DMG. It can improve affective flattening just like DMG and it have various benefits like reduce cortisol, useful for workouts, reducing stress, improving sleep quality, improving memory both working, short term and long term memory. Thus taking this combo is really useful for improving cognition, memory, workouts etc. Phosphatidylserine derived from soy and sunflower available. Sunflower is preferred especially if have issue with soy."
175871909,It’s so hard to make a perfect snowboy!
175871910,Lately I have had a really hard time falling asleep maybe for the past year and a half I get a bad anxiety and start to get stressed out and by the time it hits 3 I end up getting a tinny panic attack and start crying breaking down and can’t stop. My parents think that’s it’s just COVID but it’s not I have just never told them about my anixity but they refuse to believe that. My dad thinks I am just going through a rough spot but my mom refuses to believe anything is wrong with me. (Not so much wrong but anxiety) Does any one have any recommendations for what I can do? (I have tried no devices a hour before bed and not eating to late getting exercise so I am more tired but nothing works) I do get anixity through out the day but I can ussally play with some putty and clear my mind with music or talking to a friend and after a half hour I am fine but I can’t do that at night. I sometimes pinch myself to get me out of the daze and back to realty it works most of the time but I have to do it r
eally hard and it usually leaves a bruise or a red mark and I know that’s not healthy so I barley ever do that
175871911,Did you end up going to the CTC? How are you holding up?
175871912,Do dementia meds restore working memory deficits in sz?
175871913,"Good luck, whatever you decide!"
175871914,"I don’t know if chamomile has l-theanine in it but green tea does. So have a few cups of green tea and see if you have any negative effects, if you’re fine then try 1/2 capsule then full capsule of l-theanine. You’ll probably be fine but just start small and build from there. l-theanine has a half life of about an hour, so after a few hours it is out of your system."
175871915,I feel pretty good just avoiding biolar effects
175871916,I think I’ll monitor my anxiety and panic attacks for the next month and see if cutting out caffeine helps or not.
175871917,I disagree. 151515
175871918,You’re not worthless! You are a valued and welcomed person here. I can’t recall you ever starting up an argument.
175871919,"oh, okay, I must have misunderstood. I’m not sure how I feel about kids having signs of sz already, but I guess it’s possible?"
175871920,Thank you.i live in Nigeria. Are you on benefits?
175871921,My voices would start every evening around 6 and end promptly at 10:30pm it was weird like it was actually people doing it to me but they didn’t want to stay up past 10:30pm
175871922,"I believe there are a lot of meanings in a dream. I had a dream that I was in a car with a friend from San _NAME_ first he was driving crazy and almost killed us. Then I had him stop at a restaurant for breakfast we parked and there was this staircase that went up then down to get to the place i got to the top and noticed 3 steps missing on the way down so i stopped and tried to go back but i felt stuck. Finally i made it into the restaurant and it was madness in there. We sat down at a table and my friend from San _NAME_ was already sitting eating food of this horrible breakfast buffet. Which i didn't want. I wanted to order steak and eggs. He wanted to change his order then complained about having to pay so much for both. I ordered my breakfast and coffee. The waitress left and never brought it. For a long time I kept asking for coffee and none of the waitresses would bring it I complained to the manager and she wouldn't bring it. So I got angry and yelled I'd get it myself and went in the back t
o do so. When I got there this waitress kept blaming me for all sorts of reasons why she wouldn't serve me and in the middle of that I was searching for a coffee cup, coffee, cream, and sugar. All the cups were broken, no sugar, and the place was a mess. Finally this big shot manager shows up saying they called him in to handle what was going on I told him the story and he believed me which made me really happy! I asked him where the cream was he pointed at a small refrigerator I opened it and it was full of empty cream cartons just piled in there. Then he starts to right down what happened. Suddenly he changes from believing me to saying I said ""I don't even like eating here so I'm gonna come back here to eat again."" Which I didn't say. Then I woke up and I just started crying bcuz that's how I feel most of the time. Like no one believes me and blames me for everything. Which really sucks bcuz I'm a really good person that treats everyone good. The beginning of the dream made me feel like I was or have in 
the past tried to go somewhere and couldn't get there. The part where my friend complains about paying for stuff made me feel like people are always trying to blame me for there own mistakes and then I have to pay for it. To be honest I am so tired of people assuming things are my fault or that I had anything to do with what I'm being blamed for and my biggest wish is that everyone would just ask me about things instead of testing me by asking stupid questions. And I wish mostly people I know would just tell these people blaming me for stuff that ""_NAME_ just wouldn't do or say that."""
175871923,ah sorry to hear you having a hard time. I can relate to feel people are reading your mind. These days i don’t have it so much so it can get better for sure.
175871924,your sample budget rent $300 power $75 bus $50 laundry $30 food $300 household $45 $800 That leaves $100 for emergencies or savings. I know a lot of folks on SSI that make ends meet
175871925,"If your job is censoring, you shouldn’t be lying about people. You are ridiculous."
175871926,I’m thankful for a lot of things but I am not thankful that I exist.
175871927,Almost always. I’ve had unusual thoughts since small.
175871928,"Yes, paranoid sz"
175871929,Congratulations on the new job! _AT_MENTION_. I’m so happy for you. 760×570 130 KB
175871930,_AT_MENTION_. Thank you
175871931,"Well, if you have a good reputation there for usually doing your job satisfactorily I wouldn’t worry about an occasional slip-up. Everyone’s entitled to an occasional mistake."
175871932,How long of a program were you wanting to do?
175871933,Good luck with a place of your own I have my own place and I love it
175871934,"I cried at the hospital four years ago after my mom died. My mom had just died, I was in agony from a bad back, I had to take two months off work, I lost my housing, I had to quit school. I had to drive up and back to see my mom twice by myself and they were two hour drives for one way and they were both the drives from hell. This all happened in the space of two weeks. I had stayed out of the hospital for 25 years but when I got home from the last drive it was all too much for me and I got suicidal and that night I had my ex-brother-in-law take me to check me in to the hospital. The hospital was scary as hell, it was the hospital that served this whole county and being a large city there were some real shady, crazy people in there and I was 55 years old. The first night they gave me a cot in a large room for all the men. Everybody around me was talking to themselves and acting crazy, it was hard to go to sleep. I got up in the morning and they gave me a little disposable plastic bowl of oatmeal an
d a piece of toast and I sat by myself on a couch eating with my plastic spoon and it was just all too much for me. I started crying. I bowed my head to hide it but thinking of my poor mom and the fact I had lived independently in normie society for 20 years working and living close to a normal life and now all that happened to me… My mom was gone and I was losing everything I had worked so hard for, yeah, it was tough. I cried."
175871935,"I want to keep going to therapy, it’s been really good for me, but I feel like I’m running out of things to talk about… My therapist says that considering the fact that I dealt with everything alone, I handle stuff pretty well, so when I bring up a topic she usually just says you dealt with it the best you could and better than i would’ve thought and then we go on to the next topic. I don’t want to go into my childhood, I had some traumatic experiences that I know messed me up, but I feel like I don’t want anyone to know what happened to me out of spite? I know going to therapy is something I have to keep doing just to keep the insight on what’s going on, but I feel so boring now that I’m doing better. I sit around all day and do nothing, just avoiding my family and spending time with my boyfriend until the day starts over. I don’t really know how to explain to my therapist that I know I have to keep going even when I don’t have anything maybe to talk about. What should I do? Ke
ep going, quit, really delve into the bad stuff that happened? I don’t know."
175871936,I have had that happen for 2 things. A tia or ministroke and also from fibromyalgia. You should get checked.
175871937,"i feel like my community knows i have sz only they have somebody(s) who is encouraging horrible invasions of my private life, my mind, and my properties. i hope and pray it stops soon. its been going on for ages. this “supervision” that they do on me. it is sick sick sick. _NAME_"
175871938,No. I sort of wanted to get an idea of what this might be.
175871939,"I’ve got a smartphone one granddaughter lent me ,but the other granddaughter used it when her’s was playing up and lost the sim card. I did try to suss out google maps when it was working ,but couldn’t get the hang of it . I made a few calls apart from that , and that was the extent of my ability to use it. I’m not good at reading maps as it is."
174322842,Yeah facing my fear. I hope it helps too.
175871940,"Seven total, but I only got really serious about it the last two. I made a lot of progress during that time. No one’s told me I’m early advanced though. I just assume based on how I (used to) sound compared to others, from peers to professionals. The biggest part of getting better for me, aside from long tones, which clearly aren’t very beneficial on the piano, was recording myself. And not just recording once. I mean recording over and over and over again until it sounded the way I wanted it, or until things started sounding worse from fatigue. Those last two years, I often practiced upwards of 6 hours a day on non school days."
175871941,“Not as bad as I thought.”
175871942,I’m nearly 40. Something you can’t avoid I guess lol
175871943,As long as you are honest with your carers and comply fully with their suggestions you will be fine.
175871944,Congrats! What’s that for?
175871945,Why dont you ask them out?
175871946,Hello howxs life !!!
175871947,"I like it! I have no voices and delusions. There are some side effects. Like lose of libido, but I have more energy on this MED than other MEDs. It takes time for your body to get used to it then you feel fine."
175871948,"Thank you, Blue_Bird!!!"
174322841,She already tried that. Aripiprazole…
175871949,I have a very vague memory that with seroquel increased appetite isn’t dose dependent. But don’t quote me on that
175871950,I learned a new word today.
175871951,"I’m curious as to how they managed to get their austism diagnosis, like how you go about talking about it with your pdoc."
175871952,yea… it’s weird. you must be really confused.
175871953,"Quoting this in its entirety because it's so beautiful. I treasure this post. Classical music is even more endangered than figure drawing, and it's rare to encounter such a full-on freak as you, wearing your heart on your sleeve, overflowing with passion for something which is nothing if not definitive proof (despite the death-by-banality overtaking us at the speed of Google) of the existence of God. _NAME_ . I began weeping as soon as _PERSON_ began playing the baryton. What. a. magnificent instrument!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! All you do is make me cry. Thank you."
175871954,yea i wonder that same thing…
175871955,You can structure it somewhat by giving exercises and managing it well???
175871956,"Morning Meds, yes."
175871957,That sounds great. I always love it right after I clean. I hope you have a great day sweetheart.
175871958,ah yea that is a nice improvement… i hope it keeps getting better!
175871959,very clever. Thanks for sharing it!
175871960,3-4 liters. You might want to just bring me up to them as an example and ask if a gallon is safe.
175871961,"Watch a _USER_ID_, order a chocolate shake, go to the library, rent a good movie, read a book you enjoy, indulge yourself a little."
175871962,Lexapro i found not effective for anxiety. HT
175871963,I would if I were feeling like that! Go for it and have a good night!
175871964,"my psychiatrist doesn’t even bother to talk to me, he lets the nurse practitioner ask questions and he just listens in and if i say something interesting he will sometimes make a comment. i have a phone appointment on thursday and im wondering how open i should be about my thoughts to hang myself ive been having this last month. i have a trip to colorado planned at the end of the month and don’t want to be hospitalized, plus they may just put me on anti depressants, which from what i’ve read on here will only numb me, and i won’t have any emotions. i guess i just have to accept the lows i get, they are making a comeback recently after a few years of not having any suicidal ideation."
175871965,""" You never know just how you look through other people’s eyes "" . The _PERSON_ Pepper."
175871966,"It's possible you don't feel cared for because he uses a different love language than you, in which case, you could do something that changes it. Have you heard of this? Should I explain more?"
175871967,"I’m back from my appointment with my new psychiatrist and my new nurse. The psychiatrist is not better than the psychiatrist I had before, but he’s not bad. I think he will retire soon because he’s old. And my new nurse is a boy younger than me. He’s really kind. The psychiatrist has told me I’m so stable. So this is good."
175871968,"I can show myself love by forgiving myself of all the poor choices I’ve done and said. It has to be done by facing each case, not symbolically granting everything forgiveness at once."
175871969,I have the same problem. Can cook and read and do laundry and just manage shopping but can’t motivate myself to shower regularly or brush my teeth and can’t do housework properly. And can’t write or paint except in rare moments. So what do I do? The only thing I can do is wait for a day when it comes back and until then get a lot of support from my husband. It’s so hard I know. Good luck with your situation!
175871970,What sorts of things make you not want to live in this world?
174322845,"I couldn’t tolerate doses over 1.5mg. It was way too stimulating for me, worse than Abilify. I became psychotic on it and had to be involuntarily hospitalized. Maybe because I was on a low dose?"
175871971,My chest hurts right in the middle. Idk if I'm having a heart attack or its acid reflux. It came on after I ate. Could also be pain from sitting all day on the couch. Cuz I had been having to crack my chest a few times the past few hours.
175871972,"The time change is bothering me. I never even remembered it today. But then, going outside at twilight, I remembered. Ugh."
175871973,part of me does.
175871974,Unwell by Matchbox Twenty
174322848,sometimes pdocs suggest two meds or more if one in its own does not work… you’ll only know if you try
175871975,"Do your best, but my experience with sz’s has been that they are reluctant to change med’s just on a person’s word."
174322846,"Yes, I was on 90mg. Now I take 30"
175871976,Try a general google search for this forum…then click on it. See if that works for you.
175871977,i gave a dollar store employee an extra 20 bucks cuz my voices told me to do it. and i gave other people stuff as well. Oh how generous the voices were lol. I also made loaves of sandwiches for a homeless guy that the voices said I had to leave for him in a bag. I honestly dont even know if the homeless guy existed. and I gave a loave of sandwiches to some guy waiting in line at a soup kitchen.
175871978,"I quit playing piano because my ex hated music in general. Then I didn’t play the same when I tried to take it back up. I hate hearing myself making mistakes and my fingers are not as agile anymore. Then I started antipsychotics and they make me think slower so now that I’m ready to do it again, my brain is foggy and slow. Maybe I’ll just not play stuff as difficult, I’m not sure."
175871979,Quasall got to go find light.
175871980,9 out of 10 I would say.
174322851,Damn man what are you taking if you don’t mind to disclose it?
175871981,"I did it! I’m getting three tattoos in about three weeks! A frog on my ankle, and two words on my forearm by my inner elbow. Nervous and excited! I’m also thinking of getting a butterfly or hummingbird on my other ankle after."
175871982,"Yeah, yeah. Some people are narcissists; but, what does that have to do with me?"
175871983,6247FAE8-103F-45E6-B693-9A05F2F590E0.jpeg 490×552 28.8 KB
175871984,"Welcome to our little corner of the internet. Happy to have you. I believed for many years that my voices were spirits and angels. I still question it, but I try very hard to tell myself it’s only part of the illness. It’s a tough battle trying to stay lucid and have insight. Reality checking Is good. Have a nice day."
175871985,Sometimes life is more like A series of unrelated scenes Rather than something With a plot.
175871986,"Seeing a new pdoc today, what should I talk to him about?"
175871987,Okay _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Can I use this forum? As I am from different country. And I heard in news something related to this.
175871988,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175871989,"Yes, it certainly is. It's monumental."
174322854,My prolactintin is very high I take invega. We added abilify but my nurse said it could take 12 months for it to go back to normal. I have to have blood test for it every 3 months. I’ve been on abilify 3 months now and just had a blood test. I get the results tomorrow.
175871990,"Thanks all. I already improved…I can do one on one conversations…but groups are thougher and this party is every year and i just dont feel comfortable with the people. I go there for my friend who hosts it, because he would be sad if i wasnt there. But im always happy it is over. It is good to realise many people feel the same about socializing."
175871991,"My special accommodations finally got approved for school! I got the following: Exit Class for Health Needs Note Taking Assistance Preferential Seating Digital Recorder Testing w/ Reduced Distraction Extended Test/Quiz Time - 50 I am also trying to get an accommodation for extended due dates on spontaneous assignments (one week extra on anything that was not already in the syllabus at the start of the semester) but that one will require a bit more paperwork. It took several months to get all this in. If anyone is thinking about going back to school, you should definitely start this process at least 6 weeks before your semester starts. Don’t end up like me and go through a semester and a half with no accommodations because you are intimidated by the paperwork."
175871992,I’m suspecting I may have an impulse control disorder. Should I bring it up to my pdoc?
175871993,Any ideas for getting some sleep? I am wide awake. I never use or even have sleep meds.
175871994,"I could not do people intitiall either but I have slowly gotten the grips with it. still learning but just saying it works with practice, i’d love to see your art sometime if you want to post"
175871995,I was dumb to start with so it didn’t change me really.
174322849,Yeah doctors always lean towards a multi vitamin but they do nothing for my laziness. I’ll give zinc a try.
175871996,"I am sleepy but I sleeped a lot Should I get cocktail of pain killer , stimulant And herbs , vitamins Which proved to be good in this case I know it is load on liver But may I choose two of these four !!! May be pain killer and vitamins !!! Do you think it is good choice ?"
175871997,"My mother-in-law thinks I’m a bum, and lets me know it regularly. And she’s an awful cook. So I get shocked twice when I visit."
175871998,"what meds are you on, and have they worked?"
175871999,Not really. I say if you don’t want to take something you shouldn’t have to. I guess unless you get violent and the medication is the only thing that actually helps.
175872000,"_PERSON_ i that my first i do in morning, vape and coffee."
175872001,I’m scared
175872002,because i am very psychotic . no i did not hear voice
175872003,From webmd.com: How Long Does Schizophrenia Last? Ten years after diagnosis: 50% of people with schizophrenia are either recovered or improved to the point that they can work and live on their own. 25% are better but need help from a strong support network to get by. 15% are not better. Most of these are in the hospital.
175872004,Thank you _AT_MENTION_. I should have checked it first before the creation of this thread. Mods delete it
175872005,Maybe… I’ll be more careful next time ! Fortunately my checkbook is intact. It’s just two checks. Thanks !
175872006,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872007,So yes we went to the mall here. Went on a shopping spree. This was one of the nearest malls I've seen. Some stores I havent seen since the mid 2000s in the dallas area.
175872008,I just say I’m sick and don’t like talking about it. I leave it at that
175872009,I’m tired of those people too. It’ll get better. Just sending positive love to you!
174322857,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia: Beyond an Antidepressant Effect. _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, The journal of ECT , Dec 2019 Negative symptoms of schizophrenia show limited response to both typical and atypical antipsychotics. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) has been proposed as an adjuvant to pharmacological treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia, but whether the improvements obtained are specific to negative symptoms or attributable to antidepressant effects is still unclear.The aim of the present study is to determine to which extent the improvements in negative symptoms of schizophrenia obtained after high-frequency stimulation of the bilateral PFC using deep TMS (dTMS) are attributable to antidepressant effects.Repetitive dTMS was administered to the PFC in a cohort of 16 patients with schizophrenia under successful p
harmacological control of positive symptoms and predominant negative symptoms. Patients were treated using high-frequency (18 Hz) bilateral stimulation applied over the lateral PFC bilaterally using Brainsway H-2 coil. The effects of dTMS on negative symptoms were measured using the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms and the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scales. We then compared the improvements in negative symptoms obtained in patients showing depressive symptoms (?7 points) with those found in patients without depression (>7 points), as determined by the Calgary Scale for Depression.Repetitive dTMS treatment induced significant improvements in negative symptoms as assessed using both Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms and Positive and Negative Syndrome Scales. Comparison of the improvements obtained in patients with or without depression at the beginning of treatment revealed similar improvements in negative symptoms, irrespective of subjacent depression.Our data suggest that the bene
ficial effects of high frequency dTMS of the PFC cannot be attributed solely to its antidepressant effects."
175872010,Now I have the usual matrix/_NAME_ ideas and voices. No negatives. You?
175872011,A thread you previously muted?
175872012,Same way as a normie. Appear friendly.
175872013,Swiss miss cafe mocha....
175872014,My weight was lowest on Abilify as my negative symptoms were a lot better on it. Actually I recently booked an apt to add 10mg Abilify and reduce my Risperdal to 2mg.
175872015,"Hey guys! Was in the hospital after thinking I was okay and starting to abuse adderall… Once an addict always an addict I guess. Anyway Ive been turning back to music as a healthy way to deal with my issues, and I think I made an incredible alt-rock/hip-hop hybrid (at least I hope) Let me know what yall think, and how have you been?"
175872016,If _NAME_ had another mop he’d be doin it like this
175872017,"Hmm. So You’re Not Much Of A Fan of _NAME_ Or The _PERSON_ (???). Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!."
175872018,"yes, thenk you _AT_MENTION_"
175872019,"When I tried to kill myself with sleeping pills. And the next day I was in a psychiatric hospital. Everything felt weird around me, like never before. And then it dawned upon me that maybe I died in my sleep and that I’m now living in a mental energy dimension of all memories of ppl stunted plus my stored imagination capability. At first it freaked me out when I realised that. Then I decided to enjoy the fact that I could be myself since everyone around me is just my stored imagination energy even though it felt kind of real.at the same time, to a limited extent. Then I decided to ask the nurses if this amount of pills has the capability to kill me. Eventually, in a week, the dead feeling left me, maybe because I was slowly being medicated. And also feeling more relaxed (less stressed). My advice would be maybe you need a med increase cos you are defo not dead as hard as it may be to feel that. If u are not on a high dose that is. Check if you’ve got any stressors in your life that you can adju
st. Very Healthy lifestyle might make a difference too. Hopefully this feeling will pass its not exactly nice to feel like you are not on the earthly realm properly."
175872020,"the only kid still at home is _PERSON_, and I’d love for her to read. This house, every room is a book room."
175872021,"I like _PERSON_, I have that song in my playlist."
175872022,"no, they are regular"
175872023,soul breath mind _PHONE_NO_
175872024,"SoO0…, The Chicken Was Deliciously Disgusting. Dead Animals. Humans. Guilt. Blame. Pyramids. Cats. Egyptians. Culture. And Music. Fountains With Nintendo _NAME_ Fairies. And Me Being Bored Out Of My Mind. My Brother Once Threatened Me With A Gun. Looking Like A Clown. I Laughed And Scared Him. And Then Never Seen Him Again. Then One Day Discovered He Likes…, Well…, Let’s Jus Say, It’s Probably Disgusting. LIKE SESAME CHICKEN (!!!). (TBC) ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175872025,Here it is: https://picosong.com/ggVj/ Of course when kids get older you’re yelling: GO TO SLEEP!!! Something cool I just found: https://m.mixcloud.com/discover/world/ I like this too
175872026,"I dont know if im happy or not ! I have these thoughts of when i was a kid right up until 18 where life was so beautiful. Nowadays I take a AD but I want back at how it used to be ! Do you think its possible to get back to that state of mind ! P.S Im not saying I want to be happy every hour of the day, I just want to feel something good for once in a while ! Sorry for rant. _PERSON_"
175872027,I think I have that same issue U do. The awareness of my heart. Sometimes I feel like I have to make it manually function which is obviously not true but it’s an anxiety thing. And I gotta check it a few times a day. Make sure it’s not skipping beats n stuff.
175872028,I will call him in the morning. It’s too late now. It’s night here. The fact that I had severe depression for a couple of hours means I had rapid mood swings?
175872029,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ 74604411_3026524957375176_2742370037636530176_n.jpg 796×602 53.9 KB
175872030,"I have decided that while i will actively pick real fruits at the farm. Very real stuff. I will not take the farm. I see no reason, especially in that way to jeopardize what i have built. They are all the same everywhere you go online i am satisfied i found out how the devol did it, going beyond them in certain realms. Unlike some fruit corps i will actually do real fruit picking just for my own satisfaction that i can get my hands toughened. It aint that dangerous but i will not do anything major. Real life I can take risks but not on the fruit farm. I do not like ‘him’ so do not have illusions. He was tracking through the woods but i know all his tricks."
175872031,Ephedrine isn’t legal in USA but it is in Canada
175872032,"God I had a dream last night where a girl said exactly that. “It’s hard to distinguish dreams from real life”. She said that In the dream. I swore I was awake when that happened. But I’m pretty sure it must’ve been a dream. I told my parents about some restaurant yesterday and then last night we were going there in my dream. My dreams are so random, realistic and stupid that I get confused a lot."
175872033,"Yeah. A lot of people. For the most part, you have to forgive them, because they (in my situation, some) realised to some extent there’s more to the idea of it being out of your control and something helps less from your end to a large degree that they don’t or can’t fathom. At the same time. They whether or not make the above discernment. They do harbour Ill thought understanding of it all and don’t care to investigate or ask or anything like that. So in a way, it hasn’t changed. The fact that they don’t rate you, has not changed. You’re still going to be blanked as soon as you fall ill, as it’s all a professionals job to them. (Least the people I am referring to)"
175872034,I love seaweed chips.
175872035,"Oooh, that sounds good. I used to read fairytales by the hour."
175872036,Ok so my mother was 115 pounds when she carried me 90 pounds in a body cast when I was 4. She had to get shots before I was conceived. But I think they wanted my brother to have a sibling even though he threw his shoes in my crib. Ha!
175872037,I don’t hold a grudge against anyone atm. There’s ppl that hate me but I don’t care. That’s their problem.
175872038,"i am not on any meds but not doing well, i think it takes a really long time for the meds to get out of your system , at least half year imo"
175872039,"Yeah, too many sausages link."
175872040,Thanks <3 Just telling you you’re not a bad person.
175872041,"I remember my mother punching me all over. I never knew where I stood with her one day she would be caring and the next she would be angry, it went on like this for years."
175872042,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872043,"Hope _PERSON_ okay, haven't seen him around in quite awhile"
175872044,Keep us updated _AT_MENTION_ …
175872045,I have bad memory loss I don’t remember what I did in the morning sometimes
175872046,"I hope things get better for you, I hate it when I’m stuck in despair. It’s an awful place to be and it feels like I won’t escape , but sometimes I have to just pretend everything gets better and then, sure enough even if things don’t improve, I do improve. Sending you my best wishes"
174322856,Mhmm. _PHONE_NO_
175872047,May I ask if your on medication for your paranoia? _PERSON_: may I ask if your seeing a professional about the “poisoning” thoughts?
175872048,I hear something occasionally still but not like when i was off my meds. Like other people I do hear the bell ring sometimes and then nobody is there. Real voices not so much anymore. Like when I get stressed they tend to give commands still sometimes but that happens rarely these days.
175872049,"You are nice, there are people who still loves you, don’t get upset by people who avoid you. Its called life and it’ll will never be a smooth journey."
175872050,"Is it possible to ever truly get over the guilt of your past actions during a manic phase? I’m in recovery and doing well, but the guilt and embarrassment is always right under the surface. Lately, that is what I’m struggling with. Not that I have a disorder, but what I’ve done because of the disorder. **disclaimer** nothing illegal, and now somewhat in control, just the pure mean nature I tend to develop... and anxiety driven stupid life choices lol"
175872051,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872052,"It’s one of the things that always seems to slip my mind. I do like fresh sheets though. So comfy. I am off work until the 6th January, and my task before then apart from watching Star Wars tomorrow is to do all the cleaning and ironing so I can start the new year on a clean slate."
175872053,"ADD/ADHD, depression, and anxiety"
175872054,Good point! A doctor told me this in my nihilistic phase. Time escapes so we can learn to appreciate it when it is over.
175872055,_PERSON_ I read that people mixing benzos with alcohol can get in a coma or even die.
174322859,She sounds like a character. From your previous posts not the best character though
174322864,Even if there was my negative symptoms would prevent me from going
175872056,"Before meds I thought I was uber clever. Yeah I was smart in some realms but totally dumb in other, important ones like intimacy. So. No. The paranoia contributed to psychosis and I think having the meds slow my brain down really did help. I thought too much about everything and racing thoughts was a curse."
175872057,the good old “treat others as you would like to be treated” is the best method of operation I have found so far.
175872058,"yeah i work 16 hours a week, and was makin 200 dollars a week. now they just gave everyone who works my job at my business across the country a raise to 15 bucks an hour. i feel like i might be punished just for happening to make a bit on the high side. the average wage for my job as a profession is like 12 bucks an hour. i work at a deli."
174322863,"Are there any studies about lithium augmentation to antipsychotic medication in schizophrenia? Can it improve mood, cognition and/or negative symptoms? Thanks!"
175872059,Yes bc i want to get out
175872060,"In Waking Slumber, The Wander Wonder, Dreams Of Focus, In Aiming Dreams Of Splendor."
175872061,What happened? Are you ok?
175872062,"Yeah i feel ya man. When im really into buddhism i start thinking that ill be the next buddha, sht gets weird"
175872063,"Welp, just found a dear old friend's obituary from several years ago. So sad. He was like a brother to me. I reallly, really loved him a lot. Brilliant surgeon, funny, sweet, humble and pompous at the same time, insecure, really. Bipolar with bad alcoholism and cocaine addiction. So sad. So sad."
175872064,Did you say you got funfetti icing for them?
175872065,2nd best is first loser
175872066,"I actually ate a whole slice of pizza, and they're huge! But I'm just impressed that I ate one with my fear. Also had a huge piece of cheesecake, but that's easy since it's soft Maybe someday I'll be completely over my fear. And I was so nervous when I went in to order. Like my mouth was totally dry like a desert and I was worried I wouldn't be able to speak but I did it."
175872067,How many psych meds are you on? 1 2 3 4 5 6 other 0 voters Are you happy with your meds or do you need a change? happy with meds need a little change need to change completely 0 voters
174322869,"Regardless, there should definitely be topical creams for schizophrenia hahaahahah"
175872068,"_AT_MENTION_ I guess that’s the key point, and I do tend to believe that other people aren’t real except as projections of myself. There is something fake and toylike about other people. Maybe this is a common perception and not a delusion at all. Thanks for your comment."
175872069,Pumpkin pie spice coffee creamer wheat bread almond milk
175872070,"Hey thanks for the reply. The fear factor is definitely there. I had the same thing in the past as you. Went to two different cardiologist and both said nothing is wrong w my heart lol. It’s still one of my main fears though. And yea I’ve thought about going back to o the ER but as I’ve been to the ER many times in the past for non emergencies (anxiety attacks) I don’t want to go back when I feel fine. That’s the thing, it’s the fact that I read you may feel fine but can still be bleeding inside your skull smh. Sigh. I’ll definitely keep this updated. Thanks again."
175872071,"the word mania makes me think “crazy” i believed i had bipolar in my 20’s…i used to have severe depression but then at times i would experience highs…but the highs lasted 3 or 4 hours…whereas depression lasted 6 months on and off…did my highs qualify as mania, i dont know…i did have a euphoric feeling and racing thoughts…i was in good form, but i did not do any of the overspending crazily,or make crazy business plans nor did i go without sleep im confused…was i bipolar…"
175872072,Work can be stressful. Maybe you could ask to help around the house to take the stress off her and she won’t be so grouchy and thankful for what you do for her.
175872073,"Hi _AT_MENTION_. Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Ninjastar Volunteer Moderator"
175872074,B389CB36-B373-4B76-AD11-190DD2878CC2.jpeg 3024×4032 2.63 MB
175872075,"Time to head to bed, goodnight everyone. Enjoy your sleep."
175872076,I’d only want to live forever if I could be sure of different experiences as time passed…both good and bad. My mortal life is pretty boring so I enjoy the occasional new stuff that pops into my consciousness.
175872077,Why? He doesn’t listen to you? Mine says that I can call him anytime… That’s good
175872078,Yeah. I agree it’s unfair.
175872079,"it’s Word XML, or there’s an option of DocBook that I haven’t tried."
175872080,-I talked to my therapist today -Let myself sleep in late -I set goals with my care manager
175872081,Tell your friend I said you are very welcome.
175872082,"Yes, I live with my father. Yes, I think he is trying to tell me what and what not to do. It is my money as well. It is not a noise issue. He has never complained about that."
175872083,"That would be cool! I have the LotR and Hobbit lego games for my 360 and 3DS, kind of obsessed with the lego games, they're a lot of fun"
175872084,And I don’t believe her _PERSON_ is the answer to every problem. How can she become my Scarlet Woman if she doesn’t understand my gospel of Omism?
175872085,"Considering the loops they made me jump through to get it, I have more than earned it. I only get one benefit, but it helps me massively with not having as much financial pressure. If it wasn’t for my mental health problems I’d probably be a high flying data scientist working in London, but no, I had to quit as a senior data analyst - about a few steps short of that result. Limitations may not all manifest themselves in the same way, but they exist in all who’re here"
175872086,"Yes, I suspect many have but stumbled upon the usual obstacules and left the fort unguarded. To be honest, when I defend solipisism what I defend is a particular version of the “problem of other minds” (which overlaps with solipsism but it’s not identical) and occasionalism (which derives from my “delusional” belief that we live in a sim.)."
175872087,Wow this is amazing _AT_MENTION_ I’m so proud of you!!!
175872088,I did not get pregnant. I am a foster parent. I’m in the process of adopting the child who has been with us since September. He’s the fourth kid we have had.
175872089,"On my birthday, in the hospital, my mother showed no interest in me. She read a book. I fell into such a sleep, I started to dehydrated. The doctor then literally beat me up to get me to eat. Mother had no milk. I would have been a painless death of an unwanted child if doctors hadn’t interfered."
175872090,Just took a walk up through the snow to get decaf vanilla latte...
175872091,"Yes , which is part of psychosis… it needs to be treated …"
174322873,what does clozapine help you with?
175872092,You’re doing really well. Because you have insight into the illness. Hopefully you get out of this rut quickly
175872093,That’s awesome! I’m glad it went well. I used to perform and loved it. I don’t anymore though.
175872094,Practicing ukulele
175872095,When did you start to feel better? Explain to your recovery process?
175872096,That’s great news! I’m glad it went well
175872097,"I was in school, I needed to finish an exam, the internet wasn’t working and a voice told me “say please and I will make it work” I said please and in that exact moment the internet came back. What the hell was that?"
175872098,Yes they are. This voice has multiple personalities and creates other voices in my head to argue with. It’s weird.
175872099,"_AT_MENTION_ he talks a lot about wanting to become an engineer, but when he is learning something new he gets easily frustrated and says he might as well just drop out. He does stick with it anyways, and figures it out. He’s not much of a TV person, and he loves nonfiction books. We are trying to introduce him to novels, but he really prefers technical manuals. ADHD all the way with that kid and his hyperfixations. _AT_MENTION_ I don’t want to jinx it, but we have been labeled his preadoptive home and we have a court date coming up where the judge will hopefully change his case goal from reunification to adoption. There are some concerns that the judge will drag it out for a long time."
175872100,"can you take preworkouts on aps, im going to take ziprasidone, does this med block the feeling of the preworkout."
175872101,Dont drink. Dont smoke. You wanna be cool? Read a book and bring up good conversation.
174322866,"Hugs, Deilla!!!"
175872102,Glad to know I’m not alone!
174322861,That sounds great! Best of luck _AT_MENTION_
175872103,Have you went to Ravelry.com yet?
175872104,You might want to consider Depakote. I?ve been on it for years. It?s a great med.
175872105,Fair play to you with the exercise I can’t manage to do anything today
175872106,"I have a friend who weighs 400 pounds, and believes she only eats 1600 calories per day. She refuses to use a calorie counter like MyFitnessPal to track her calories. I know she’s eating way more than that because she eats a ton of food and she eats dessert with every meal. It’s sad because she now has fatty liver disease and diabetes but she still refuses to actually track her calories"
175872107,"Don’t look for meaning in things, be a meaning- maker. We have interest in the things we pay most attention to. The value of a thing is the value you place on it. If you cannot be happy then pretend to be happy. Take your medicine!"
175872108,"I’m feeling depressed today and probably should talk to someone. I really don’t want to bother her on Sunday. Maybe I can hang in there until tomorrow. I have a group therapy, and maybe she could see me then."
175872109,"OK, hopefully it will be OK then…"
174322870,Does anyone know of any good websites that say how to talk to someone about having schizoaffective disorder? That I cannot seem to find.
175872110,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I’m really going to try my best.
175872111,"Sorry you’re going through all this right now _AT_MENTION_ . Do you have someone you can call, or do you have the number to the local crisis line? Please believe me, it gets better"
175872112,Understand. I think it is best to lose in a healthy and sustainable way though. Make sure you get enough of all you need. Sometimes faster isnt always better.
175872113,Definitely yes but I have since my I was ten years old. I guess that is why maybe I learned how to cope with my sz and PTSD where everyone thinks I’m a ba bit odd.
175872114,Can you try a different med? One that’s more weight neutral?
175872115,"I’m glad you like your professor! That’s huge. Did you introduce yourself? If so, what did you say?"
175872116,"I mean, it probably depends on the person. But current psychiatry tends to focus directly on the symptoms and not on the cause. Lookong at both together would probably give better insight in how to treat patients."
175872117,"No issue with those either, research showed that broccoli might help with schizophrenia"
175872118,You felt the sensation too!? It was a tactile hallucinations . You felt it?
175872119,That explains why some szics have much less cognitive and negative symptoms while other szics have much more.
175872120,"I think you said it best, “life isnt kind to those who give up”"
175872121,No way in hell I would work nights. Sleep is too important. I work days though. Good luck.
175872122,"I think if they were spirits they wouldn’t constantly badger you or talk to you while you drive, which they do, for me at least."
175872123,I think I'm slowly getting psychotic tho
175872124,"I think a lot of my problem is that I have a low tolerance to novelty. I do one thing and achieve a small thing and I'm like ""Yessss.. I've achieved something.. Now I can listen to music (Or something)"".. After 12 hours, I'm like ""I did enough today.. Time to sleep"".. But I need to stop doing that.. I decided to stay up for 14-15 hours so 2-3 extra hours when I have to be awake and live life.. Which I don't feel like doing.. I'd rather dream.. My dreams are way more interesting because I don't control them, have no anxiety, don't have to even move.. Getting up in the morning is hard because I'm half comatose when I wake up especially if I went to bed at like 4am.. I only have to wake up in the morning 2-3 days a week which is when I'm taking zopiclone the night before. I'm afraid to take the Remeron but I think it was the fish oil that was giving me heart palpitations idk.. I stopped taking fish oil and I have no heart palpitations anymore.. But yeah it's waaaay better to take temazepam as PRN. 
It's gonna be a rough road for you to withdraw from it but once you do, PRN is lovely 2-3 times a week and when you don't take it, just stay up a few hours later every night and by the nights after those nights, you'll be more tired and will sleep earlier... It involves mathematics and E=MC2!"
175872125,"I think you all should be proud of yourself on here, i think you are all coping as best as you can, and i’m hoping that the ones who are really struggling get the help that they need, I know for a fact that if i was still taking my old med, i would likely be in a bad way with all this, you can get through this guys, i have faith in you"
175872126,Sorry to hear that....I hope you feel better soon
175872127,Thanks. I want to fill all the blank space with scale like drawing. I was feeling really shitty today. I felt like doing something but didn’t know what. So I decided to work on a drawing. Sometimes it doesn’t work out so well.
175872128,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174322871,Did you try Rexulti? I read that its an improved version of Abilify.
175872129,Important stuff I don’t forget but other stuff I do forget sometimes.
175872130,I have no idea. I just think they convicted me after I left Canada.
175872131,"Woah. Your brother is unbelievably inconsiderate. Is he an adult? He sounds extremely immature. If he makes you so angry that you begin to feel a violent reaction may be near, I would avoid him at all costs. Shoot, I would avoid him solely because of the COVID risk he poses. I’m so sorry he treats you this way. You mentioned your parents don’t do much to stop him. Do you talk to them about the concerns you have about him? Not during an argument of course, just during a calm conversation so they understand your perspective. Or if you know that won’t do much, maybe you and your parents can come up with a plan to help you safely stay away from him when he is home. You don’t deserve to be treated that way."
174322876,They are similar according to a _NAME_ study
175872132,I was three when I first saw things. I kept seeing a dog. Later I saw a man with a skull for a head. I was terrified.
175872133,I could do with that today! You seem like a conscientious person with a lot of useful knowledge
174322879,I think if you talk about yourself and what you’re going through and the other person opens up that’s fine.
175872134,They say that about music. People get set in their ways at a younger age and listen to the same stuff for the rest of it. I don’t personally. I listen to lots of new artists all the time. That spotify discover and weekly playlist often provides me with lots of new stuff as well.
175872135,Youre fine. I cant see any of that.
175872136,"_AT_MENTION_ Hey firemonkey, your a very bright guy, whats your _NAME_ opinion on this?"
175872137,"Okay so I know we aren’t supposed to share religious stuff on here so I’m going to call it a delusion. My puppy _NAME_ hasn’t moved in yet but I believe that God made a pact in a past life to block the most mediocre path to heaven in exchange for a life birthing spring. It is in fact called the Baotu spring in Shandong and is a inheritance to the people of the Northern cave dwelling tribes of China though there are magic springs in other Southeast Asian countries too if you wish to use theirs… Anyways I have relatives from the north and it’s really a family thing with deep water that ensnares those who gaze on its mirror like surface. After I visited there, I had a dream about drowning though the water is actually very shallow. Not the point. The point is that it’d be nice to invite a chosen few to bathe in the deep waters one day. Specifically I nominate _AT_MENTION_ to come visit the springs and receive my family’s blessing. Lol (think of it as a silly delusion and just play along). 
That’s not all! Reply to this message with a “what if” I can nominate someone worthy on this forum to come visit my birth site and be blessed. Please come forward and explain why you would choose them and I will consider kicking a few inherited psychosis demons to the curb along with the deal. Sounds silly but sometimes wishes do come true lol."
175872138,Which AP are you on _AT_MENTION_ ? I switched med until my weight went down
175872139,Ya'll superstitious.. I made the thread. Mine are safe always =]
175872140,My sanity My peace of mind My spirituality My physical health My private thoughts
175872141,_AT_MENTION_ . There’s nothing wrong with the way you look.
175872142,Milk isn’t made up of chemicals
175872143,you can get your life back. start going for walks and just getting out in nature. nature will bring you back
175872144,Even though I am sick but I will be able to live life well
175872145,"The trick is to have a silicone baking _NAME_, so they don’t stick to the pan."
175872146,Throwing stones in the glass house. The doctors own the glass house.
175872147,I like it. Good job.
175872148,Holy smokes (pun semi-intended)-- 6 more times as likely to have a stroke as a smoker… Those odds are startling for sure.
175872149,"Dont know what it was - cos i was very drunk at the time in A+E. But got given a jab in the arm, and next thing i wake up 2 days later in the local Mental facility. I reckon it was haldol. But my god did my head hurt."
175872150,"It took a couple of months before the idea of thought broadcasting went away. And it really is just an “idea” - if you try to apply simple logic in your life, you will conclude its ridiculous. It was that, that stopped me going on public transport for months. Just take your pills as prescribed - and try to logically think thru these ideas. Yes i know - when you experiencing this, it makes you scared and anxious, but just try to remain calm when your having it - the anxiety will feed the delusion in your brain. We’ve all had it mate - it does finally go away in the end"
174322877,"Do you think it is normal for schizophrenia to start with such experiences: 1) The schizophrenia starts with hearing a strange, faint sound coming from upstairs, playing repeatedly Assuming it’s a hallucination, it would be the only hallucination for a long time - a year or more. I heard it many, many times, each time the same sound, only heard from my bedroom, and always coming from the apartment upstairs But since you never think of it as a strange sound, or pay attention to it at all, you don’t know something is wrong (then it didn’t respond to cars, and play only if a car is passing by; back then I could even hear it playing in total silence, usually when I went to sleep) 2) Feeling of being mentally burdened or blocked by something Feeling of something almost physically occupying your head Troubles with learning and reading Nonvivid perception of the world Restricted or burdened breathing You are not consciously aware of any of this; it’s as if you’re used to it Occasionally all of t
hese problems suddenly disappear at the same time, and then reappear. Only then you realize something’s not right."
175872151,I’m so sorry bb My lil bb
175872152,You’re welcome _AT_MENTION_
175872153,Basically I am just saying that we can learn from maths
175872154,"Why do some mentally ill people commit suicide? It’s not because they are crazy, it is because they are suffering to the extreme. Suicide by itself is fraught with danger (ex: The person that jumps off a building, lives but breaks their neck and spends the rest of their life as a quadriplegic) and so it should be discouraged. Assisted suicide is quick and humane. Some countries have realized assisted suicide is more humane than suffering and updated their laws, maybe this site can do the same. Nothing about this is written in stone. I know what my life would be like if my meds stopped working and it is no life at all."
175872155,"February 2018, seems so long ago"
175872156,My illness looks like is growing… i’m scared
175872157,"Good luck, friend! I’m here for you! All the best!!"
175872158,"I may have went overboard with my spending this weekend. I bought: AmazonPrime Two Bluetooth head phones by Anker. They were rated with a 9/10 for the bang for the buck. They were on $30 bucks a piece with 10 hours of play time. I tested them out and their pretty wicked. I also bought a portable Anker battery to recharge my phone during the rush. I also bought 3 author copies of my own book. One I'm keeping for myself, one I'm giving to my roommate which she was in the dedication, and one I'm going to give away to whoever I meet and wants one by chance."
175872159,"I was on it for a short while. I was very stable on it, but also emotionally flat, empty. On a higher dose i was so unattentive and sedated that people commented on it and i wasnt capable of following a conversation. The lower doses (i think i went down to 20 or 30mg a month or so, cant remember) where better. Im now on 0.5mg a day orally and that seems bearable."
175872160,That’s good that your med works _AT_MENTION_
175872161,Just don’t play with frogs.
175872162,cashier at fazoli’s furniture delivery lawn care greenskeeper at golf course x2 picker at warehouse x3 truck loader at warehouse pizza delivery x3 newspaper delivery construction briefly morning stocker at grocery that’s most of it.
175872163,also an influence could be where you live. They say that voices are more evil and bad in the western world than the eastern world. My friend _PERSON_ who was Greek…born in Greece and grew up in New York…who I met in college and had a huge impact on my life. He passed away from a heroin overdose…he was the one who sent me this article back in 2014 https://news.stanford.edu/2014/07/16/voices-culture-luhrmann-071614/
175872164,I’m a breakfast skipper. Maybe that’s part of the problem.
175872165,Man getting approved by insurance n pharmacy sucks though every increase thanks though forum friends! ':
175872166,Invega sustenna blocks my brain it’s making me miserable. I can’t sleep and I have tardive from it. My mom is evil she’s the reason I got on it i’m trying to get on haldol shot. Doctor never called me this month. If I wasn’t in Fact team I would be off it by now. No one is listening to me.
175872167,"Before past about 10 years, I was over confident about spiritual forces. I have belief in my mind that even I jump from my flat at 7th floor towards ground then also spiritual force will save me and I will not die. I had to put efforts in my mind so as to overcome this belief. Fortunately now I dont have this belief. I know now that if I jump from a height , my body will not be alive."
175872168,I’ve def done that. Or do a 12 hr up for 2hrs sleep another 6hrs up for a few sleep another 5. Theres no benefit to sleeping so long it just hurts your back
175872169,That would make me feel very paranoid.
175872170,"Does anyone here suffer From borderline personality disorder? I was recent diagnosed. Although, ive known for years I’ve had some type of heart personality disorder, anxiety couldn’t quite explain it. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175872171,"maybe thats your way of coping with the episode you had. sure it feels better to think if you were on some sort of genius level at the time. but the reality, we got crunched. I do think there is something to harnessing a bit of a hypomanic creativity though. divergent thinking is probably stronger in people who have had psychosis."
175872172,"I have a neighbor who about 3 months ago had rotocuff (shoulder) surgery and when I saw her I didn't think she was going to survive, she was in so much pain. I didn't see how she could recover from that. It took time, but very slowly she got better after 2 or 3 months. A few weeks ago, her husband brought me some muffins that she had made, and I thought, if she's making muffins, she's getting better. Would a heating pad help? Or an ice pack? Are they giving you any physical therapy, like they did for this woman up the street? You've got some people pulling for you. Let us know how this is going."
175872173,"First episode when I was 16. I have had about 8 relapses requiring hospitalisation That means I have dealt with this ???? for 17 years now. I lacked insight until I found this forum, and the help of the community of other SZ sufferers who helped me understand greatly this illness. Much more than the professionals."
175872174,"I’ve seen hell before, took me a long time to drag myself out of that place, I’ve no intentions of going back."
175872175,"Wow, looked at my 2015 journal and saw that I was actually taking Risperdal at 1.5 mg! I was on 2mg of Risperdal for a while, I think for more than 4 years and did fine. I’m going to talk to my doctor to see if she’ll lower my dose slowly till I hit the 2mg mark. This is a better solution than switching AP’s."
175872176,Ive posted enough of my music I think. I wanna hear yours! Weve got a talented bunch; anyone have any music to share? I have literally all day to listen lol
175872177,Whats wrong with me? Depressed?
175872178,My ex isn’t going to allow my daughter over to the house anymore because of her behavior of late.
175872179,showered and shaved
175872180,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872181,"Trilafon, perphenazine."
175872182,"Cuba and Britain are the only two countries in the world to offer universal health coverage. You can always go private if you want but private hospitals tend to be a waste of money for their time, but hey, who wants to go to hospital anyway. Get yourself a private certificate for benefits if you can afford one, I know I can’t."
175872183,Welcome to the forum. Maybe a med adjustment is in order.
174322880,"Just one explanation… Similarity between haloperidol and aripiprazole is not true. Haloperidol is d2 antagonist,which is why it’s useful for positive symptoms. Aripiprazole (Abilify) is d2 agonist which means that it releases dopamine in brain,it’s why it has slight stimulant effect and not good for positives as haloperidole. On other side,last chart shows similarity between clozapine and olanzapine as they are “dirty” AP’s,which means they bind to various receptors,but clozapine binds hardly for d4 receptor,which is explanation for “drooling” on it."
175872184,_AT_MENTION_ have you come off your meds?
175872185,I don't like the word succulent They're aloe _USER_ID_ plants damn it. Do you eat succulents?? (I apologize for my OCD irritations.. lol)
174322886,"I feel good but not too good. They didn’t even believe in mental illness for years, they say its bcz I don’t pray to Jesus, so ignorant. Now they don’t believe in negative symptoms. I was the best in my family in everything before my sz."
175872186,I have never heard of it.
175872187,"My husband goes to the grocery store and pharmacy about once a week. I haven't been out in weeks. I feel the need to go tomorrow. We'll see. I have masks and gloves too. My husband watches the news all day long. I check in now and then but try to find other things to do. I haven't needed toilet paper and bread yet, but I understand the shelves have been bare. So I hope to get extra when I shop. Not a lot, just enough so I don't need and not be able to get. I do meditation a lot so that helps me to stay calm. And an occasional Xanax. But I try meditation first. We are going to get through this. But we need to take it one day at a time and be thankful for each day. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175872188,"Hey BP, join us on snap"
175872189,"Being noticed while cycling-- I already use a neon reflective vest when riding. I am getting a brighter flashing red rear light. I already have other safety features, including a front and rear helmet light, rear view miror, strobe headlight.Post Edited (_NAME_) : 1/10/2021 12:16:20 PM (GMT-7)"
175872190,I remember playing Animal Crossing on GameCube. I was so excited when I was able to pay off my mortgage after collecting many bells. Is _NAME_ still in the game?
175872191,I was so stable on the Haldol depot once upon a time. It felt like I was a normal person. Then i stopped taking it and got put on invega. I have severe paranoia and delusions. Just an hour ago I almost lost complete control. Needless to say I’m getting switched back to Haldol. My next depot is Haldol at the end of the month!
175872192,"Beautiful! She looks sad, but hopeful"
175872193,I don’t remember if I mentioned this yesterday but we are partially locking down again....th indoor part of bars and restaurants will be closed.....it’s just one zone outside the city....not the whole state....
174322883,I lost 15 lbs on 50mg of Topamax daily recently but had to quit it due to worsening of psychosis.
175872194,"I know how that goes Mad world84. My mother was a major stressor for me. I had to stop seeing her because of the negative effects it had on me. It is sad but it happens. We have to look out for our own mental health. I wish you the best. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175872195,I don't see anything fully awake. I get the closed eye visions and sounds when falling asleep. I mentioned the sounds falling asleep during a mental health assessment before. They didn't seem concerned. I've notice it happens more if I'm feeling anxious or stressed. I'm glad yours eased up.
175872196,Thank you it seems helpful
175872197,"I kinda’ wanted children, but not enough to begin an organized program to start a family. My fault."
175872198,I think this is the without prerequisite trial: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT_PHONE_NO_
175872199,"If it wasn’t for the illness, I still would be walking The symptoms and audio hallucinations got me thinking All of my memories and reminiscence are for instances, all dark with secret Prison cells and hospitalizations, sleeping in the shadows of people’s pleasures and date spots In the bushes, in the rain with a folded tent at the park I’m officially homeless. I could hear the thumping of the rain, I try to be warm while hiding my existence. I carry my food and my clothes, enough for next few days, in my bag, my life. Oh why was I crazy with stress and the voices giving me orders I listen to obey because I’m naive with no insights My love of my life was only imaginative. Changing locks so you won’t come in But why do you hate me so much when you love me? You betray me with words doing nasty things Making me small, promised you will love me forever, but you lied Branded me in my dreams, so I won’t forget what you’ve taken I’m in pain, told my sorrow that I have let myself down and I 
am the only one speaking Took those thorns off my roses, I’ve wrapped them for you Left just one for the beauty of it, the pride of the flower to prick you right back! I’ve bought you a car and a necklace to show you I’m real, that I exist But your nowhere to be found"
175872200,Mine is between A beautiful mind and The hours.
175872201,It was from an email by Rethink .
174322897,Who will build and maintain your robots? We need people to work. It’s up to individuals to market and better themselves so they get more rewarding jobs. Ones they enjoy. If you enjoy what your doing you will never work a day in your life. I was a combat helicopter pilot in the military. I have been shot at multiple times. I enjoyed it. My job was tough and a lot of work and studying but I enjoyed it. When I retired I was bringing home more than six figures. And I was comfortable not working. Still brought home that kind of money on SSDI but now that I am working I bring home a lot more. I don’t love my job like I did flying for a living but I enjoy the challenge. If it weren’t for schizophrenia I would still be flying for a living except for maybe right now due to this Corona virus thing. But if schizophrenia hadn’t gotten in the way I would still be doing the job I love.
175872202,"o okay, google says you take 4 max in day."
175872203,"Well someone gave me the weird advice to avoid combination foods. It doesn’t work. Imo combination foods can be a good way to doctor up veggies. If you mean whole grains, those are good. Wheat spaghetti is delicious."
175872204,"When I was being evaluated I thought I was faking–sort of–but unlike people here I didn’t share that with my psychologist. Isn’t part of faking not discussing that you think you’re faking? Because that’s what I did. I didn’t discuss. Most people here who think they’re faking share it with other people, including their pdocs. I didn’t because I was scared of being “found out.”"
175872205,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872206,"if you go up and down but don’t wreck your car or get fired from your job or don’t do really wreckless stuff, you are probably going to get bipolar 2. You’re a lot less likely to get hospitalized for bp2 hypomania. You might get started on Lamictal, which is fine for hypomania. Depakote and Lithium are nasty. sza can be sz + depression or sz + bipolar."
175872207,That movie sucked.
175872208,Welcome _AT_MENTION_!!!
175872209,"That actually brought me to tears. I can not imagine! Even as some symptoms improve, anxiety ties me in knots. Unless your friend is in deep denial, he’s the luckiest person! I’ve thought this about other things too. I once asked my husband, “ no one ever abused you when you were a kid? Not ever?” I couldn’t imagine making it out of childhood unscathed. Miraculous! Some people are walking around like that…"
175872210,congrats to both of you. i had a baby while sz and i am never sorry i did. she is such a joy to me and after she was born i felt strong reason to live and to try to be well. _NAME_
175872211,Where is everyone?
175872212,yeah but i dont have SZ I only have had 1 or 2 episodes im not sure if the another one counts since it was short lived delusions
175872213,"I think they are just symptoms that come on their own, but sometimes the delusions I get are an escape. When I had my first break and I felt like I opened my third eye, had some sort of ego death, I felt an awakening, and it was less like an escape and more like a trip"
175872214,I will be helping out at my volunteer place _NAME_’s party.
175872215,See this video.
175872216,"Sorry your nurses are bad Did you ever order that takeout you were saying you were gonna get? Unless I'm thinking of someone else, can't recall exactly"
175872217,I doubt it. I think maybe treating ocd thoughts might help? I read about exposure therapy not being good for people with thought disorders like sz. but maybe just learning to let go of the thoughts and trying to be neutral about it would be good practice. Thats what I’m trying to do anyway lol.
175872218,"having trouble using this site, _PERSON_ keeps saying it's not safe. Pdoc at the IOP I go to says I'm psychotic but I disagree."
175872219,I didn’t have any friends for like 10 years. Then last December I started attending a day program. At first I just sat aside by myself and wouldn’t talk to anybody but over the last few months I’ve actually started talking to people and now consider a few of them friends. It’s hard work for me to keep up the social work required to be a friend to others but I’m slowly getting the hang of it. Last month I invited 2 of them over to my place for homemade lasagna and we actually socialized for 3 hours. That was the first time I actually had other people in my apartment.
175872220,Having early morning spaghetti. Made my shopping list. I’m hungry.
175872221,Username _PHONE_NO_
175872222,Movies I watch at home get a ‘phone check’ score. It goes up by one every time I check my phone. Three checks in the first half hour is usually a bad sign. Most movies fall in this category.
175872223,I shower once every two weeks
175872224,"The last two days I’ve felt the depression come back and today I had urge to cut myself, took the knife to my arm again but didn’t bleed. Alien screamed at me too till my head spun. Wtf is going on? I’m taking now 100mg Lamotrigine and was hoping the depression would go away. I hope this med will work! Everything is so futile. All I want to do is read novels and escape to another world…"
175872225,"i can’t but i can say if we didn’t try. we would never know. you know blizzard, i have tested all kinds of med in research studys in the past. so if it falls it still made the seen."
175872226,I’m on 1mg of Risperdal. Good luck
175872227,"Also hair loss… specifically haldol? I was on haldol for a year or two and I was losing hair like crazy, had to get my thyroid tested and they did a ultrasound. I think I had some abnormal levels but my pdoc said nothing to worry about. Also when I was on haldol I couldn’t read close up, like when I would text I’d have to hold the phone far away. My glasses stopped working too, they were totally off. Why does this happen?"
175872228,"No, because I doubled to 100. Or maybe it was 100 that I doubled to 200. Its been years."
174322891,"I know I sound like a broken record and repeat myself, but it’s true and how I really feel. I do feel like I’m in freaking hell. It is subjective to some but to me it’s not. This is the true definition of hell for me. I guess hell to me is no afterlife like heaven or a fiery pit or something. It’s just planet Earth with paranoid schizophrenia and reliving the day over and over again for eternity. I do retain some memories which makes me feel more human than human sometimes, but it’s also a freaking curse! The medication really, really helps me. It clears my head and blocks these thoughts that are coming from my past lives in parallel universes that were just as real as this or more real. I can’t stop thinking about how I sold my soul, a few times, many past lives ago under duress or something. I wasn’t thinking clear, wasn’t lucid, and was probably ‘drunk’ or something. Maybe I was forced to or was ignorant about the freaking situation and consequences? Anyways, I’m not sure I 
can un-sell it or get it back. I guess for me the closest thing for me is believing in God and Jesus, but I don’t read the Bible, go to church, or mingle with other believers. I’m also a little scared. My biggest goal that I’m neglecting is actually reading the Bible someday. A month or so ago, I had some strange dreams that I thought were too real to be dreams. I rather not talk about them out of fear. But I guess one could say they were paranormal or supernatural…and that they were really threatening and scary. I’ve been thinking about movies a lot and TV shows and how I messed up by watching conspiracy theories and having social media. I ?????? up big time. I’m trying to heal, recover, and move on. I would like a job or education someday. Not sure if it will work out but I guess I can try… I sometimes think about weird things like the movie ‘_NAME_ _USER_ID_’ and stuff. It’s an old movie and I barely remember it from my teenage years. Stuff like that bothers me lol. I can’t even remem
ber what the movie is about. I tried watching it a couple weeks back but lost interest due to difficulties with motivation and concentration. I do have some lingering paranoia in the background. Always feel like I’m being ‘watched’ or something… I would like to eat healthier, lose weight, quit smoking the cigs, and move on with my life. I’m finally stabilized again. I’m worried I might be developing lung cancer or something because I have lung, chest, and back pain. I need to get an X-ray or something pretty soon. In my dreams, I feel like I’ve met Vampires, Androids, or aliens from outer-space similar to the so-called Men in Black…I should be afraid but I’m not 100%…I’m more worried about my family and such. Maybe they were low-ranking Illuminati or something or hired by some billionaires to keep me quiet about simulation theory and conspiracy theories, which I will. I’m done and ????. Doesn’t interest me at all anymore. I’ve learned of a thing called Billionaire Privilege in my d
ream and how these ‘people’ can practically do whatever they want and get away with whatever they want. It makes me sick and is sickening. I’m more interested in a quiet life and finding love. Sort of like blending in and getting a decent middle class career/company going. I would like to be a computer engineer or computer programmer or something. I couldn’t stand working for a company like Google or Microsoft. I couldn’t do a 9-5. I rather work for a smaller company and make less money or perhaps myself someday. Unfortunately, I do have some concern about people stealing ideas from me. I sometimes doubt even Linux is safe…lol. I believe in freedom, freedom of speech, democracy, etc. But there comes a point when it doesn’t much matter and one has just got to shut up and behave…"
175872229,Yes I did and washed my hair even though later I got some burrito in it.....my hair is kind of long and is always getting in my food. I should tie it back more but I kind of hide behind my hair.
174322895,"What you are experiencing is negative symptoms which are apathy, avolition, self-neglect, asociality and anhedonia. I have all those and my psychiatrist said there is no meds for them yet. Maybe KarXT (Xanomeline) in the future: Screenshot_20200501-1055152880×1440 214 KB"
175872230,"I’ve never made this, but I gonna attempt to make one in an hour or 2 for breakfast. Wish me luck. Egg Sandwich Recipe • Egg Recipes For Breakfast • French Toast Recipe • Bread..."
175872231,If I track I track on myfitnesspal but right now I’m willy nilly.
175872232,_AT_MENTION_ Yes it’s free. You can pay for no adds and more features but the free version is great.
175872233,"She graduated with TWO degrees, that’s awesome"
175872234,Why are you laughing at your mother’s misfortune?
175872235,Really? Who has been taking antipsychotics for more than 36 years?
175872236,"I paused a coding project three weeks ago because I started gaming :-S. Got to get back into it, but I got used to the mindless grind and chatting in the game"
175872237,Wait. Shame on who???
175872238,"I had never heard of this medicine before but it has really helped me sleep, and I noticed after taking it my head was a bit clearer Does anyone else have experience with this drug ?"
175872239,"Might be something to discuss with your parents, then, as well as your doctor. With the help of CBD, I was able to wean off my anxiety med about 6 months ago. I also have chronic pain, so it has been doubly beneficial to me. I don’t believe it interacts with many medications or conditions. In my state, it is only available to 21 or over. I would like to try it for my son’s ADHD, but his doctor said no."
175872240,I hope it keeps working for you.
175872241,"Used to attend Weight Watchers, didn’t resemble anything like a mixed martial arts tournament as it should have if losing weight and restricting calories caused aggression. I also don’t have issues with aggression because of weight loss or calorie restriction."
175872242,Can you swap in some decaf?
175872243,You really need to seek treatment. Whatever meds you are on are obviously not working for you. None of this is possible. The disease is causing these thoughts. Please seek treatment.
175872244,"Yeah, you should try to find something else to occupy your mind. Do you have any hobbies or something you could lose yourself in?"
175872245,Think about it…
175872246,i think it’s hard to diagnose when you are on meds… usually they make the dx before you are on the meds huh… i don’t see why you would be on meds if they didn’t have a dx before.
175872247,"Spent the day with my grandbabies today. We looked for a small pool for them but couldn’t find one. I made such a big deal out of it that I had to make it up to the 2 year old so I took her swimming in my bathtub lol. She spent a long time splashing and playing and she got nice and cool. The baby didn’t want to have anything to do with it but it gave him some one on one time with his dad. I got some stuff too before they came so that was good but I haven’t gotten into the bath yet so that will be tonight. I remembered to take meds today but not until the day was half over. All in all it was a fine day, but I’m glad I’m resting now."
175872248,"So I haven’t been sleeping well for the past 5-6 days. I sometimes take tylenol pm, but it usually doesn’t work maybe for half n he, then I’m back up. Plus it gives me restless leg syndrome n its not to good for the liver. I’ve gotten seriously depressed n maybe even suicidal cause of this. I just can’t get any rest, clozeral is the only so that helped me sleep, besides the side effect of feeling drunk when I first wake n the drooling at night it was a good ap. Anybody know of any med. That works good for insomnia wether it be a sleep aid or ap. Plus I started hearing voices again."
175872249,"Good luck. If you have never been on zyprexa then u have a chance. If you have, throw the towel in and give up cause that horse shiit fuucks your metabolism for life."
175872250,We try to get her groomed every couple of months and bathe her once a month in between.
175872251,A sedative won’t replace an AP if that’s what you’re asking. But you can take one with an AP and it helps.
175872252,I have no career goals. I’m happy and thankful being on the pension and volunteering a bit. Realistically I can’t even make a bag by myself. I volunteer at boomerang bags and the girls have to show me how to sew.over and over. I also volunteer at Salvation Army.
175872253,I’m here sorry took a break for awhile
174322890,Which medicine are you on atm… Is it going well?
175872254,Does he work at chevron? #gasman
175872255,"Net says, Lexapro is for depression and is an anti-anxiety. For sleep, I take Melatonin health food pills. I would give the Lexapro time to work, and I would ask my doctor about that health food tablet. As for medicine that helps with gerd, webmd says, antacids, H2 blockers, Proton pump inhibitors and Prokinetics. Net says there are also several medical procedures that may help. In addition to diabetes, I also have bipolar in which I can get manic or very depressed. For that I take Lithium for the mania, and it also helps with the depression, and I also take Mirtazapine anti-depressant. As for those conditions making me anxious, they probably do, but the medicine helps calm me down. Yes, without the medicines, I am very anxious. Are you still trying to stay positive? Did the tips I saw in a newspaper column help you toward that? Some call it CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy), which this website encourages and talks about in ""Anxiety-Panic Resources"" at the top of this forum's list of names of pe
ople writing in with problems. It tries to get you thinking positive on your own, rather than sitting back waiting for others to help. It really helped me, because I used to sit back and wait for others to help me, because I couldn't think on my own, because my unconscious mind was negative. It was negative until I read that column on first thinking that you could solve a problem before you even thought about the problem (""Think positive, think positive, think positive""). Which set my unconscious to trying to solve the problem. And it often would. With that positive attitude going into the problem (I would simply say, ""Think positive"" before thinking about the problem), I solved a lot more problems, because I didn't know that my unconscious was set on negative from childhood training, and I was defeating myself. And by thinking positive going into a problem that I could solve it, I became my own best friend. I didn't have to ask others (whose minds were set on positive) how to solve my problems. My mind (
when set on positive) was just as good as theirs. Glad the heating pad is helping with the chest pain. I keep my heating pad plugged into the wall near my bed. Hope the yogurt helps. Apples are supposed to be good for you, can you tolerate those? I eat sliced apples with cottage cheese. Maybe you could try that with yogurt.Post Edited (_NAME_) : 2/5/2021 10:10:59 AM (GMT-7)"
175872256,"I have what my _PERSON_ calls “psychotic thoughts” sometimes, and some of them revolve around un-specific voices repeating my name an all variations of it. Most of my real-life friends rarely use my name, and my online friends just know me as _NAME_, so it’s normally not an issue. Some even call me _NAME_, which is the name I’d like to have if I had a choice. But I have this one friend. He sometimes use my name a lot to mess with me, and it’s gotten even worse since I told him it makes me uncomfortable to haer my name that often (didn’t tell him why). So now I often leave his place with those psychotic thoughts. Does this happen to anyone else? How do I make it go away? It’s like my head is spinning and all I can focus on is my name, it’s super uncomfortable!"
175872257,Maby we all become “one with the universe” when we die.
174322898,"I made it a solid five years without meds. I was more active, creative and all around more happy, But my symptoms ruled my life. I’m better off on them. I think it’s only a matter of time before a schizophrenic has to go back on meds, I suppose you could be an exception. Just keep a real close eye on your symptoms and seek help when you need it."
175872258,Was like climbing Everest. But man it’s done
175872259,"Screen Shot 2021-03-04 at 7.50.33 PM1550×1318 206 KB _AT_MENTION_ Wasn’t gonna share, cause I got the whole pie. Embarrassed too."
175872260,"I’ve been told I have great insight, but I wasn’t always that way. It’s hard to accept that you have any MI, let alone something as complex as _PERSON_. I recommend you get a journal to document your daily thoughts and happenings. I wish you the best, _AT_MENTION_. Be patient with yourself. You deserve THAT."
174322903,I’m on the abilify injection. Not many side effects. But I did have problems sleeping. I take 50mg qutiapine now to help that.
174322892,"My Mom was exposed to the Hong Kong flu through my Dad before me and my twin were born. I have a theory that my twin was either spared or not adversely affected but I was. So like the shingles virus amounts to the chicken pox virus coming back in a different form I theorize that the 1968 virus came back in the 1990’s and damaged my brain. (here’s where it gets weird) This virus must have affected auditory parts of my brain including my outward hearing, and the areas where memories of voices from the past resided and possibly used them to fight the part of the brain that is unaffected. In other words the virus still exists and the drugs I take don’t get rid of it. Just a theory."
175872261,I have the manual. I’ve been keeping up with the maintenance.
175872262,I have a BS in CS. I think I was expecting the time of smart glasses to come much sooner. Now my degree may be more useful. https://www.vuzix.com/products/blade-smart-glasses
175872263,Yes I may try a heating pad next. Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
175872264,I don’t understand what is hard to understand. Is it because you don’t trust the science? I think I trust it out of needing to believe in something and that seems most logical to me
175872265,Thanks. It’s gone now. Not sure why that happened
175872266,I could relate a lot to this.
174322899,"I never used any illegal drugs, not even cannabis. I never smoked, drank alcohol or even coffee before schizophrenia arrived, so that can’t be the reason (unless the reason I got it was because I didn’t use any drugs). Ibuprofen for toothache and dental anesthesia were probably the only drugs I ever used or received. I had social anxiety before schizophrenia."
174322905,"Yes, it is not accepted as a treatment for schizophrenia yet outside clinical trials and maybe privately off label. But knowing which circuits to target for specific symptoms would probably be a big help. There are actually quite a few clinical trials, mostly with decent results. Small to medium effects. Not like a cure or anything but helpful. If this circuit is degraded in people with motivation problems, it is also possible that perhaps someday they will be able to treat that specific circuit with stem cells or a medication/gene therapy to increase plasticity and reconnect that area. I think that’s likely fairly far off but still it’s great that they identified a circuit."
175872267,Tossing and turning the past couple of hours
175872268,Said in simple English.
175872269,"I did manage to stopped both with the help of chantix(quit for 2 weeks),then my mum commented that she feels chantix is a bad medicine and I shouldn’t waste money to quit by chantix…there was once I used nicotine gum to quit and successfully quit for another 2 weeks then my brother stressed me and I end up going back to vaping.Both vaping and smoking is evil to me,I am ok with the ill health effect as I don’t want to live too long too,as my life is miserable…the main issue for me of smoking/vaping is that I always go out for smoke break,it stresses me as I need to hide when vaping or smoking from my family _AT_MENTION_ …I still got a week supply of chantix and one box of nicotine gum,I am going to try once more and if this time I cannot quit…I am not going to try quitting again,if I did,then I will be happy that I manage to quit."
175872270,it is big dream to reach to 4am awake without silent ideas silent ideas seem to be beamed to subconscious “you need to sleep” and depression silent ideas and depression together !!! anygood way to handle this ?
175872271,Thank you for the welcome
175872272,"Depends on my mood. When I’m depressed, I feel around 80 years old. But when my mood has been normal, I actually still feel young - early 20’s."
175872273,I have xiaomi too. Still on Android 10.
175872274,I feel so nauseous and dizzy. I think it’s from my meds.
175872275,I feel I can walk through walls. When I stand still it’s just weird.i don’t feel right.
175872277,"That’s how I live my life. I’m dizzy every time I sit up/stand up/move. I pass out all the time because my blood pressure drops so low. I’m in meds now to help with it. Been life changing. Still not perfect, but much better."
175872278,Oh man am I really going to have to check myself into the hospital
175872279,"Do you get these? If so, how do you cope with them?"
175872280,I have the anxiety condition for awhile already. I have some anxiety when I have to try a different medication ya. I even get chest pain just thinking about that. Can someone give me some advice on how I can get myself to not have anxiety when trying a different medication. Any advice would be nice. Thanks.
175872281,"Invega _PERSON_, Zyprexa and Seroquel worked the best for me."
175872282,I’m glad you found peace about the issue _AT_MENTION_. I’m also on maintenance doses of my AP meds. (200mg amisulpride and 5mg olanzapine). But I keep more pills in case of a bad day when I take more. Always have a safety net!
175872283,"You continued with the _NAME_ recovery! You did it! Just keep eating healthy, exercise, a bit of diet.. That's all.. - You have our support if you don't have anyone else's."
175872284,yeah but you can replace a car
175872285,"Woke up late but well rested. Went to the Social Security office to sign a waiver. Came home took a cold shower, cleaned up, put on some nice clothes and was smelling good. Ate some cereal. Took a small nap. Went to work."
175872286,"I used to get exhausted at a job that most people do not find stressful. At work I had two speeds, full speed ahead and reverse. I did not know how to work at a relaxed pace."
175872287,Getting shot down by a cute girl when you ask her out will do that.
175872288,"Uh, how about cul-de-sac cred?"
175872289,"If you keep being a nice person, you should be able to have friends. Some of the people you meet may not care and may not do anything to keep a friendship. Keep trying. Here’s how it works for me. I meet people in various ways, usually related to programs for the mentally ill. We give each other our phone numbers. They want to talk on the phone. Then you have a new friend. My friends know the value of keeping a friendship and they make as much effort as I do."
175872290,It now jumped to 11 cases
175872291,Tomorrow: Laundry Paperwork 5 pushups?
175872292,I’m 52. I don’t think I’ll make 65 cause I’m overweight with metabolic syndrome.
175872293,Doesnt something like that take schooling? How do you do that from home?
175872294,Great news _AT_MENTION_ .
175872295,"Relapse every single time in twenty-five years of having this illness. Those who function without meds are unicorns. Lots of stories, but no sightings. To be honest."
175872296,I am a mess without medication. Last time I did that I ended up homeless.
175872297,"Take some personal time. Drink a tall glass of water. Write down how you’re feeling if you want. And goals. Then examine them, that’s what I do for introspection and to make progress in life. I would update my doctors and counselors with all health-related concerns and information."
175872298,"Trigger warning: involves lots of extreme bad and extreme good I ride the backbone of god-send thoughts I skate dark abysses of thoughtless screaming I cut through dark thick seaming I keep on dreaming I keep on waking I keep on faking it I keep on making it I keep on I persist fate The day goes on, my legs are ahead of the sun and moon And my head is behind the times I stride along long scattered sun rays under well covered roofs I pull the gravitational force of the universe into my hand and shift the tides to consume the earth in impossible chemical substance, causing MREs to heat and warm a hundred thousand soldiers’ laps on a tired night more than a hundred thousand years after that substance formed I smash atoms together and split them apart at will, causing nuclear catastrophic destruction to reap a million or two I push the _NAME_ borealis into the view of the young couple and make them die in a car crash as they drive back home I wind up the mass of the clouds into rain and disperse thei
r volume to sad grandmothers with no grand-sons or grand-daughters And disperse their volume unto a gardener’s un-watered vegetables And shake his roof with thunder to wake him up I pinch the veins of those with heart disease And raise their blood pressure I make the machines that clear their arteries and save their life I make the diseases that bore death and distress across the world millions of times over And will continue to a million times again until this land is barren I craft the chemicals that poison mothers I birth their broken fetuses into the universe and stamp their parent’s heart I birth genius scientists that prevent the broken fetuses from being broken And have those healthy fetuses become Herculine and advocates of charity And have those heathy fetuses become rapists and politicians that bomb those mothers I’m the mercury swirls on the shallow pools of god’s eyes that bubble out and pour into the empty lap of silken lies and truths that carefully _USER_ID_ each-other like muscles of a 
terrible blunder I cry I smile I rip my heart out I stick it back in I’m invulnerable I’m vulnerable I’m prone to murder I’m prone to savior I’m prone to fault I’m prone to perfection I’m prone to erections I’m prone to asexuality I’m I, I’ll, I’d, I’m, I’s, I’dn’t do nuthin’"
174322913,"I can’t remember the last time I was really happy, sure a brief few moments, but not the type of happy when your motivated, excited to meet the day. Most days I ask myself why am I even bothering, which in itself holds you back and you never really get ahead. A endless battle"
175872299,Gonna grow a big ???? off beard
175872300,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175872301,"that is correct lol. ontario seems to be more diverse? like toronto area, well I guess another major city hub."
175872302,No I don’t _AT_MENTION_ . I put salt on everything!
175872303,"i should have majored in nursing in school. the degrees i got now are for career oriented people, and i need a high paying part time job. which is hard to find. nursing would have fit perfectly."
175872304,"yes yeah thats it.thats exactly what im experiencing.yeah its some kind of ocd.i just obessive about things ,thoughts,ideas,it defently stems from anxiety and too much energy.like one moment im thinking about mortal kombat and the next moment im reading the bible.lol,im definitely mentally ill.im going back to 200mg amuilspride.god i hate my life."
175872305,I’ve been hospitalized 15 times and have tried a lot of them. Every time I go off I start dry heaving and can’t concentrate among other things.
175872306,"Only had a chance to watch the first two, but they are fantastic, as usual!"
175872308,"Well, you said this before and it makes sense. I may be aggressive in my own house but all I want to do is talk to them. I don’t want a physical confrontation or an argument, I just want them to stop. I went next door about a month or two ago to talk to them. It’s the ground floor apt. and there’s two units and I knocked on a door and a friendly old guy and his wife answered and it turns out it was the wrong apt. but we chatted for a second and shared a laugh and I left and I got home and it boosted my confidence that if I talked to the real troublemakers that it would just be a civil conversation and nothing more. I don’t know if I will talk to them or not but I just want to try. I’m not asking permission, I know it’s up to me what I do. But thanks for everybodie’s input."
175872309,Whats that in degrees
175872310,"I only just got the ability a few months back, but only for primary care. The locum pdoc I saw told me my old psychiatrist had test results at a similar level 6 months previous, but no one told me"
175872311,I. Usually draw digitally with iPad and pencil.
175872312,"America’s mental health crisis is rooted in recent history that led not only to inadequate facilities and resources for those with illnesses, but also to a lack of understanding on a broader scale about the nature of the health issues. Another urgent problem inextricably linked to mental health is homelessness, given that not only do many people with psychological illnesses end up homeless due to a lack of options and resources, but that the conditions of living without adequate—or any—housing aggravate any mental health issues already present. Psychiatrist and documentarian _NAME_ delves into these urgent topics in his latest book, “ Bedlam: An Intimate Journey Into America’s Mental Health Crisis ,” where he takes an objective look at the problem while interlacing the story of a nationwide system that failed his own sister, and including stories of others who’ve faced similar struggles. https://www.truthdig.com/articles/were-having-the-wrong-conversation-about-mental-health/"
175872313,"Some people really suck when it comes to knowing what to say and how it affects people. Do you ruminate? I got told off a lot for that by my Psychologist last year. I take a single throw away comment and obsess over it until it drives me crazy. I would try and avoid doing that, but I know how hard it can be."
175872314,"Mindfulness yes, meditation, slow deep breaths, in through nose, down to belly, deep breath, hold a few seconds, purse lips and release. Repeat a few times. Other tips, cold shower on head, really helps in a shock mode with them thoughts. Kidneys regulate blood pressure, keep hydrated. You know and get it, however constant checking will just briefly spike your blood pressure and heat rate. No die happening. The HT not dead, suspect kidneys at times, had double by pass, which had a crack at the chiller twice. Reflect you are good, medically good. Bar crippling health anxiety. Trust your dr, stay the F off dr google, and use your tool box, whatever works. When the attacks happens, move into mgt mode, music, ice in hands, use mantra, burn incense, i do, use water cold water on head, distract, distract. Keep strong, HT"
175872315,I think you need to try and take some self care. Do some things you like doing. Reading/art/music etc I can empathise with most of your post except for the self mutilation stuff. No one deserves pain. Pain just happens. And you have to do what you can to dust yourself off and make yourself feel better.
175872316,"Wait a minute… a little off topic here, but in relation to the original game, are fruits alive? Because plants are alive, and fruit comes from plants. I’ve never thought about it like that before… am I eating something that’s alive? That’s kind of freaky to consider."
175872317,Here’s a quote from _NAME_: image948×684 111 KB
175872318,"Average, reserved, selfcentered and role model are The 4types"
175872319,I dont think covid is such a big deal either but I just feel people are always looking for something new to fear. It’s not as bad as small pox and the government probly has a cure for it but won’t release it. I do know some one in my life that has died from it if one where to bring that argument but more people die from the regular flu than this
175872320,She needed to get my records from my old doctor to see what needed to be done and when. But I think it’s time to get my liver and kidneys checked and thyroid and blood sugar and all that happy sh it. My old doc checked it 2-3 times a year or so. But it got checked more often because of trips to the ER and hospitalizations. I’m paranoid of my liver and kidneys because of all the meds I take. Any sign of trouble and I’m going off these meds.
175872321,With schizophrenia the thought and even actions you have in some cases really aren’t your fault. I believe it was saint _NAME_ who said many times our actions are opposed to our true character. Thoughts are being suggested to us sometimes imo
175872322,"Side note, Mr. Star came in as I was listening and then later said (about this song) “hey what was that song called that sounds like a thunderstorm and something momentous is about to happen? I like that one”"
175872323,"I’m at a friend’s place, but I’m really anxious about my apartment. Sometimes when I come home, things are not as I left them. Tonight I’m really anxious about someone being in it. What if they take my things? What if they’re still there when I get home? What if they come while I’m alone? Can someone please talk me down? I’m getting really worked up and I know it’s irrational, but my stomach is still churning. I’m restless. Help?"
174322917,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Childhood trauma predicts multiple, high lethality suicide attempts in patients with schizophrenia. S Alli, S _PERSON_, C _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, _PERSON_, C _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _NAME_, Psychiatry research , Sep 2019 13 Childhood trauma has been shown to increase the risk of suicide attempts in individuals with schizophrenia. However, previous literature has been limited by considerable heterogeneity within the category of suicide attempters. Here we tested the predictive effect of childhood maltreatment on lifetime suicide attempt in a homogeneous sample of 650 patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. Childhood trauma was assessed using the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire-Short Form and suicide history was measured using subjective and objective validated scales as well as medical chart reviews. We refined our sample into two homogenous groups: 1) suicide attempters: patients who had attempted suicide multiple times, with highly lethal results (medical hospitaliza
tion required) (n?=?24); and 2) non-ideators: patients who had no personal history of suicide attempt or ideation, or family history of attempt (n?=?25). Binary logistic regression models revealed that total childhood trauma (??=?0.002; OR: 1.07; 95% CI: 1.00-1.14) and emotional abuse (??=?0.04; OR: 1.38; 95% CI: 1.08-1.77), but not other trauma subtypes, significantly predicted lifetime multiple, high lethality suicide attempts after adjusting for demographic and clinical covariates. Thus, childhood trauma is a weak, independent risk factor for extreme suicide attempts in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders."
175872324,Pedophile has the most _USER_ID_ of anything else out there
175872325,I start a new generic blood pressure med tomorrow and I worry about getting an allergic reaction too.
175872326,"I think I’m getting back to my old self now. Which seems to have taken 4 months, sadly. - I'm back to cooking and eating better and at home. This new friend I made recently _NAME_ try to go walking with her a few times a week or so. - I've gathered my bills this morning and organized them and plan to pay them on my next check. The small bills. - I've tried really hard to make a daily schedule but I finally realized it's not possible and why. (Hint: I can’t schedule my anxiety or psychosis episodes etc) so yea. - im back to writing"
175872327,I’m in the process of filing. My application was just submitted last month and they’re reviewing my medical records and stuff. I recommend you get a lawyer for your case - it’ll help you get approved.
175872328,A new pop/electronic tune. It’s melodic and pretty easy listening. Comments welcome… Mods: I deleted the other topic announcing this song.
175872329,I have anxiety and panic attacks so regularly prior to my dx. I have been on 1mg Xanax 4 times a day for more than 10 years. I have no problems with addiction. They work for me as long as I take them as prescribed. I think you run into addiction if you take them not as prescribed and chasing a high and run out and go through withdrawals. Medication works as prescribed.
175872330,I've been trying to call my dad for 2 hours. I hope hes ok. He was at the store and said he'd call me back. :/
175872331,I’m going through the same thing right now and it’s a real pain in the drain but we gotta keep moving forward yknow?
175872332,"Let me guess, your perspective is the one based in reality while that of the young woman is merely theoretical."
175872333,"I believe that I’m not going to get affected with smoking physically, because I believe(I can’t say on this site) because I don’t have anything else to do."
175872334,Ignorant people. And I am choosing not to react.
174322906,"Abilify helps so many people on this site. I took it and had neuroleptic malignant syndrome. Just an example. Also, my positive symptoms stopped when I started taking Latuda. Someone else here just went to the hospital because the same medication didn’t help them. Another example."
175872335,Looks like you had an anxiety attack 20h ago. Do you feel better?
175872336,"Wow, it's already 5pm. the day flew by. I guess that's what happens when you're dissociating for several hours"
175872337,How are you today? Your thoughts sound a bit chaotic…
175872338,I have good physical health. So I’m not worried.
175872339,"Jesus Christ, _AT_MENTION_. That’s terrible. I’m so sorry it went down like that. Hopefully your son in law can get sole custody and you’ll be able to see them as you like. This is such a stressful situation, You did the right thing calling 911."
174322910,"Next appointment is in December, it will take a while to reach 300mg if she will increase it in increments of 50mg… and some are even taking 800mg. I wonder why she didn’t increase it to maximum dose straight away to see if that drug is even working for me. I don’t feel sedated, there is nothing to calm down as I have zero anxiety, and I have no thoughts at all (therefore no racing thoughts) - as I mentioned my mind is blank, except for the fake ideas/thoughts produced by my schizophrenia, and they have not been affected by medicine."
175872340,Call me by my birth name and “she”. I am trans so this is upsetting. They really know how to screw with yoy.
174322911,"Been on risperidone for a while now, tried quetiapine, haldol and clozapine. Risperidone makes my positives almost non existent, helps with anxiety and I am able to work. Not sure about abilify i keep hearing good things about it, but mainly people use it as an addon."
175872341,_AT_MENTION_ how are you today? Did you get your sex life back?
175872342,"It’s established that SZ symptoms ease off for some over time. Mine have. They’ve not disappeared on me so meds and supplements are still needed, but they don’t hit me as fast and hard as they used to. I do think it’s still quite possible for me to lose insight if I’m not careful so I don’t mess with my treatment plan."
175872343,Are you in treatment? What does your doctor have to say?
175872344,"I am considering , if there is such a thinng, to tell my pdoc that treatment can be given to me against my will if they feel it is necessary … and if I am having issues causing others anxiety… I would rather be forced the meds if I dont have the insight …"
175872345,As if spitting on her would even make a difference to that
175872346,"Can you elaborate on how your life doesn’t feel real? When I was psychotic I got this but it might be different to you. I felt like I was in a video game, even the colours seemed a bit different around me in a surreal kind of way."
175872347,Maybe I didn’t benefit from the therapist bcz I am beyond help.
175872348,thats good. i like success stories. you have a good one. don’t even know you but i’m glad for you. another life claimed and brought back to health.
175872349,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ , I will try this I can’t quite recall if I did this. I hope it works but I’m nervous they will give me an answer!"
175872350,I feel emotions but they are normally bad ones. I feel like I am trying to get out of feeling awful all day. Wish I could go back to feeling happy all day long.
175872351,No they’re sad and afraid.
175872352,"Sounds like classic depression , I hope the med tweaks make a difference."
175872353,"How do you know it’s not already so, I mean technology of today …"
175872354,"Be rational, now."
175872355,thankyou i will do xxx
175872356,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872357,Alright cool. Thats nice.
175872358,I remember INXS well.
175872359,im super excited
174322915,I thing _AT_MENTION_ had some experience with CBD and pains
175872360,I became a night owl after getting on meds but for some reason when I go inpatient my schedule reverts back to normal I’m guessing from the scheduled meal times
175872361,I am watching tv right now and no one is talking about you. We don’t even know who you are.
175872362,Nice use of color.
175872363,"Few random days of 90f here and there, but mostly in the 70f range."
175872364,"I don’t watch tv. It’s too overwhelming to me. Too much simulation and too much to pay attention to. Sometimes I’ll try, but I would rather read a book."
174322914,"Yesterday, in fact, I ate black beans but also fava beans in a soup twice. I read this abstract (knowing that they contain high concentrations of the dopamine precursor dihydroxyphenylalanine (dopa )): Thirteen out of 18 young out-patients with simple schizophrenia under neuroleptic treatment completed a double-blind cross-over trial with Madopar [L-Dopa + benserazid (a peripheral decarboxylase inhibitor)] and placebo. Nine patients were given 900 mg L-Dopa + 225 mg benserazid daily, 1 patient received 600 mg L-Dopa + 150 mg benserazid, and 3 patients, 300 mg L-Dopa + 75 mg benserazid. In these doses, L-Dopa was effective against emotional withdrawal, blunted affect, tendency to isolation and apathy, without inducing or aggravating productive, accessory symptoms. The activity score, according to the specific activity-withdrawal scale, was significantly increased (P less than 0.05), whereas the total BPRS score (Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale) was slightly, but significantly reduced (P less than 0.0
5). In cases where L-Dopa had to be limited to 600 and 300 mg daily, a tendency to anxiety, distortion of thinking, and a sense of unreality were observed, depending on the dose of L-Dopa. In no case were gastrointestinal, cardiovascular or neurological side-effects observed."" PubMed The Effect of L-dopa on Young Patients With Simple Schizophrenia, Treated... Thirteen out of 18 young out-patients with simple schizophrenia under neuroleptic treatment completed a double-blind cross-over trial with Madopar [L-Dopa + benserazid (a peripheral decarboxylase inhibitor)] and placebo. Nine patients were given 900... Maybe here I have some explanation."
175872365,Let her use your bed and you or boyfriend sleep on the couch.
175872366,"Because I thought I was moving. But I wasn’t crazy about the location and changed my mind, but people have pretty much made it impossible to live here. People around here lie for sex traffickers and then put on airs like that makes them so classy. They have a serious self image problem. No one’s going out with a stalking pig because a bunch of dumb-asses think they brainwash people."
175872367,May god help him And he and you see the right way
175872368,"I asked my Pdoc last week about my prolactin. He says there’s no proven issue with it causing any problems. No proven breast cancer No proven brain tumours My breasts are bigger but it’s no big deal, I’d prefer to have high prolactin than to be"
175872369,my voices say that their minds are free and don’t mind taking the time forever to torture me
175872370,"They say food be the driving fuel of a healthy life, so would it in light of a shortage of actual realistic viable supportive group meetings that used to be on offer due to cuts or lack of participation, we now have to rely upon disassociation forums that could be accessed by just about anyone, including the trolly kind, where before it was a private confidential environment to be able to freely and openly discuss our experiences and concerns. So I had a little idea whereby through co-production schemes could initiate a new though very simplistic means could rejuvenate the concept of a group meeting with an activity that was not boring or unappealing to anyone who wished to participate. The relaxed atmosphere if a willing and understanding professional Chef who could teach how to cook Italian or Indian food and have an attentive nature as well as cookout of this world flavors, I think having attended _NAME_ gym a good few years ago can see the huge benefit within theses types of schemes if run appr
opriately, it can enliven camaraderie and procure friendship in troublesome times, the actively and fulfilment of working together under professional guidance to actually in real-time produce something that was tasty and enjoyable to make is of huge importance to emotional well being, opposed to juvenile support workers or out of step political-minded service providers. The main important aspects of actually seeing the people who are like yourself and not having to worry about the invading bait and switch or mobbing upon platforms like these. I would love to hear if anybody has any more ideas like this one, and what you folks would name it."
174322920,https://ir.intracellulartherapies.com/news-releases/news-release-details/intra-cellular-therapies-announces-availability-caplytatm
175872371,So you’re not dx szc? Why would everyone hate u if ur not sz
175872372,You’ll be fine.
175872373,Any recovery stories here? It’s possible right? I can still dream of a day when I don’t have this illness which has been minimized to being like a constant headache…
175872374,"Good for goodness sake should be its own reward, making the world better with a kindness should be fulfilling in itself. To play the Nice guy, and Pretend to be good, In expectation of a woman owing you something is wrong. They talk of good from one side of their mouth, Use often honeyed words, and with the other smirk in selfish scheme."
174322918,"I smoke a lot,take a lot of benzos and drink 2 or 3 beers,but you don’t do the same as me.I’m doing things badly"
175872375,That’s a step in the right direction I walk a lot every day if I can Keep it up
175872376,"No. Or only as a last resort. I first had something with anxiety (ptsd, anxiety disorder). They immediately used seroquel and benzo’s on me without trying cbt or emdr first. Upon cold turkey withdrawal (nobody said i should taper) i first got a fullblown psychosis. I still wonder whether my disease would have progressed in that direction if they had actually helped me get rid of my issues by therapy instead of using an AP. It might be useful if all the other things failed though…with good informed consent."
175872377,"Symptoms severity are different for everyone, some can work but the majority can’t."
175872378,"It’s ok. She’s a phony. High up there with her MD degree and thinks she runs the show. I don’t like her or her last name either cause she might be related to my old private therapist, another money hungry nutcase"
175872379,"I have new booties on. Black one with zippers on the side, a buckle and metal half zippers going around the top. Super bad @**"
175872380,"For low carb you could also eat baked fish and veggies; for example, wild caught salmon and asparagus."
175872381,Its anti Parkinson drug that’s used for many things I dont know if pdocs know that it works for thought broadcasting
175872382,I’m doing good. It’s been a good day today for me.
175872383,I’m moving to California in October!
175872384,I was in a home growing up where I was abused in all the ways that were very bad. So I started hearing voices and seeing things early on but of course no one believed me or cared to do anything for it so with not knowing what it was that I had going on I believed I saw and heard the ways people may or may not end up dieing. It was scary so it eventually became my friends not just one I had six imaginary friends that I grew to be to afraid to tell anyone about.
175872385,The idea of death only comforts me when I’m severely depressed Otherwise I’m scared of it. The thought of being buried makes me feel claustrophobic and suffocated. But I try to tell myself it’s like sleep for many years and it’s not forever. I believe in afterlife Just be right with my God and it will be ok
175872386,I think you should keep your current job. It sounds more secure. Landscaping also sounds physically demanding. It’s a young person job.
175872387,"Can't sleep as usual. This time it's because the angel of the lord came unto me, snatching me up from my place of slumber. And took me on high, and higher still until we moved to the spaces betwixt the air itself. And he brought me into a vast farmlands of our own midwest. And as we descended, cries of impending doom rose from the soil. One thousand, nay a million voices full of fear. And terror possesed me then. And I begged, ""Angel of the Lord, what are these tortured screams?"" And the angel said unto me, ""These are the cries of the carrots, the cries of the carrots! You see, Reverend ..., tomorrow is harvest day and to them it is the holocaust."" And I sprang from my slumber drenched in sweat like the tears of one million terrified brothers and roared, ""Hear me now, I have seen the light! They have a consciousness, they have a life, they have a soul! Damn you! Let the rabbits wear glasses! Save our brothers!"" ^ another hidden track off a Tool album. Adding the second part of it because it's 
a fantastic little piece of writing: ""It was daylight when you woke up in your ditch. You looked up at your sky then. That made blue be your color. You had your knife there with you too. When you stood up there was goo all over your clothes. Your hands were sticky. You wiped them on your grass, so now your color was green. Oh Lord, why did everything always have to keep changing like this. You were already getting nervous again. Your head hurt and it rang when you stood up. Your head was almost empty. It always hurt you when you woke up like this. You crawled up out of your ditch onto your gravel road and began to walk, waiting for the rest of your mind to come back to you. You can see the car parked far down the road and you walked toward it. ""If God is our Father,"" you thought, ""then Satan must be our cousin."" Why didn't anyone else understand these important things? You got to your car and tried all the doors. They were locked. It was a red car and it was new. There was an expensive leather camera cas
e laying on the seat. Out across your field, you could see two tiny people walking by your woods. You began to walk towards them. Now red was your color and, of course, those little people out there were yours too."" (at the end of the song, Disgustipated)"
175872388,"Weary, good to hear from you too. Thank you for the well wishes. It’s a LONG road for her but I’m hoping she’s ready for all of it. The kids are SO big now. 8 and 4! They’ve both been home doing school online so talk about quality time. I’m personally at the hospital waiting for an ultrasound of the gallbladder while they try and figure out what’s wrong with my stomach. I’m still banking on 2020 stress being the culprit!"
175872389,That’s wassup then!! I’ll keep that in mind when I’m ready to make official music in the studio this winter Once my bronchitis goes away imma start to get ready with my lyrics. Hell I will already. But yeah I have bronchitis. Good news is some device made it go away 50%. Now I need antibiotics and inhaler. Dude but is this a different from your other “song4”??
175872390,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175872391,"thats all it takes, what can’t she just do this. Its not that hard is it. My aic is 5.4 now."
175872392,I’d say drink water instead of juice or soda buying bottled water is better than tap water because it makes you crave it more
175872393,_PHONE_NO_
175872394,"PubMed Central (PMC) Recent Insights into the Neurobiology of Impulsivity Impulsivity is associated with various psychopathologies, and elevated impulsivity is typically disadvantageous. This manuscript reviews recent investigations into the neurobiology of impulsivity using human imaging techniques and animal models. Both..."
175872395,Why do you have anxiety though?
174322923,because it uncontrollably changed his affect
175872396,Thanks SP
175872397,My doctor feels that Klonopin is the best benzo to take.
175872398,i have panic attacks everyday for years and no i dont
175872399,…any normal person would feel or react the same way to (—Insert Issue Here—) I keep getting this. What does it mean? Are they telling me I am concerned over nothing? It feels demeaning to get told this over and over again. I don’t care if I react to (—Insert Issue Here—) like a reasonable person. They give me these diagnosis’s and then tell me everything is normal. ???? off
174322924,"Masturbation can worsen negative symptoms. It create tiredness, lack of interest in other activities."
175872400,Wow. That’s too extreme.
175872401,Brain thing. It’s just my brain thing. _PERSON_ has a brain thing. Just _PERSON_ brain thing acting up.
175872402,I really like them. The first one reminds me of a rubbled town after an air raid in ww2. Like looking down from a plane.
175872403,I have no more than 3 cups a day. Maybe more maybe less for others.
175872404,I’m no good. I curse at people. I’m not faking _NAME_ ????. I’m super off in the head.a guy up above said something negative.
175872405,"For a long time I was obsessed with going to a dentist. Maybe because I wasn’t allowed to put my hands near my mouth so any attention was wanted. Then, I became afraid of them and wouldn’t brush my teeth. I haven’t been to a dentist for years. Just venting one or my problems."
175872406,"No, i dont do illegal drugs. I’m very careful and cautious. Meds just stop working."
175872407,Thanks _NAME_
175872408,Post a picture when you finish the blanket. Ive crocheted quite a few myself.
175872409,"The Gateway Pundit – 20 Mar 20 HUGE DEVELOPMENT! ... Now 3 International Studies Find Chloroquine with... HUGE BREAKING NEWS— There are now THREE international studies — China, Australia and France — that found that Chloroquine with Azithromycin Shows 100% Success Rate in Treating Coronavirus in 6 Days! We have reported on the success of Chloroquine..."
175872410,Happy new year!!!!! I'm druuuuuunnnnk
175872411,"I think I just pray for you and it can drive the ghosts out of your body. You know it is a type of ancient magic. Maybe it is useful or maybe not. Also,I had _PERSON_ for 25 years and I am from Shenyang, Liaoning Province, China."
175872412,"I""m going to start saving. well first pay off some debt than save. thanks rogue. I think i just got dark there for a little bit. sometimes i just need someone to talk too."
175872413,"By my present. How well I’m doing right now, trying to find heaven in the moment, being at peace. Past hurts, future terrifies. Least for me. I know I always say it, but it’s true, your poems are always great brain food for thought. Thank you EH. Wishing you well."
175872414,Usually cereal like wheetabix if I’m feeling healthy
175872415,"_PERSON_, I completely understood what your going through. I wish could offer you some good advice, but I'm in the same predicament. I have a crap load of student debt and other bills. The only thing that's helping me is focusing on other things. A part time job is a great idea. I'm thinking of getting one as well. Hopefully, we'll get financial stable."
175872416,Never had it before but I will take a double order.
175872417,I had a BBQ picnic outside by the lake.. My mom made Greek salad and made hamburgers.. Then we swam in the lake... Cool water not too cold. I'm afraid of having another panic attack
175872418,We need someone to fight for our rights… discrimination is rampant out there. Sorry it’s so bad in your country _AT_MENTION_-ploravit .
175872419,"Con-venience, con-formity, con-straint. Everybody’s been conned basically."
175872420,"I guess everyone is different, you have to find the right meds for you that works. I found mine then."
175872421,Thank you Mr _PERSON_
174322926,"I eventually will fully treat my schizophrenia, rheumatoid arthritis and chronic headache, and will blog about it thoroughly. I may have to use affiliate marketing links to cover hosting costs though, but I don’t see it as some runaway success idea. People want credentials before they follow medical advice, and all I have are anecdotes and study links."
175872422,Hey nice to meet ya. Welcome here. How long ago did you have the psychosis and how long did it last May I ask? Are you on an ap?
175872423,"The side effects I have are: Fatigue Sexual disfunction Heat intolerance Zoning out The pros outweigh the cons, though. Vraylar was good for me but it stopped working after about 1 year. Hopefully, Invega doesn’t stop working for me."
175872424,Were your hallucinations visual or auditory?
175872425,"I dont think she’s trolling, she’s been posting about North Korea for ages."
175872426,"I’m really jealous, where’s mine? I mean didn’t it just get signed a day or two ago? Glad you got yours though!"
175872427,"I have a fig tree in my garden, they are pretty uncommon in scandinavia, and i doubt they are as sweet as in your natal country, but my figs are better than those bought in my local supermarket. Just add some fat yoghurt and topped with honey… ahh."
175872428,Is it normal for panic attacks to last hours. I’ve been experiencing them more lately and it is starting to get in the way of my life. Now I find myself avoiding things I can identify as triggers
175872429,"I seriously think our world would do a lot better if these concepts were more widespread and integrated into our current models of thinking. I’ve been trying to ‘be positive’ for so long I had to question, “Why don’t I feel good then?”. The video explains a LOT. But the main takeaway that I got was that trying to be positive when you’re in pain is basically just a distraction. It doesn’t actually heal the wounds and pretty much keeps you locked in despair/misery/etc… Great! Can’t say it’s helped yet. Just a bit refreshing to hear when you get frustrated and losing your wits because ‘being positive’ gets you nowhere (that genuinely feels good)."
175872430,Welp awake again tonight...not sure why.
175872431,thank you. I never heard of it til today. I think mine is more like one event.
175872432,"You sound symptomatic _AT_MENTION_ Like _AT_MENTION_ said, talk it over with your doctor."
175872433,That’s all I do to feel better. Nothing seems to work sometimes.
174322933,This was brought back by _AT_MENTION_ I wanted to add strong dose of trauma. Thanks.
175872434,"I pick my scalp with super short nails, I just come at an angel or pick until the nail pull up some. I’m sorry you deal with it too."
175872435,Pure jazz radio on Apple tunes
175872436,I was sitting here wondering what I should be doing to improve my chances of living longer. Then I realised it’s all just down to luck anyway. So I calmed down.
175872437,I feel so lucky and blessed today. Heat no more. Autumn melancholic now. I love it
175872438,really i feel dumber.
175872439,Just got a bike tool I ordered from Shimano in Tokyo in March!! Love amazon during COVID!!!
175872440,I took my Rx.
175872441,"Similar...,,"
175872442,They say iam going to hell for smoking cigs and that’s why they treat me so bad cuz I cant quit
175872443,"Nice poem. Yes. I am a very patient person, but sometimes I just can’t help it if someone is pushing my buttons. I try not to let it shine through though."
175872444,"Just the area I know in the centre of town , close to where I live . Going to another town by myself is out of the question . Poor navigational skills can really restrict you ."
175872445,"I’m sorry you lost your mom. It’s hard being on this planet without your mom. I miss my mom everyday and it’s been 7 years now. I’m glad you’re enjoying your stepmom though, that’s good. I’m glad your dad has someone."
175872446,What’s a tinder date?
175872447,Best of luck with the project
174322938,_AT_MENTION_ Looks like it’s for eyes. Do you drop it in your mouth?
175872448,That’s so good
175872449,Yikes
175872450,Do they tell you what they are? Mine have appeared as various types of humans as well as aliens.
175872451,"post them guys, heres the one im listening to _NAME_ legendary song “if i had you”"
175872452,I got the Pfizer vaccine. I don’t know how I got it this soon. I was invited to receive it by my social worker.
175872453,I got me a cool pair of pants recently. Too small. So I will lose weight. But today I Chinese food cuz fiancé wanted it so oh well. But Hispanic people do the cooking at Chinese food places in this region. Might be Caucasian people too.
175872454,"I don’t think he meant just verbal interactions. I think he meant that the more you think about, focus on and try to communicate with your voices, the more complicated and life-like they become. And it’s good that you try to do reality checks, but I think it would be better if you could somehow just convince yourself once and for all that they aren’t real. Not saying that’s possible or easy, but it would probably make your voices better if you were able to do that."
175872455,Glad to hear it _AT_MENTION_.
175872456,Thank you. I am having an extremely difficult day today. So the kindness means a lot.
175872457,It’s your turn to be the center of attention.
175872458,It looked like I would have a good day today but some voices and limitations kept me at home - I forced myself to get out of the house and go to the dollar store for mouthwash - I came home laid down … Thinking to myself ‘i am so unhappy’ it’s like Im between awake and asleep with a sadness in my heart
175872459,Not nearly as bad as this one time I went to McDonald’s I tried placing my order and the employee kept saying “no” literally saying no to my face and I stood there for 5 mins and he still wouldnt take my order I know he was just messing around but it was really not cool
175872460,This must be stressful. Sorry to hear you are going through this. I would call up your old Dr. And explain your situation to them. See if they will then fill your meds.
175872461,"You’re lucky, if people want to live they should be able too. I am not advocating killing off the mentally ill, however in my case living treatment resistant would not acceptable to me."
175872462,"_AT_MENTION_ , they are fairly easy… some of the drills are more difficult as you have to get the angles right, on a normal painting you only have do that with squares. The tree probably took me 3 or 4 hours all up."
175872463,I rediscovered myself basically
175872464,"the Guardian – 15 Mar 20 Chaos as 30,000 British tourists told to leave French ski resorts Urgent repatriation efforts under way after French mountain resorts closed to tackle coronavirus"
174322939,hindawi.com Residual Negative Symptoms Differentiate Cognitive Performance in Clinically... Cognitive deficits in various domains have been shown in patients with bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. The purpose of the present study was to examine if residual psychopathology explained the difference in cognitive function between clinically... Interesting article on cognitive deficits in stable individuals with schizophrenia and bipolar.
175872465,Thanks bb! I'm writing and reading books now lol!
175872466,"It’s gonna take time, take your time, some dont think patience is a virtue and take it in laughter thinking is the weak man feeling. But I think, in the world of today we need patience more then ever."
175872467,"Whatever I say, think, talk about, dream etc. it’s on the tv. What the hell?"
174322937,Saphris got rid of all my intrusive thoughts but it also turned me into a zombie and caused a little weight gain.
175872468,"WPA2 - PSK, to me its super complicated security stuff. I’ll have to mark this case as another unknown. Thanks, guys."
175872469,I will be taking the rest of my supplements shortly.
175872470,"People are 'Winner Take All"" with the social part of socio-economics just like they are with the economics part alone. As someone once said “The more help you need; the less you get” and the “less help you need, the more you get”. I made a mistake today and it’s fresh, so I maybe need this site today."
175872471,"That’s understanble, from what you share here you have lots of symptoms."
175872472,Ok no harm done
174322941,"Keep a journal of how you are feeling and what you are experiencing. I think you are concerned if you have it at this point. so look into it. But you sound well and you are compensating and handling it so far. It is borderline I think. You sound well but most of the people here sound well and like the are handling sz. But I know they are not. No body can make you see a pdoc, but if it gets worse you know where to go for help. You will have to get over your mistrust and learn to work with them. if your ok for now you are ok for now. jmo JLY"
175872473,"No, I don’t, but it might be worth looking into. Thanks for the suggestion."
175872474,"Nice sunny day skiing. Went home, got a little stoned and now I'm tired and might sleep idk... My cold is gone but might come back in the morning - Or not."
175872475,I pretty much said I was ok and stable. So no changes to anything. It only lasted about 10 minutes.
175872476,I have a hard time trusting others. Especially authority figures.
174322944,"Hello ttwagster, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about schizophrenia _USER_ID_ on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Inspire search: schizophrenia _USER_ID_ We hope this helps! TeamInspire"
175872477,"I was molested too, _AT_MENTION_. We’re not the trash, molesters are worse than trash."
175872478,"I feel so agitated. Having a long to-do list for today is making me agitated. Well, I already felt agitated before that but it's making it worse. I want to punch myself"
175872479,From end of June to beginning of August
175872480,"I wish I was more compassionate. I feel like I’m too busy worrying about my own problems to worry about others, but I’m working on it"
175872481,Wow your a live one. You type like a 15 year old… but people might begin to even question that. Are you a dude? I feel like most trolls are dudes.
175872482,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175872483,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872484,I hope in light of this they adjust the flight paths.
175872485,"The moths are fat from feasting; I stare in my new unknowingness: gift; I have no more craving for forgotten lore, I who could not be warned Wear the moths like clothes."
175872486,I socialize mostly with my family. You just kinda have to go do it. I keep up with the calendar and try to make an appearance every few weeks so I keep in touch. For me the getting out of the house is the hard part and once I’m out it gets easier.
175872487,"Whatever works is good. We’re all different and finding something that works and that we can stick to is what matters. If I run into a roadblock, I might give it a try."
175872488,"Well written and congratulations, you’re awesome."
175872489,Placebo is also a small effect.
175872490,Content with life. Doesn’t looks like it’s gonna change for the better on the horizon.
175872491,Yes if I’m by myself I get very paranoid and I’m not able to sleep.
175872492,"Thanks everybody!! Glad some of you addressed this issue--I have a mild case, like I said..I think it is why I am such a neat freak, all of my possessions have to be in a certain order and I can tell if somebody has been in my stuff cause they don't put my items back in the right place..I am also checking my door knobs at night several times before I go to bed or I can't go to sleep...Just little things like that, I lose it if anything is moved around in my apartment, this condition drives me crazy sometimes...8-//"
174322945,This is why it’s called schizophrenia. I have delusions too so I feel I have the right to tell you that whole TV incident was a delusion. You are not connected in any way to the reporters or to the bank and neither is the remote. Just take your meds and see a doctor regularly and delusions like this will lessen in time. Have a nice day (if you can) and welcome to our little corner of the world!
175872493,"Im about 154 pounds (11 stone, 70kg) - and my diet is terrible, usually sugary stuff and coffee. I eat what i like- when im hungry, which isnt as often as id like it to be. But i take multi-vits and minerals every morning. Im doing ok - i think. I look like a garden rake being 6 foot 5 tall lol."
175872494,"That’s what I think of listening to the news, lately. Oh, well, I didn’t let it scare me away."
175872495,"Merry Christmas, _AT_MENTION_ I’ve missed you."
175872496,"I’ve been poor and happy, I’ve been rich and happy. I’ve been poor and depressed, I’ve been rich and depressed. I think money makes things a lot easier, But it doesn’t equal happiness."
175872497,I also think rispiridone is cheap like 30 bucks for meds by mouth. My injection costs 550 a month i pay 120 my insurance pays rest
174322949,That was my experience exactly lol. Life has never been that exciting since.
175872498,Good luck _AT_MENTION_. Take it one step at a time and don’t forget to breathe. It might not be as bad as you think.
175872499,Sorry I’m not blanking u I just dunno wat to say to that lol!!
175872500,Definitely
175872501,Same here. What are you reading at the moment?
175872502,Let’s Pretend That We Are Birds as We Walk on The Soft Ground
175872503,Who? _PHONE_NO_ Character limit
175872504,"Oh, I made some all right. I didn’t grow up in a healthy household and autism combined with disfigured morals is a lousy combination. Drugs and booze were the gasoline on that fire. The important thing is that I know not to repeat those mistakes nowadays and that I can work with others in sobriety as a form of restitution for past actions."
175872505,_AT_MENTION_ I hope that it goes away without a single thought of the virus. I’m under the understanding that many of the people getting sick are at least one step removed from a traveler.
175872506,"I hear you. I managed a week on the vape - and i was getting along quite well with it. Until on a whim a bought 30g Tobbacoo yesterday. Need a new ecig - its driving me mad the batterys only lasting an hour, going flat - just when you need a smoke."
175872507,I want to go back to school but ssd wrote me a letter and asked if I was in school.
175872508,Usually you don’t need to worry about that until you make enough money to have to pay taxes.....
175872509,"Been on it long. Works on positive symtoms, but not sleep and stuff."
175872510,"Hi, I’m new here and currently a sophomore at a challenging university. Recently, my depression and anxiety have gotten the best of me and I have found myself unmotivated and behind on a lot of my school work and also not going into my job. I’m still on my meds and seeing a therapist weekly. Does anybody have any ideas on how to motivate yourself when you find your depression is winning??"
175872511,Can you breastfeed while on antipsychotics? Thinking of getting pregnant.
175872512,"_PERSON_, you’re always supportive on the forum, and we all appreciate it. I hope you feel better soon!"
175872513,Maybe try a more ketogenic diet and vitamins
175872514,"nice going _AT_MENTION_, do you find that you have adjusted to no coffee ?"
175872515,Reliable tests for sz are still in their infancy. It’s common for scans to fail to reveal brain abnormalities in sz sufferers.
175872516,Yea I can imagine u being good at public speaking
175872517,Who is interested in blogging? I am planning to go ahead with it to make it full-time. Any insights or suggestions are welcome.
175872518,"I only wrote one chapter, 50% true, 50% imagination. Let me know what you think Chapter One I laid on the hotel bed. Took a new selfie, I had recently done a balayage on my hair after all, platinum blonde. I’ve always been a brunette, I kept looking at the picture to confirm I was indeed half-blonde, half-brunette. Why did I always have to be a brunette? I unpacked my reusable plastic bag in the dimly lit hotel room, August had been a disaster. There was my office mug, a jar of Nescafe Gold, my iPhone charging cable, a book about graphic design, a journal, some pens. I had just lost my job an hour ago, at 9:15 am sharp. “You just can’t focus” “You got so much on your mind” my manager had told me. Unfortunately, It was true. Anxiety sucks I told myself, I didn’t deserve this with all the hard work I’ve been doing to maintain my job. 3 Months in, my manager fired me without a second thought. I was just a number in their huge corporation, a useless sheep, cropping pictures and pasting 
price tags on ready-made packages. I kept making mistakes because I couldn’t focus. I had nothing to do, I opened my MacBook and wrote a message to my girlfriend on my WhatsApp Mac application. I didn’t wanna tell her I got fired. The feeling sucked other than admitting I no longer could do the 9-6 pm work shift. At 28 years old, I didn’t have the health to keep up with a regular boring underpaid job. I had a good savings account from freelancing for many years, so I was not worried. They paid me 4 days extra along with my biweekly salary and let me go in the morning, they didn’t even wait until it was dawn so I could walk out with some dignity. “You can keep this” My manager had told me while giving me the reusable plastic bag full of my of- fice clutter. “Hey _PERSON_” I said “Do you wanna meet for a drink tonight at the hotel lobby?” “I am not doing well” 1 There was no answer. Probably she was busy at her job working at the learning disability centre. She was such a better human th
an I ever was. She cared more about helping others and making a difference in the world around us. She slept in the cen- _NAME_, cooked meals for the patients, bathed them. I didn’t have that kind of patience or grace. I walked back to the bed and laid down. My apartment had flooded two months ago when my landlord sent a plumber to fix my clogged bathroom. It was an old building, from 1960’s, 3 and a half with a medium sized kitchen and a very old bath- room. The guy had told me it’s fixed but when I woke up in the morning to the sound of water I freaked out. Between the landlord and the insurance company, the insur- ance company had given me a choice to select a hotel to stay in until they fixed the flooded apartment. Obviously I had selected the closest hotel to my new job, it was 15 minutes walking distance. The hotel had a questionable quality. In the morning I saw gentlemen having meet- ings and corporate gatherings when I went down to light a cigarette with my morning coffee in my flip-flops. In t
he evenings I saw drunken and possibly drugged prostitutes waking across the hallway to their rooms when I returned from work. My room was pretty big and had a small built-in kitchen. They didn’t do the daily main- tenance though, I didn’t have a designated cleaning person who did my dishes, they piled up within one week of staying there until one day I complained to the lobbyist. They did send someone to clean the room the next day but that was the only time within the two months that I had stayed there. “Another month to go” I told myself. I was stuck in this hotel room for another month without a job until my apartment was fixed. I didn’t have anything to look forward to."
174322953,Can you maybe take a hundred tid?
175872519,Seems like a lot of people feel like shyt today. Sorry to hear that. Let's try to lift each other up today.
175872520,I experienced those kinds of meds before. The feeling is bored and plain all time.
175872521,I get 900$ a month 50$ car insurance 50$ phone bill 300-400$ food 200$ vape supplies 200$ savings
175872522,"We all can’t be Mark _PERSON_’s. He did hit on a great idea, but from what I know of it he worked pretty hard to establish his business too. You can have tons of grey matter, but just thinking alone won’t get you wealth and riches. I guess it is like it says in the joke."
175872523,"Lately I’ve been hearing a lot of humming, buzzing, ringing and whirring in both ears. Sometimes it gets really loud like auditory hallucinations do. It’s got me wondering. What is it? Why does it get louder like that? It’s to the point that I want to talk to the doctor about it, but I don’t know which doctor to tell, my pdoc or my regular nurse practitioner. I’m thinking there’s something wrong with my ears but what if it’s auditory hallucinations? Do you ever hallucinate sounds other than voices?"
174322951,What were your intrusive thoughts like? I have them too. You say abilify helped so im considering. Im non compliant with meds due to my ocd intrusive thoughts so im gonna have to get the depot shot
175872524,"(((Off Topic Slightly))) I Once Laughed. And Laughed. And Laughed. And Laughed. And Was Confused. And Laughed Some More. Then I Realized Something…, When You Laugh, Your Brain is Stuttering. Does Anyone Else Think That May Be True (???)."
175872525,"Believe it or now, I know how you feel. It’s like a wave of frustration comes over you, and all you can think is “why bother?”"
175872526,exist when your feeling blue from all the hard things she put you through .
175872527,"Don’t know, its difficult. The witchdoctor don’t know what role in which movie i am playing. Mental and physical illnesses are two different pairs of shoes. Sometimes i thought i was on a reality tv show. For a musclecramp i can do something more practical. I think sometimes its all about anxiety."
175872528,She knows i have a high rate.
174322956,"It’s called “thought broadcasting,” and it’s a common feature of schizophrenia and related mental illnesses."
175872529,"Speaking of quarantine...we actually can’t go out until Friday....bf had to take a covid test prior to his colonoscopy and he needs to self quarantine before the procedure. It’s going to be 91 ...no way I’m sitting in the car for two hours, probably going to Home Depot and getting a plant....I want some sort of hanging basket...maybe a geranium."
174322952,"Well sure, becoming schizophrenic is a game changer. It will affect you in some way. But it may be that you just haven’t found the right job yet. I got diagnosed in 1980 and didn’t work again for three years. My first job post-diagnosis I lasted four years as a maintanence person. That was despite fatigue from my meds, psychosis and even being an addict for the last year and a half there. I didn’t particularly like the job but it was a good fit at the time. And that’s my point. I’ve had more than a dozen jobs since 1982. A lot of them I didn’t like or do well at. But at a few of them I excelled. And the thing is you can’t predict how a job will work out, you just have to try it and hope for the. best. You may find a job tomorrow where your co-workers are cool, the work isn’t abnormally hard and your boss likes you. That’s how being employed works. I mean out of all the jobs I’ve had I got fired from half of them. That doesn’t mean that I can’t go right back out a week or a m
onth later and get a new one and do great at it and last three or four years. Because that’s how employment works. I would say to persevere and maybe aim just a little lower in your expectations of the jobs you go for. You can still get a good job but you may never be a lawyer or a doctor."
175872530,"I’m not hurt really. She’s hurt me so, so many times in our time together that she is no longer capable of hurting me in the least. I am now truly inviolable."
175872531,Why does keeping their number cause them to not contact you? I’m not understanding what happened. But I’m sorry it seems you’re not getting the jobs. That really blows
175872532,I know its for people in danger of killing themselves or hurt others at the time i was and my husband couldnt handle me at all i went home self harmed there has been times where i was a lot worse and they did nothing
175872533,it was useful yea… i didn’t like it but they did help me.
175872534,"Bill _PERSON_, the monster, is putting implants in African women’s uterus, and they’re volunteering."
175872535,"You don’t need to be embarrassed.....we’ve all been there, you’re among friends."
175872536,"I’ve been realizing lately that all of my failure is the result of my own decisions and my own behavior. Sure, I had a few problems that occurred during my childhood, but I would have pulled out of it if I hadn’t made some bad decisions."
175872537,"Don’t Ask Me Where Thus Endless Thread Of Seeming Poetry Is Coming From. What It Is _AT_MENTION_, What It Is… . …"
175872538,mine are like this
175872539,Quitting smoking Depression Not enough socialization Scatterbrained sza symptoms
175872540,Please talk to your doctor or psychiatrist.
175872541,"Let's see, Library, books, 3 Walgreens, meds and green tea Local grocery, mum's meds, English muffins, butter, soy milk, ice cream, golash, jello, and chocolate syrup"
175872542,"There is this video on youtube about a guy who faked something to get out of into a hospital. He then convinced the people at broodmoor (worst mental hospital on earth probably) that he faked mental illness after finding out what a dumb thing he did. They accepted that he faked it but then diagnosed him as a psychopath (antisocial personality disorder) for being a manipulator, which means he will be locked up for life. You might get diagnosed with persecutory delusions and be on depot injections for life. Faking stuff is really dumb. jonronson.com the psychopath test | jonronson.com _NAME_.com Transcript of ""Strange answers to the psychopath test"" _NAME_ Talk Subtitles and Transcript: Is there a definitive line that divides crazy from sane? With a hair-raising delivery, _NAME_, author of The Psychopath Test, illuminates the gray areas between the two. (With live-mixed sound by _NAME_..."
175872543,Trust me - Your not Psychic. Its a delusion i had for years before i was medicated. Your mother shouldnt be putting ideas in your head.
175872544,Just remember they are not so called delusions. They are delusions!
175872545,What med and dose stop your voice? Any side effect from your med?
175872546,"I get my hopes up and think I can do things that involve working, volunteering, or maybe getting my masters degree. Getting my masters degree is an unrealistic expectation and shouldn’t even be on my list. Why do I have unrealistic dreams, and cant think within my means? When I look at that list, masters degree is what sticks out to me though. My stability has been nothing but up and down the past 1/2 year. I just want to be stable so I can do an actual realistic goal."
175872547,Like when you get a random thought in your head that makes you very uncomfortable that doesn’t go away really. For me it sometimes is a little like paranoia like “I’m going to go psychotic and kill someone” but then I get my bearings and it passes
175872548,I take Cogentin and sometimes put my feet on cold or ice packs during the night. It all seems to help.
175872549,I’m sorry. Why don’t you like the cymbalta?
175872550,He is doing pretty good actually. He has his head screwed on right and the kids are his priority. He needs help though. Housing is a big issue because there’s such a shortage here. But he just filled out 3 applications and he should have priority because he’s homeless. So I’m hoping he can keep it together in the meantime.
175872551,My memory and critical thinking have gotten pretty bad. I’ve had problems with paranoia for 11+ years
175872552,What’s the procedure there if you think you have it ?
175872553,Put some vinegar on it helps lol jk idk man neosporin try that out.
175872554,"Here there are security cameras and security works at the front desk so if someone from the building takes your package it would be caught on tape. Sorry that happened to you though, that really sucks"
175872555,I have an awful reaction between respiridone and the antibiotic metronidazole. My liver failed to metabolise respiridone properly and the levels in my blood went up by magnitudes. Couldn’t walk for two months. I could kinda hobble but was as stiff as a plank of wood. My akathisia was of epic proportions. Stopped in an emergency lay-by just to walk about. Was absolutely horrible
175872556,Life is trippy as it is. We should not forget that. Normies have it rough too.
175872557,It took me 9 months to relapse on no AP....problem is in the kindling theory each episode makes your brain worse so it’s often not worth the risk.
175872558,Freak on a leash?
175872559,4.) In The Darkest of Caves. Love is Unreal. The Reality is. It is Real.
175872560,"600mg a day generally. Here’s the low down on side effects webmd.com N-ACETYL CYSTEINE (NAC): Overview, Uses, Side Effects, Precautions,... Learn more about N-ACETYL CYSTEINE (NAC) uses, effectiveness, possible side effects, interactions, dosage, user ratings and products that contain N-ACETYL CYSTEINE (NAC)."
175872561,How are things going with the trileptal _AT_MENTION_ Tripper ?
175872562,"Marriage s as other relationships change. I think you should express to her how you feel. Without blame. You still love her, and made a decsion, that I am assuming took a lot of long hard disscussions. I would if it were me express that your love has evolved not disappeared. Think of things you miss or can bring back to help grow back together. Sometimes we just need to accept that it still hurts, even though we are no longer bleeding out. Possibly share your fears and include solutions. Forgiveness does not mean you have to forget... Just remember to let go. Don't be afraid to ask for what you need."
175872563,Mine claimed to be telling me the future for years. They always wound up getting stuff wrong. Funny as hell now that I look back and think of how seriously I took it. I shouldn’t have. Neither should you. Meds and therapy can help you get past this. Welcome to the community.
175872564,"I have no idea if things got deleted. I assume if they were, it was for reasons of either rule breaking or the OP of those posts asking for their post to be deleted, since that is the only reason things get deleted."
175872565,"I’m about 30 kg over my ideal, but I’ve been maintaining for about 8 months after losing 40 kg last year."
174322964,For god’s sake it’s true. Why on earth would anybody want this deadly disease.
175872566,We have such beautiful minds.. Ok sleep ..
175872567,"I’m already 65, and no I’m not planning on dying this year. So I’m not worry about it."
174322969,_AT_MENTION_ would it work in combination with sbilify
175872568,IMG_20200414_1322233840×5120 3.63 MB
175872569,Why is everyone buying all the toilet paper?
175872570,I don’t feel loneliness at all. My father comes here every couple days. And one worker of him returned back from poland to us. We live in the same house. Since january the 1. I have seen him just 4 times. I can’t feel lonely. Maybe because there are always some people from time to time.
175872571,That’s sounds true from what you’ve said in the past. Maybe bring it up with the counselor themselves. Say you want to work on being more independent of them.
175872572,What if a grizzly bear was driving a drag race car.
175872573,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _PERSON_ thread.
175872574,"I am not suggesting anything, should it be legalized? At least you got better, I didn’t after 10 years of trying tons of antipsychotics."
175872575,Got the second result back and this time from mydnage.com. It says my DNA shows I’m 60 on the inside. This one is based on an Extended Horvath DNA clock which measures epigenetic methylation. The company and measurement method are both completely different from the Inside Tracker method used in the first result above.
174322963,"I think i was manic for the few months i was taking abilify. Its kinda nice when things get done, im gonna ask my doc if i can take a low dose of it, like 5 or 10 mg. Thats good tho that you got some stuff done."
174322966,"No. Psychosis NOS is what a lot of people originally get diagnosed with. It means you don’t currently meet the diagnostic criteria for an other, more common disorder. In the case of schizophrenia, the symptoms must persist for a minimum of six months. So for a lot of schizophrenics, when they first get sick they are diagnosed with psychosis NOS. Then, six months later, if they still struggle, they are reclassified into schizophrenia. If they develop a mood component, they are reclassified into bipolar or schizoaffective or psychotic depression, etc."
174322970,I wish _PERSON_ talked more about negative symptoms. I didn’t expect them and they limit my activity.
175872576,"Yes, coffee helps me sleep, I’ve always wondered why that was, tea as well, not sure about taurine, I went through a phase of drinking it, but was worried it was not natural, does red bull contain synthetic taurine, what about coke, is the caffeine in that synthetic as well, I always thought they got it from cola beans. Do you have any opinion about them;?;"
175872577,"those are intrusive thoughts, they are not real, they are false thoughts, I treat it like a test, i am being tested but as i sit on the right side of the fence i know what is good and what is bad, meds help a lot."
175872578,I think I have ADD cos I’ve studied many things in different colleges and have zero degrees. Like I got A’s in my classes but I never took the final exam.
175872579,And so many people came to see it they started to charge emissions and made a million dollars in a week
175872580,"I'm answering because I've had depression. You are usually busy during the day and do not have time to think about being sad. You may try hard to maintain appearances at school or at work. Your mood may also start to change as the day gets darker though. You may be alone, or even with your mates. And the negative thoughts start when you may have time to sit down. You're going to fight it but that's unlikely. Your mind and bodywork together and the sadness returns as the mood darkens. You should try looking at your daily habits. Drinking alcohol is a depressant in the evening. To have nobody to speak to or even watch the news every night may trigger a change of mood. You may have an unrecognized condition that may cause depression and if this occurs you should be checked by a doctor. My depression was caused by a thyroid disorder and I did not see a doctor until I was unable to function, since I was working and caring for a young child at the time. Sadly, I am not a therapist so I would recommend se
eing one if this continues to concern you. It is possible that your depression can get worse and harder to treat."
175872581,Then I am not sure why are you constantly asking the same questions over and over again. Do you need a medicine for autism like your schizophrenia?
175872582,Very cool!!! I love when you mix it up a bit!
175872583,"You’ve gotta roll with the punches there. Don’t take anything personally. Employees at SoS are in a perpetually bad mood, but with today being Monday, you might be in luck and get an abnormally happy clerk."
175872584,_PERSON_ :(( that is the hell
175872585,"I know there is someone watching but it doesnt bother me. There is security cameras everywhere. I know this might be hard to understand but even though there are cameras everywhere and I know I am being watched by security (maybe), I still feel like im being watched. But even more specific is everything your looking at around you feels out of place. It’s the hardest feeling I could ever explain to anyone. But one person in this thread said PNES, but im not having seizures. So what could it actually be?. Thats the question. On a last note this horrible feeling does go away after watching some TV for a couple hours. I am still going to blame the bright lights at work because how else would this be happening?."
175872586,"another thing that got into my head. was that if i pooped outside it would warm things up in the winter. i thought the sewer system was responsible for our cold winters because of some kind of bad karma from it. so for a year i pooped in a bucket and tilled it into mom’s flower garden outside and we continued to experience a warmer winter. one time i used the bathroom and flushed the toilet and immediately panicked that i would be arrested, so i fled into the woods and was going to follow the river to new york state. when i got in the woods i started hallucinating and being tormented and eventually i hiked down from the ridge line and back home, thinking i had gotten away with my crime."
175872587,"Here we only have one NHS supported living place. It has 40 beds for a population of 100,000 people. I am sure there are private ones, but I would not trust them The NHS one is like a hospital, and when you’re ready you get discharged back into the community. It’s something I think would have helped me at time of diagnosis, but instead they let me discharge myself completely with no support for two years. I had no insight into the illness, and knew nothing about med side effects One would hope now they wouldn’t let that happen to anybody, as it pushed my recovery back by at least two years"
174322958,"Recovery statistics. Bleh. It’s going to always depend on the source and it also depends on what constitutes a “complete” recovery to a professional or to a schizophrenic person. It can mean different things to different people. Opinions vary. I guess a couple of factors to look at are “loss of symptoms”. Another factor is degree of functioning. It gets confusing because conceivably someone’s symptoms may “disappear” but that person may not be able to hold down a job. Yet, someone with symptoms still plaguing them may hold a job or go to school. I’ve heard more than one person state that they are fully recovered because they have no symptoms, but they still need medication. Does that constitute a full recovery?"
175872588,The Holidays are dangerous because they are charged with all kind of messages about what we should do and what we should feel.
175872589,"According to wikipedia It is taken by mouth, and it may take up to four weeks for an effect So that’s probably not going to work for me unfortunately"
175872590,LS! I always read on my bed too. But I do yoga every day. That really does a miracle.
175872591,Do some writing Try to go outside Catch up with friends
175872592,"Ho hum another day stuck at home. I have underlying conditions that only allow me one day a week to get out. Walmart opens Tue 6-7am for elderly and those with underlying medical conditions. It's actually tough for me to get up that early, but in the end I get to pick up some comfort food and things to occupy my time at home. I'm trying not to go every week, need to save money too. The thing that helps me the most is my cat. I got her last Aug and she has the funniest personality of any cat I've had."
175872593,"No body fat is not food to the brain. The only thing it may send to the brain is inflammatory messengers, not a good thing. That is the case with excess body fat, it becomes some kind of endocrine organ releasing chemical inflammatory messengers. Into the bloodstream. As far as I’m aware. I don’t know if it releases fatty acids into the blood too. It might do actually come to think of it"
175872594,You’re moving? Where? Good luck I hope it goes well.
175872595,"That’s good. You can also call your insurance and ask them if this person is in network. I got burned one time when I trusted a dr office that they were in network. Well, when the time came to bill the insurance they suddenly realized they were out of network. I ended up with a big bill that my insurance wouldn’t cover"
174322979,Thanks for the advice _AT_MENTION_ . My life still is affected and I only work part time hours. I am with a CPN and an employment support person and have a psychiatrist and have just had some psychological therapies.
175872596,"I have a family session with my therapist tomorrow, my grandpa, grandma, and mom are gonna be there."
175872597,"So the DOING THINGS I've been explaining has a word... ""Procrastination"".. I forgot about that word.."
175872598,"I try not to speculate too much and just salvage what I can of what I can. But honestly, I’d probably still be working full-time in retail if I hadn’t fallen ill, and I’m pursuing other opportunities now, so not a major loss regardless."
175872599,I have kids. They’re the greatest thing that’s ever happened to me. I was in and out of the psych ward for a few years but my husband handled things during those times. I still think it was worth it. If you’re single it’s probably not a great idea unless your family can help during crises. Also you have to take your meds no matter what you think about your diagnosis just in case for the sake of your kids.
175872600,"I talked to my doctor. Told him everything. Told him I thought the pharmacy was poisoning me and the meds were poison and I stopped taking them, feeling chatty and hyper and not sleeping well, the eating disorder stuff. That I’m exhausted and feel like a bother and sick of waiting for the ****ing psychiatrist. He seemed worried about me. He reassured me several times that they meds weren’t poison and asked that I take them again. Not just the Latuda and lithium that I was taking, but also the Abilify that I stopped a few weeks ago. Most important that I take the Latuda and Abilify. He also said he’s going to contact the psychiatrist straight away see what’s up. I just... I trust him. If he says the meds aren’t poison then I’ll try to take them. He reassured me 100% that they aren’t poison. So I’m going to take him at his word. He’s a professional that I trust. He thanked me for trusting him. So he’s going to call me again on Thursday see how I’m doing. Hopefully I feel better. 
I’m sick of feeling like this. People who romanticize bipolar can ****ing suck it. This isn’t pretty. This sucks. It’s horrible. Anyway, since I trust him I will take the meds. Try my best anyway."
175872601,The smartest thing your company did was start asking people if they wanted a shot of espresso in their iced coffee. At the time I had never thought of it… think this was approx. 3 years ago. Now it’s part of my routine. But at least I order simple drinks. hahaha I met a bartender and former barista who said corporate always harps on baristas/partners being friendly. At least there’s a trajectory for you in that anecdote(possibly). I respect all of it. And I could never do it because of my ‘working memory’.
175872602,"Hi _PERSON_, I am in US. Northern Lower Michigan.. It has been so cold. I got out yesterday and went to the doctor. Got some antibiotic eye drops for my eye. It is an infection. . He said like pink eye. I think I got it from a sty. But the drops are helping. I am sorry about the night sweats. I get them too. Sometimes a pillow between your legs helps. Or something like a towel. I wake up and where my legs are together it is all wet.. I hate night sweats because when I get up out of bed I am cold. I totally understand how frustrating it must be for you. I just ordered some cbd oil for my dog. Should get it tomorrow.. She is real hyper and keeps chewing her tail. I am hoping that this will calm her some. Plus she is scratching and chewing and I think it is anxiety instead of allergy. We'll see if it helps. I should get some for me too. I hear it does a lot for a lot of different things. I wish you the best. I am sorry about your back. CBD helps with pain too. I make a salve that works wonders. With c
oconut oil and marijuana trim.. It takes a headache away within minutes when you rub it on your temples. I hope you get some relief soon. Hi _NAME_... Winter weather is already here for me. October rained all month and was cold. I think I missed autumn. Ha... Hugs _NAME_..."
175872603,I’d go to the future to the part where we can put our sub conscious brain into a computer. Become the terminator. Then travel back in time to punk myself that i’m the chosen one to save humanity
175872604,I would have loved to have seen all those sites when I lived there. We only did a couple of battlefields in Arkansas but I remember getting out for a piss beside a road down in Mississippi and there was this placard…This is where Grant and the army of the Potomac Crossed the river…My memory is a bit _USER_ID_ but I think it was it… So amazing but I think you’ve some of your dads humor. Not a bad thing but we all say things that are inappropriate sometimes!
175872605,Do you have history of mi
175872606,"I thick you may get employment support allowance, this is a taxable benefit depending on how much stamp you’ve paid. You might also be entitled to personal independence payment?"
175872607,Soup kitchen. Passing out bags of food and socks etc to homeless people. I’m sure there’s a group that does that. Working in a hospice visiting people.
175872608,That’s a bitter sweet story. But my brother doesn’t look at me the same way anymore so I can relate.
174322972,It takes a bit longer to have the good results but then it works well. You get used to having to do all the bloodwork.
175872609,"My grandmother died of cancer, it’s horrible"
175872610,My degree was done in india after 2004. USA doesnt recognize the degree after 2004 passout pharmacists. Bad luck.
175872611,I love it _AT_MENTION_
175872612,"_AT_MENTION_ the left shoe is on backorder LOL But seriously, good for you for treating yourself. I should do that more"
175872613,I realized at one point I did just so I could have company. I have changed that attitude since I realized how hopeless it’s been to end the illness in my case and the realization that the long term effects of the drugs and the illness are going to kill me ultimately. Why have company involving something with no hope?
175872614,"Ok I am not going to make a comment further, i really shouldn’t be looking … I will try and speak to my mental health team tomorrow about getting an appointment with pdoc to discuss what happened to me because they cancelled on me last week… and i want to know what they think i should do… plan for returning to work etc… i doubt they’re gonna support my pip"
175872615,"I love soya milk, my husband too. Unfortunately vegan cheese is expensive so I succumb to dairy cheese so I’m not vegan, only vegetarian. Almost vegan"
174322982,“Roses are red Violets are blue I’m a schizophrenic And so am I”
174322980,"I don’t really know what causes it but my uncle has it too, and I had troubles even as a child."
175872616,Hi _PERSON_.
174322976,"It’s hard to imagine a hell or heaven if we live in a sim (we do), but that still doesn’t mean it’s impossible. Most of my hell-like or worse hell like experiences were at the mental hospital, in parallel universes, or whatever. I was killed and tortured a lot in my past lives. I pray to God that it doesn’t happen again. I guess it was my attitude and my big annoying mouth, but doesn’t give them the right, especially because I had psychosis and schizophrenia at the time. I must have lived in a dystopian future/parallel universe or some ????. Happened thousands of times or more (possibly millions). Maybe laws broke down and people acted like animals/psychopaths. I don’t know. That’s why I believe in karma and I hope these people are in hell suffering for eternity for what they did to me and my family."
175872617,5 posts were split to a new topic: Help Needed With Relationships
175872618,Really? That sounds like something from _NAME_!
175872619,I think it’s fair to be worried about that. Being declared incompetent is definitely a fear I’ve had before. It’s scary to think of having your freedoms stripped from you whether it’s for the best or not. That being said though _AT_MENTION_ I think it’s better to follow the doctors orders Cause missing tests and appointments could have the opposite effect of what you’re hoping for. Prove to them you are competent
175872620,Only the ones who are in severe danger
175872621,What medication are you taking?
175872622,A psychotic person doesn’t have the mental capability to drive a country and its army. He was smart and got to the presidency but he used his intelligence to do bad things. You don’t have the mental capacity to become like him or a dictator.
174322974,"Psychiatric Quarterly Poor Oral Health in Patients with Schizophrenia: a _NAME_-Analysis of... Patients with schizophrenia have high rates of comorbid physical illness, but there has been less attention to dental diseases in these patients. This _NAME_-analysis of case-control studies systematically examined the oral health in patients with... Apart from affecting the speech function and eating behavior of patients with schizophrenia, poor oral health also was negatively associated with their social and psychological mentality, including low self-esteem and social withdrawal [5, 6]. Poor oral health conditions causing the development of dental caries (such as tooth decay) and periodontal diseases are related to obesity, dementia, cardiovascular and respiratory diseases [7, 8]. Numerous studies had found that both schizophrenia [2] and periodontal diseases [9] carry potentially increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. Thus, it is urgent to identify risk factors associated with oral diseases and im
plement preventive strategies in patients with schizophrenia."
175872623,What meds are you on at the moment if you don’t mind me asking?
175872624,One time my AA sponsor told me about a situation where “You’re not on the beam and you don’t know you’re not on the beam because you’re not on the beam.” The way it’s been with me a couple of times was that I thought I was on the beam and everyone was trying to push me off. That’s what often happened when I was delusional.
174322978,"Negative symptoms are basically cognitive issues. If you can improve on cognition your negative symptoms also go away. Things which improve cognition include omega 3, phosphatidylserine soy version, dmg etc. Anything which improves working memory helps in reducing negative symptoms. On the other hand anything which worsens working memory increases negative symptoms."
175872625,"_AT_MENTION_ my insurance is not covering invega , can I go for ziprasidone(Geodon) Can any one take Geodon to avoid risperidone induced high prolactin"
175872626,"I don’t have experience with Ambient but I tried several sleeping meds and the side effects were awful. I only take 3 mg dissolvable Melatonin, practice breathing exercises and exercise before sleep."
175872627,All I can say is: things change. You may make a friend one of these days.
175872628,"Ball thread, a place to hang, a place to dangle and question the meaning of life."
175872629,"You’re sooooooooo bad, hon. _PERSON_"
175872630,I’ve felt both ways. I felt dumber on meds and dumber off meds. So far I feel like I’m doing better on the right meds but have limitations. I have to learn to live life at a lower level and accept it.
175872631,"I’m not honest, but its like a defense mechanism, I don’t even realize I am lying until I sit by myself and realize what I say"
175872632,I hate going places and everyone is talking bad about me.
175872633,i hope you find a good pdoc in time. we can’t really do much about your thoughts huh =(
175872634,The last time I went there was nobody there. I was in and out.
175872635,Best of luck to you
175872636,"feeling better now, I took a PRN haldol"
175872637,"omg good job, that took alot of hard work. congrats"
175872638,I’m sorry to hear that _AT_MENTION_ . I wish you could at least get some sleep with those problems. You must feel awful every day. Ugh.
175872639,Except for all the rules. You live a very limited life.
175872640,"“turn off your laptop and go ???? yourself” LOL. I won’t. I will keep it open, I listen to music. I won’t obey any stupid order"
175872641,I had a Facebook account that lasted one day. Got rid of it quickly. I didn’t feel safe over there.
174322986,"I already take Medicine for Schizophrenia. I am trying to think it is not a chemical imbalance except from what has happened in my lifetime. Just my life has not turned out the way I wanted and has caused me to have depression. I am married and working. I just want to go places and do things and I have neither the capability or the money to do that. I hope this depression is not a chemical imbalance. I was never depressed until I came down with diabetes. As I get older I am getting more depressed. I cannot shake it. I think Wednesday I am calling my doctor and either get some medicine for this or get to talking to a therapist. I have seen a therapist most of my life since I was 17 and ended the sessions about 3 years ago as I ran out of things to talk about. I am trying to think thru this depression and see if I can come out of it, except it is difficult."
175872642,Haha. I had to translate that 1515. I take it as a compliment lol
175872643,"First I’ll come off the Depakote then I’ll consider switching APs. She may not want to make a lot of medication changes at once. Yes she has mentioned Latuda to me before but we are concerned that it may cause anxiety in me. But I may consider it, thanks _AT_MENTION_"
175872644,"When things don’t work well and paranoia takes control of thoughts usually mens paranoia could be true to some point. It’s just ok to have personal beliefs about some things whether you are wrong or right. I am not encouraging anything that could trigger someone else, just generally speaking. I think it’s healthy to be a little paranoid, even normal people experience it but less than schizophrenics. Now i have paranoia about smoking cigarettes, how it affects my money and my health in first place. I decided to quit, at least I’m trying to change something because now things are not good and im willing to take it with small steps. If i notice improvements this means in my case some paranoia is beneficial. It’s my personal belief I don’t suggested to others to become paranoid or similar. Cheers"
175872645,You know not that many people will turn up though. I am pretty interested in what is going to happen.
175872646,I feel that I became a baby since having my 1st psychosis. I couldnt say no to people anymore and I let them manipulate me like one of my brothers and “friends”.
175872647,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ I just want to offer my sympathy
175872648,"Oh man, that was so good. I ordered sweet and sour chicken, pork fried rice, an egg roll, steamed dumplings, and 2 cans of Pepsi. Have tons of leftovers for tomorrow"
175872649,"So I did a bit more research. i think I can get the stimulus package. _PERSON_ it said low income, disability, and people getting SS retirement will get it. Per The New York Times article."
175872650,"I feel like I am being baited all the time by the beautiful men who drive past me. If you are going to leave your wife, do it in grand fashion. Not with me! I’m washed up!"
175872651,"It’s okay to think that dating is hard, It is. The problem we’re talking about is how it builds up resentment towards women and forms unhealthy opinions. Don’t let some women/men being rude make you upset with the group as a whole."
175872652,You’re forgetting all the humans who are nice to each other.
175872653,"So, guys, is it really Saint _NAME_? Is it Satan who pretends to be _NAME_? Is it hallucination?"
175872654,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872655,Is that what you take daily? You have to be joking right?
174322988,"I have bad headaches. Haldol reduces it big time, and Daily Essential Nutrients by _NAME_ Nutritionals reduces it more."
175872656,"I have been hospitalized twice for bipolar/BPD and This past weekend thought I might be going in again. I haven’t had therapy for a long time, just meds from psychiatrist. I decided recently to save money since I’m uninsured and try not taking meds. This covid 19 pandemic and quarantine start right as I quit a job due to paranoia. I Attempt to access reduced fee services while they become almost impossible to get, and deal with severe depression and lack of sleep from anxiety. I start new meds and get so manic and paranoid then severely depressed in the span of a week that I almost committed suicide. Unfortunately told my teenage son i Was suicidal. I take well Turin and lithium."
175872657,That’s irresponsible and sucky of her she needs a backup T
175872658,Your believe system is off. You have to change your belief system. I don’t believe aliens exist.
175872659,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0SmXVrLlZ4 Beautiful.
175872660,You have to assess the risk well.some of medicine did not affect prolactin but it might messed up whole body.prolactin one of the minimum risk hormone at body.sexual side effects like erectile dysfuntion only happens in 2000 3000 levels.only fatal risk is decreased bone fraction which its not serious case at 1 - 80 levels.but i m not the doctor.you should ask your doctor.these are just googled infos.
175872661,No you’re ok firemonkey it wasnt directed at you.
174322989,Back 20 years ago people complained about the positive symptoms. With better meds now most people complain about negatives and side effects… It’s all about balance. Ideally it’s about taking the minimum dose required to get you over positive symptoms. Side effects happen but still it’s about efficiancy on your symptoms. There’s no simple rules to get by. A lot of it is trial and error but a good shrink will help you out. Losing weight is crazy on these meds…look out for that. Could be other issues!
175872662,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872664,"same, i used to want to be alone all the time few years ago, now i get so anxious when im alone especially at night it is almost unbearable i spend alot of time with my mom now and feel much more comfortable around my parents than when i am by myself"
175872665,"And Big _PERSON_, I think my Falling to Pieces ballad is ‘good’. But my brother musician said he’d help me add a bridge…hopefully taking it to the next level. Your instrumental version of my ballad was fantastic, in my book. You have great musical instincts for sure!"
175872666,"Keep losing oportunaties to make friends. I don’t have deep, true, honest friends. I always keep a distance. How to change it?"
175872667,"Found this, what you think? https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2019/jul/16/do-our-pets-ever-really-love-us-or-do-they-just-stick-around-for-the-food?utm_source=pocket-newtab"
175872668,Dead ancestors are probably tired of seeing people masturbate particularly if they are centuries old
175872669,"I have repeating numbers and play them on roulette and win, so…"
175872670,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_! i hope so, too."
175872671,Its not impossible but does take a lot of viligence and hard work...more so than someone not on seroquel
175872672,I will try those!
175872673,"_PERSON_, I'm depressed again. Not suicidal. Just depressed. I want to stay under the weighted blankets with the lights off and just dissociate so I don't have to feel this way."
175872674,"Depression is difficult. Does he work every day? You can’t force him to do anything but exercise, a healthy diet and proper sleep goes a long way. He may need an antidepressant for a while. Prayers for you and him both."
175872675,"My pdoc sucks. I view her as basically a med dispensary. She keeps wanting to change my meds, which I don’t get, because I’ve been fine for so long. But in the end, I tell her I don’t want to switch and she respects that."
175872676,You are lucky to have your insurance pay for a nutritionist. My insurance won’t cover for a nutritionist. I have Medicare.
175872677,I would be a raw diamond in gym terms i think. I need a lot of work done.
175872678,"That’s what sisters are for! Trust her, she speaketh the truth."
175872679,"You are a valuable person, and worth taking care of"
175872680,"Essentially, yes. I’ve stopped and started smoking several times (and vaping), and have never had my doses tinkered with."
175872681,You were posting about having to kill people because of your delusions. You’re psychotic.
175872683,"It is not like certain meds will cause you impotence, it is just some people will have a bad reaction to a medication. If you are getting serious side effects from a med like that, it is best to just go onto a new medication and keep trying new ones out until you find something that works. Mostly it is just a case of trial and error until you find a new medication that works for you."
175872684,Do you get any flat feeling when you are manic on invega? I’m just laying on bed not feeling any joy to do anything
175872685,If anything - when im not hungry - i force myself to eat at least 6 soft boiled eggs. I know what you mean - some people have a passion for food - and enjoy it. I just see it as trying to maintain my weight.
174323002,"Welcome. If you find yourself in need of help, just tag a moderator. Type the @ symbol, then our names _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_, and _AT_MENTION_ Enjoy your stay with us!"
175872686,Probably felt normality between 1 - 15 years old then after this the ???? hit the fan. But I was never really normal.
175872687,"I care about you _AT_MENTION_. You are a very kind and caring person. I’m sorry you have to endure the stares of others, but don’t take it to heart too often. Please stay safe."
175872688,"But could a spontaneuous experience lasting a few minute of complete and paralysing ego death be explained as being part of sz? Certain drugs and meditation can achieve similar effects, but I’m still not certain if what I experienced can be linked to sz."
175872689,Does anybody know there direct effect on cortisol levels ? Say that I had a lot of cortisol in my blood Would antipsychotics reduce the cortisol?
174322997,Yes. It’s about recovering from schizophrenia and going back to work full time. The publisher I am talking to wouldn’t give me a quote until I had a completed manuscript. I want to wait about another 6 months to see how I am going to do though.
175872690,I’m pretty high functioning. Up until 2 years ago I was 9or10.
174322998,"en.wikipedia.org _NAME_ (9 May 1904 – 4 July 1980) was an English anthropologist, social scientist, linguist, visual anthropologist, semiotician, and cyberneticist whose work intersected that of many other fields. His writings include Steps to an Ecology of Mind (1972) and Mind and Nature (1979). In Palo Alto, California, _PERSON_ and colleagues developed the double-bind theory of schizophrenia. _PERSON_ interest in systems theory forms a thread running through his work. He was one of the original ..."
175872691,well I knew I was different too but I attributed it to me being gifted
175872692,"My greatest complaint is my complete lack of motivation. I was a little lazy before the onset of schizophrenia, because I have been off work for a while. But I still went for long walks, and played a lot of guitar. But now with schizophrenia, it’s difficult for me to get anything done. I am getting better, I exercise every day and go for a walk. I still play guitar every day, but not nearly enough I guess it could be a lot worse, but it’s still a bummer"
175872693,How did you do that???
175872694,Welcome back to the forum. Could your husband be depressed? If he’s still physically drained from the illness maybe he should see his family doctor.
175872695,Not so much sleep paralysis but I get frequent waking and falling asleep hallucinations. Hypnopompic and Hypnagogic hallucinations. Vivid as hell!
175872696,I have a doctor appointment tomorrow with my GP. I made it because I've been taking my blood pressure daily and it's sort of been all over the place. The receptionist said I could come into the office but I don't want to because I don't want to be around anyone who might have COVID. But then I'm thinking she'll probably want to do that test where they monitor your BP for a day and night. Oh well. I already said I would do a phone appointment. I might have to just schedule another appointment. Last I knew she wasn't even coming into the office so I wonder what changed? It's not like the cases in our county has dropped into the red zone (we are still in purple which is the highest concentration of COVID).
175872697,I am from Scotland so we have some slang words up here too (different from England)
175872698,"My earnings, my earings, my ear off my head. The skull is naked"
175872699,Keep trying to enjoy your friends and do ignore your enemy. Possibly forgive them and don’t say anything to them. That will keep you from feeling they are getting over. lol
175872700,"Hey! So excited. I found my water pants at the LL Bean Outlet for 70% off. So $17.99! Then today I ordered a new suit, a sun guard 1/2 zip top, and Keen Whisper sandals for me and my daughter. Saved $45 in just the sandals by signing up for an acct and email list. Already unsub’_NAME_ and got my 20% plus $10 off. Can’t find a pic of the pants but they are boring anyway . I fully intend to be covered head to toe most of the summer."
175872701,"Yeah, whatever you decide to do, I really hope it works out for you. And you are not wrong, a real friend is literally 100 times better than therapy. However, just bare in mind the old adage…The hardest part of becoming a different person, is changing the way people see you. It may be time to get new friends (a whole challenge in and of itself, I know)."
175872702,Went to the gym and stayed the whole time n was very good for doing so. Had a salad roll with vegan cheese and vegan mayonnaise. Went to the movies with one of my closest.love her so much.
175872703,"Exactly! Especially with this illness, it’s really easy to get depressed"
175872704,How old was you when you started taking med?
175872705,"Anyone on this dosage? If so, Do you like it? Is it the only medication you’re on? TIA!"
175872706,I feel dead. I feel like I’m a sim. I don’t know if you know what the sims is but it’s a life simulation where you control what they do and that’s exactly how I feel.
175872707,Maybe ban me from healthcare? No more meds. Or they will diagnose me with hypochondriasis lol
175872708,That’s brilliant news. Did you change meds or something ?
175872709,Online therapy is also good. And you do it from home.
175872710,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about discrimination. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=di... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with mental health. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and 
encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175872711,"That’s the lesson I’ve learned for this life. The moon is that powerful. _NAME_, you’ve got it."
175872712,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175872713,Like sex and stuff…if so omega or rolex
175872714,"I have Complex PTSD from Abuse in Childhood. In Therapy and taking Meds for it, it has been a Battle."
174322994,I’m not gonna raise my voice.
175872715,Just back from Shabbat dinner. Great dinnertime conversation. There was another author at the table so we spent part of the time talking about our frustrations with our publishers. A kindred spirit. Shabbat Shalom everyone.
175872716,I have THE STRANGEST sleep habits.
175872717,Have I told you lately you the best friend ever ??
175872718,Nice! It gives a great picture of motherly love. You do a good job of capturing a mood.
175872719,I have a hard time staying at jobs too. I always have to quit for various mental health problems. I’m on disability now. P.S. It’s easier to read posts that are spectated by short paragraphs instead of one really long paragraph
175872720,Hopefully it just slipped his mind. He might have gotten absent minded since you split up.
175872721,"So you can’t control the negatives? How were you doing when you first started the class? _AT_MENTION_ I went to school and after a while I made myself finish, it was intense but I could. But it is like you shut down all of a sudden."
175872722,"Something that assists me mentally is how we are all mammals and feel rejection as physical in our stomach. Scientists have measured this in Buffalo I believe - when the pack moves away from such unfortunate creatures. I feel like both of us have done right by people by and large…(77nick77 I’m not forgetting you either, but I don’t even know if you’re single at this time) and we probably ‘deserve love’ as cheesy as it that sounds. Your self talk is ok; but maybe as an experiment move more in this direction I’m starting to describe with all my word choice. The 270 pages of Don Quixote were good to me. He is stark raving mad, but from what I can tell he chooses someone (age) appropriate and perhaps all around appropriate. I’m not settling mind you which is where everyone’s mind goes, but more accurately I “know thyself” much more, and feel as though I can find a gem in the rough or someone who possesses flaws where classical beauty is thought to be, and therefore be a pocket of 
inefficiency in this ‘market’… to (realize?). I cornered myself bc I almost said ‘exploit’. But that must be a failure of our language."
175872723,I'm sedating myself. I'll probably feel better in the morning I apologize for being mentally ill (I know I know.. no need to apologize..) It's OCD that has seemed to have come back.. or it's just a natural response to what has happened to me. But it's good to share. I know no one will judge me. I talked to my 2nd cousin (A nurse) about taking 5mg olanzepine the night before the morning I talked to her. She says that she loves handing those out to people. It calms them right down. But I put a benzo under my tongue and also my normal dose of seroquel. I will fall asleep hopefully.
175872724,Is there anything you can do to lower your stress levels ? Stress can lead to a relapse if you’re not careful.
175872725,^ I don’t know if that post makes sense or if I explained it well or if I ever talked about it before. It’s an unsolved mystery and it bothers me.
175872726,In nature are always a few idiots overstepping the line.
175872727,I painted and did chores and it’s only 8.37 am. I don’t have anything left to do so probably just going to binge watching Mark _PERSON_ videos about self awareness and listen to some podcasts about the same topic. I want to watch some painting tutorials too. It’s a sunny day but not too cold. Perfect weather.
175872728,Cheers. Fifteen.
175872729,I’m good ate ice cream and pizza I am worried about relapsing though
175872730,"I’ve seen his stuff. It’s pretty funny, he’s got a good sense of humour."
175872731,Sorta like _NAME_ blasters. From Canada. Lot tougher than gummies bears.
175872732,"Thanks , Same to you"
175872733,me too........
175872734,Yep. Ours is out of the high percent type
175872735,"I experience similar phenomena and it has not stopped since it started in 2015. I noticed some vague machinery in my body/head when I was growing up but though to myself that is ridiculous there can be no such thing. I would push it out of my head and try to not think about it. It wasn’t until 2015 that I was shown and experienced the entities speaking non stop, harassing me, and hearing, feeling, and seeing something that was a device/machine that could move in and out of my body and through what seemed to be the ether. They attack me in my dreams and during the day. I never get a break from them. Please know you are not alone in what you are experiencing. I can relate to what you have described. Stay strong. You are more powerful than you know"
175872736,"Yeah, I’m 58 and I was worried I wouldn’t have any fun in life because of my age. But I’m still in the game, lol. And unfortunately, I have been called a perfectionist before. I mean being a perfectionist is great if you were _NAME_ mixing a Beatles record even though it pissed off _NAME_."
175872737,Good advice. It’s best to play these things down.
175872738,"I’m already imprisoned, mentally or psychologically for life. Not sure which of those two words is the right one. But it is a luxurious prison. But still a prison But luxurious. But Prison. But luxury. But I don’t know where I’m going with this. So I’ll just leave it open - ended."
175872739,I have been off of SSDI for about two years now. I used to get about $2500 a month but I went back to work. I make much more than SGA so I don’t get it anymore. I still pay my Medicare. But today I got a random payment from SSA for about $7500. I didn’t get anything in the mail so I have no idea what it’s for. I needed the money and am glad to have it and hope I don’t have to pay it back. Any ideas what it could be for?
175872740,I’m a lot better about it than I used to be. I’m slowly accepting it but still part of me is resistant lol.
175872741,_NAME_
175872742,"I am unsure how I am doing. I am not sad, not happy, and not numb. Those are my usual feelings. I guess the best description is confused. I have a very stressful, overwhelming job. I have gone through so much training on CBT, DBT, and self-compassion/care, that I am automatically doing it. If I feel like a failure in the moment, I realize that it is not true, and it is labeling. If I feel like I will be a failure in the near future, that is fortune telling, and thus not true. I go to my ""happy spot"" when I am overwhelmed with a feeling I cannot accurately describe. I try to do radical acceptance in the moment. I do some meditation and distraction. Sometimes it feels like I am just jumping from one coping mechanism to another. I start seeing my therapist again tomorrow (I stopped because I was doing well and had nothing to talk about). The thing is, even though I don't feel helpless, hopeless, depressed, or out of control, I find myself planning my escape from the situation, and realizing that I c
annot escape and still take care of my family. But, if I die, they would be taken care of since I have a large life insurance policy. I checked, it still works if the death is self-inflicted. However, I do not leave the burden of suicide with my family, so the only way would be an ""accident."" I have a plan for that. It is detailed, and I am refining it often in my head. Normally, I do not worry that I would actually do something, because when I am depressed, I don't have the will to do anything. I think and feel awful things, but the likelihood of actually acting on my thoughts is close to 0. But with these confused feelings and emotions, I don't necessarily trust myself. I am not at the point that I need the hospital or even my shrink. Medication will not fix the underlining problem, which is a stressful life I am having a hard time coping with. The true answer is to find a way to cope. But, I am using all my coping skills I have, and they are not helping much. I am slipping into a more detailed plan of de
ath. I don't necessarily want to die, I just want out. How does one get out of life without death?"
175872743,"Hope they agree with you,"
175872744,"This situation will come to an end. I have experience with situations coming to an end. It is not worth it, because this situation should pass."
175872745,"Hello, me and my ex started talking again, she is a relationship. I noticed I still like her, had tears in my eyes, wanted to self harm but instead I took 10 mg valium and sent an email to my psychologist who helped me and I feel better now. Have you guys been through stuff like this before?"
175872746,What the f?
175872747,Do you consider this social media?
175872748,"Oddly enough, my talks with therapists are mostly about myself. My parents don’t come to mind. I suppose it is because I’m in a home situation and so I think more about them here."
175872749,No not at all everone entitled to their own opinion
174323010,Well like when I go to church my anxiety is thru the roof. Like the whole time in Sunday school the voices are saying to me in Spanish “You’re gonna be nice today.” It’s the anticipation that they’re going to say that I’m gonna be mean that bothers me. But I just sit there and say nothing. I don’t go out in public a lot bc of it. I don’t let on. Even when they ask if anybody needs prayers I don’t say anything. What’s the point in it? Everyone has problems.
175872750,I recommend ukulele...it is fun!
175872751,"what are you incentives to work? mine are mostly fixing up my place, and eating healthier food, also supporting myself would provide some satisfaction and a feeling that i overcame and made the most of my situation."
175872752,From a normies perspective I think they just want to see us try. Not to accept and be complacent but to try even if it’s a little bit. Feel better soon dude.
175872753,Good luck and I hope it all goes well.
175872754,Good news. Over here a review is serious business and if social security gives you a time limit you do it because they’ll just stop benefits. I’m glad they were a bit more humane with you.
175872755,"I'm already coming up with future colors I want my hair dyed. One is Enchanted forest, and the other is Purple Haze, both by Manic Panic. Of course, I'll have to get my hair professionally bleached someday, before I could do those colors. Or maybe I'll get the colors done professionally too."
175872756,"Showers and Baths are are good for us, struggle as we do though. I just took mine! Had been a few days. I encourage you all to bathe however you so choose. So fresh and So clean!"
175872757,"I know.im very sick,this community is all i have at the moment.thank you for understanding."
175872758,"I don’t think I Have GAD, but social anxiety. These pdocs don’t like giving me any diagnosis though. And I can’t be bothered to… Chase for it. I’ll just tell my therapist all the crapp and they can help me."
175872759,I think the one goal of a relationship is to make each others lives better.
174323005,"Gaslighting can cause dissociation and multiple personality disorder. It is abuse, traumatic abuse, esp on children. I have seen a victim who is really meek develop an aggressive alternate who protects him when abused. level 1 MrsWG353 6 points·10 months ago I would say no. Schizophrenia tends to be diagnosed in the early 20s for both men and women and both tend to show ventricles (holes) in the brain in MRIs. It seems more genetic/medical in origin. I would say gaslighting is more likely to contribute to anxiety and depression than psychosis. level 1 digginit01 3 points·10 months ago I def thought I had a mental illness for years. Of course I was being told it was me causing all the issues in my family Guess what? Once I left they still had the issues and it rolled down to my other siblings. Of course then I was blamed for leaving them and abandoning the family. Can’t win with gaslighters level 1 im-a-mosquito 2 points·10 months ago I’d say no. Schizophrenia is caused by neurons misfiring i
n your brain, and is completely chemical. It can be caused by excessive drug use, and sometimes stress, but only if there is already a predisposition to the illness (ie, a blood relative has the condition and you carry the gene) level 1 Andthentherewasblue 3 points·10 months ago Yeah I definitely felt like I was going crazy I would talked in whirlwinds of lies to myself to get myself to believe the ????????, polar opposite 1 moment of crying and angry to relief the next and then back. I’m so happy I smelt the coffee and finally stopped the relationship and punishing myself Dont know about schizophrenia I think that’s genetic soif you have it maybe it could bring it out level 1 [deleted] 1 point·10 months ago I doubt it. Schizophrenia tends to be genetic, I think. Gaslighting can probably trigger psychosis if the person has a genetic tendency toward it. level 1 girloncrutches 1 point·10 months ago I don’t think schizophrenia but definitely psychosis; I had a mental breakdown last year after two years 
of emotional abuse from my ex boyfriend (he would gaslight me and scream at me so often it got to a point that I was constantly on edge and legit scared of my own shadow - and basically developed anxiety from it) After we broke up I travelled by myself to get over the break up and then it all came out… he was still messaging me horrible things and insults from the other side of the world and I think my brain had just had enough (also I was jetlagged, on the other side of the world alone and had been drinking a lot of alcohol because I was on holiday - so yeah I had psychosis for about 24 hours). I was convinced that people were trying to kill me and had to get the embassy involved to get me home because I didn’t know if I had been drugged or if I genuinely was in danger -but yeah I think my brain had just made it all up. I still talk to him on the odd occasion and he’s nice as pie to me (because I think he knows what he’s done) and I’m happy to have a very distant chat with him twice a year just so 
that in my head I know that he doesn’t hate me (and then won’t kill me… which sounds odd now that I’m typing this out) But yeah basically the moral of the story is - I think my brain used it as a defense mechanism because I was under a lot of stress and abuse from him so if I convinced myself that he was going to kill me then I’d stay away from him and heal. This did work and yes I had to go to psychology (I had ptsd symptoms) for a while, but I think it is helpful especially because I am one of those people who will always look back at a relationship in a good light and ignore the bad things - so this makes sure that I don’t go back to him. level 2 my_massage 1 point·9 months ago Oh wow that’s an intense story. Thanks for sharing! level 1 Bigdill8008 1 point·9 months ago There is a case study about a woman. She was a big shot on wall street. Her partners were being charged with Felonies. She resigned and the company eavesdropped in her. The company placed noise machines under her floorboards 
in her New York, condo. They also hired actors to harass her when she left the house. She contacted her family, they told her that due to stress she was experiencing Psychosis. As a smart businesswoman she contacted highly respected attorneys and sent them a timeline of what was going on. She also went to great lengths to document any and (all) weird things that were going on. Eventually, between not working and the hundreds of thousands of dollars spent to gaslight her. Her symptoms mirrored Psychosis, or even Schizophrenia. Hearing noises; paranoia etc. Her family advised her to check into a psychiatric ward. They believed the stress she experienced after losing her elite position with the company was causing her auditory hallucination and paranoia. Three days after being admitted into a psychiatric facility, three big shot attorneys signed her out of the hospital. They swiped her house. And found the noise machines. They also found cameras. Hired investigators, the attorneys filed an 80-million-dollar laws
uit against the company. And they settled. The Women would have been served with a subpoena to testify against the company. The company knew she would sell them out. So, they tried to inflict long term psychological damage on her by gaslighting her. If she was considered insane. Her testament would not be credible. Had the attorneys not helped her, yes, she may have not become schizophrenic, but she may have been diagnosed with it. Part of her settlement was used for rehabilitation. Justice is not like winning the lotto. Justice allowed this woman to use the money to go to highly trained psychiatrist that helped restore her to who she was before the company intentionally psychologically abused her. No, a person cannot cause psychosis or Schizophrenia in another person. A gas lighter can make their victim appear as if they are. If I were to hide an annoying sound machine in your room; pretend to be your friend and have people repeat to you what is said in your house, you should document it. Call a private inve
stigator and keep records of your mental health. Psychosis, or even Schizophrenia is an easy gaslight game. The point of it is, those two diagnoses are hopeless. if a person who is the subject of Gaslighting, explains the alleged “gas lighter” techniques, to someone ignorant or an insurance muncher and has low net worth. They can be put on state record as Psychotic and or schizophrenic. Yes, gaslighters, can use techniques to drive their subject insane. Not too smart. Extremly mentally ill people are not responsible for their actions in the court of law. VIEW ENTIRE DISCUSSION ( 9 COMMENTS) More posts from the gaslighting community 27 Posted by u/_PERSON_ 1 day ago [ You can guarantee you’re getting gaslighted if you find yourself expecting absolutely perfect memory and attention span out of yourself. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaslighting/comments/io94k3/you_can_guarantee_youre_getting_gaslighted_if_you/) I know from personal experience. 1 Comment Share SaveHideReport 17 Posted by u/_PERSON_ 2 days ago 
[ F*ck it’s happening to me ](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaslighting/comments/inxsrf/fck_its_happening_to_me/) I recently saw this post on Instagram about gaslighting. Very cool post of a man with a gaslight head with a caption along the lines of “Your’e being too sensitive.” I was upset because my boyfriend says this to me all the time. Here are other things he says After I explain how his actions/words make me feel, “I feel like you’re trying to make me feel bad now.” “I never said that.” “What are you talking about?!” Asks him if he smoked weed all day. Denies denies denies. Finally admits. I ask why he would lie."
175872760,image3024×4032 3.44 MB image3024×4032 1.88 MB The second one is a little sail boat
175872761,"I’m not Canadian but the consequences of this new bill will be very likely felt worldwide. Extending the scope of legal euthanasia to include psychiatric disorders is utterly reprehensible. It’s most likely effect will be to actually increase the likelihood of mentally ill people choosing death not because it’s easier, or they feel more desperate, but because it will be become more ‘prosocial’, and more akin to a rational choice that incorporates and internalises a diminished sense of the value of (crazy) human life."
175872762,_AT_MENTION_ I’m hoping to move to the injection next month. They said if this didn’t work I’d be put on clozapine.
175872763,"Same with me, the eighties. So many awesome movies and videogames."
175872764,Very cool _AT_MENTION_ . I considered a janitor position and was a dishwasher myself.
175872765,I don’t want to diagnose you but you sound a lot like me… and I get very anxious in social situations… i think I have anxiety but more so in social situations.
175872766,Yeah I been there a few times
175872767,"I experimented with coming off my med’s last weekend. What always happens when I am coming off an antipsychotic is that I get really, really angry. This time was no exception. I had no intention of physically hurting anyone, but a lot of the things I was thinking of posting on the internet or writing in a book or saying in person were pretty bad. I have a way with language. For me, anger is like picking a scab. I know it is bad for me, but on some level it feels good. I could very easily get in bad trouble with it."
175872768,Command hallucinations are the worst. That is pretty graphic. Don’t listen to those evil voices and hang in there _AT_MENTION_! You are going to be okay!
174323017,No my own piece
174323006,I had to switch psychiatrists to get on a different AP. This was about 18 months ago and I switched from geodon to abilify. As chance would have it abilify is the best overall med for me. This was a very good decision.
175872769,yup up high but not too high .
175872770,My clozapine dose is only 200mg so yeah it may not work yet
175872771,How does everyone spend so much time here? It only takes me 40 minutes to read the new threads if I were to read them all that is
175872772,"I am being interviewed for a three year course to become a certified Mental Health Nurse It’s on the 16th April on Skype at 9:45am I really need this to go well. I think with my experiences I can help a lot of people. I just hope my criminal record doesn’t go against me. I was only a child, and I stopped breaking the law when I was 16 after getting help with my drug problem. That was over 15 years ago now, I hope they don’t hold it against me"
175872773,"Just was able to pretty much confirm that I am dealing with some depression again. _PERSON_. Was mostly psychotic from October to mid-May. Had maybe three or four weeks of pretty much euthymia, and now, this. So disappointing not to have a longer period without a lot of symptoms. My illness is just becoming harder and harder to deal with the older I get."
175872774,First thing in the morning talking about torture
175872775,I got sore nipples from risperdal. Moved to zyprexa because of that. Good move for me. Might not be for you!
175872776,I understand exactly how you feel. I still managed to at least have one friend but she is such a social butterfly so she doesn’t truly understand how hard and difficult it is to deal with social anxiety. But just know that you are not a burden to your friends. They care for you and they want to be there for you which is why they are sticking around. I find it easier to do things with music. Music makes everything better (at least for me.) I manage to get through many general daily things by having some headphones in or just tapping out a beat (which also helps with my ADHD). Try finding something that you can do to help ease your mind a bit while going through difficult situations. Hope this helps
175872777,"Can people see my recent activity, posts etc ? _AT_MENTION_"
175872778,Fight what you can. I fought until I stopped committing suicide.
175872779,"Trying.. to.. Absorb knowledge.. Finding sources.. Many sources.. Going through internet, articles, reddits, etc.. The deeper I go, I find patterns.. But want to listen to music and chill... Too much to handle.. brains.. My brain? Minds.. Day, night, dream, sight, light, dark, fight, spark Order.. What do I do? With fear? Positivity, hope. I will be positive until I die. But I remember when I was a kid - I was on the internet... A forum.. On skype I made a friend. He said ""Is the glass half full or half empty?"" - I said.. ""Half empty"". I know it's a jinx.. But it was a coincidental one.. It's true. I am a pessimist by nature. It was made to be. But I'm ok."
175872780,Can I just say cog....I’m so glad you’re sharing more of your life with us...
175872781,If you do lip reading I can at least tell it’s not real. Sometimes people say stuff without mouth moving
175872782,im trying to be more social again. this past year bc of covid i stopped seeing most of my friends. but now that im fully vaccinated im gonna try to get out there more. i dont like feeling like its a huge chore to leave my house to run errands. for a while there it took a lot to get me to just go do that and leave my little cave
175872783,Thanks. I was just triggered by something earlier…
175872784,Well this is new and annoying as all hell
175872785,"I know a little bit of German. In general, I have basic/random knowledge of various Germanic and Slavic languages, but I understand German the best."
175872786,Going to the food pantry Wednesday to make sure I have enough stuff to get me through the rest of the month.
175872787,"I’m here, to listen. Speak your mind, hon! I don’t think you’re Lazarus."
175872788,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175872789,Be careful about caffeine. Some people are sensitive to it and too much can play havoc in your system.
175872790,"Shes caught up in a meth addiction. She was 8 days sober and begged everyone in her life to keep her honest and straight. But she relapsed. I just got back home after waiting 3 hours outside her dealers house with a crowbar hoping those dirt bags would come out so I could ??????? do them in. Shes so good, a good soul, and theres nothing I can do to help. Shes too far in psychosis to hear reason, not like I can restrain her and bring her to detox. It’s so hard to watch. She really is good. One of the few. I can’t stop randomly crying, it’s brutal."
175872791,The tension created by fame is difficult. The Beatles used drugs a lot.
175872792,I might take it
175872793,So zeprexa highest dose is not 15mg it’s 20 mg or 40 mg
174323016,I know that in the U.K. if you are proscribed Clozapine you have to be constantly monitored by health professionals with blood works.
175872794,Been in bed all day keeping warm n doing nothing but browsing the forum and Facebook.yeah THE forum Walked my dog even though it was just a few meters. Didn’t eat all the chocolate in my cupboard.(yet)
175872795,"Getting away from them, helps. Egotists, who care only for their egos, and nothing important, trying to prove lies all the time."
175872796,probably the swearing. or calling her a witch. saying I wish you never gave birth to me
175872797,Do you think Geodon might do the same? I hear it affects ability to remove heat but idk
175872798,lol i actually looked him up a while ago on youtube to see what he was actually like. Hes basically the most depressed person i have every seen lol its funny that they actually put that in a cartoon long ago. The guys literally morbidly depressed…poor _PERSON_
175872799,I think I may have hallucinated spiders on the ceiling and I think I would drift in and out of psychosis …I definitely knew something was up. Do bipolar patients hallucinate too ?
175872800,Thanks wave. Hugs
175872801,"I actually don’t want to care what people think at all… it becomes difficult when im not able to control how I feel about it… it does not matter how many times i tell myself what they think is none of my business , or I’m being irrational… my emotions are hard to control im working with my therapist to understand it as I was never given the opportunity to speak to one before…"
175872802,"Be aware of the numbers, they actually mean something. (THC, CBD, Sativa, Indica) The wrong strain or mix of strains for some people can result in paranoia or major anxiety. Others can knock you out like certain pills. Others will make you so happy and full of energy you won't know what to do with yourself. ;) Pay attention, ask questions. Ask friends. Then ask people who actually know what they are talking about. I find certain strains really help in certain behavioral or mood cycles where the pills usually prescribed in some cases make it way worse."
174323015,"No, they always made me have negative symptoms but its better than having positive symptoms."
175872803,"In other words did it add a meaning to things other people say when it shouldn’t? Like if someone is talking about one thing, do ever add another hidden meaning behind it? This is something that has just came about when this started, didn’t used to prevent anyone’s speech, including mine, almost like I have a lot more dark wit"
175872804,"Well the first day on 15 mg I felt stoned. Today, the second day, I don’t feel stoned. I just feel regular"
175872805,I’ve had to apologize before to the forum. Try to let it go now that you see what you did was wrong and do your best not to do it again. That’s my goal anyway.
175872806,I feel paranoid.
175872807,I’ll take the pills _PHONE_NO_
175872808,"I cant stand psychosis, fortunately no symptoms when in remission. What do you do to cope with the voices?"
175872809,"Don’t stop Wellbutrin on your own. For me, Wellbutrin was useless for negative and cognitive symptoms. It only made me sleepy."
175872810,The meds took away my psychosis completely and I have been delusion free for almost 2 years. I do have terrible negatives though and am fighting what I assume is med induced depression. My cognitive symptoms aren’t great either.
175872811,"This morning I had anxiety as usual, but then I got better, and it turned out to be a pretty great day! I love the people I work with. I worked my but off though. I had to sand a 3 car garage today, and prime and paint it, with the help of 2 other strong co workers. We were left alone and we told stories, and laughed for the 2nd half of the day. It's days like these that I don't mind my job."
175872812,Anyone have any experience of keeping a dream diary? Does it affect your mental health positively or negatively?
175872813,That’s a really pretty lamp. And the lampshade you picked would look so nice with it.
175872814,"Speaking of doctor, I feel very drawn to male doctors. Not in a ‘I want to sleep with them’ kind of way, but like... idk I feel safe. Comforted. Even male doctor characters on tv shows. I used to think I had a crush on my doctor but it’s not that. It’s this kind of comfort. Maybe it’s because I’m lacking a male figure in my life since my dad died. IDK."
175872815,Anyone heard from _AT_MENTION_ lately?
175872816,You stopped believing it because you took your medication which means you need an AP because it works for you
175872817,"There can be anything u want, seriously. But yea there’s a forest and some flower ones."
175872818,"Yeah, I like the peppermint because its caffeine free (i used to drink a lot of coffee–three cups a day now). I get it at the supermarket, bigelow. I just bought a box. Sometimes I go to the local 7-eleven and get their mint tea, which i think is also decaf."
175872819,I don’t understand why so many people are interested in poor kids.
175872820,"Another quick sketch. It's supposed to be claws ripping through paper Attached Images IMG_2830.jpg (233.4 KB, 10 views)"
175872821,"like they say in the movies, you’ll never work again, if your mentally ill. truth be known they are all ill. with what i call. shock value income syndrome. you get it if the cost is right. anyway the word ill throws one off, its like sick or something worse."
175872822,Another one that _PERSON_ took was Soma carisoprodol.. I completely forgot that muscle relaxers can be used for sleep (Soma is super sedating and doesn't last long - won't hypnotize you). It works on GABA-A receptors I think? It doesn't last long (Short half life) so tolerance builds much less. Tizanidine or cyclobenzaprine (Muscle relaxers).
175872823,I dont feel well. I'm hearing voices and having chest pain. Chest pain could be my bad posture on my phone idk. I'm scared.
175872824,"It’s kind of odd, but often i visualize my criticism of my own thoughts about thoughts etc. in a old, grumpy person with a panamahat, and i tell him to shut up, and he says, okay if you stop your thinking about your own thinking, then we argue who thinks about who, and after a while he vanish in the stream of consciousness and i’m free of thoughts about thoughts"
175872825,"SoO0…, Love . . . There Is No End . . . A Question Begins. . . . . . ."
175872826,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174323013,"I think negatives are a symptom of schizophrenia, not a side effect of the medication. So it would be a good idea to up my meds, IMO I’ve been looking into this for maybe 6 weeks now…"
175872827,Ignore Vyvanse crash.. <3
175872828,Very cool to actually do a bit of hard science for work. Well done to you and hope its well received.
175872829,"Thank you all very much for the help, I really appreciate it. As for the mania/hypomania - I am really not sure what he has since I don't see him now, and also I don't have the knowledge to diagnose, he has mentioned before that he might have hypomanias (what he told me on the phone was that he thinks he might be manic though). I don't think he is in a position to distinguish those two, and neither am I. I don't try to contact him now in any way, we agreed to meet in a week's time and until then I will leave him be."
175872830,"It’s really high because the pressure placed on these kids, yourself included is out of control. Success does not equal a degree and a good job with a house and nice cars. We are not clones."
175872831,I took one too with my kitty snuggled up next to me.
175872832,sorry for your loss! you gonna have to find new pdoc now?
175872833,Morning Folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. How did Christmas go? _PERSON_
175872834,"Everyone slips up once in a while. It’s important to get to where you were earlier. You must have that never late to quit attitude. All the best, mate."
175872835,Some people demand respect A sure sign They don’t Deserve it
175872836,I can’t because the admin says my issues aren’t urgent enough to see one. I have an appointment but it’s too long a wait. Meanwhile I’m struggling to cope.
175872837,They prescribed me something for the lactating and it’s not working. She calls them behind my back. I try to tell them to stop talking to her. She gets mad if they don’t… this is why I am trying to move out. I will never speak to her again for putting me thru this. I wanted to know how long will it be b4 I feel better.
175872838,Thanks!
175872839,People are always trying to manipulate me with stupid lies and beliefs. I try to ignore how stupid they are but it can be very stressful.
175872840,"Just try to make your brain follow the words, it works for me but sometimes yeah theres days where the memory sucks"
175872841,"Wow that is awesome _AT_MENTION_ ! The motivation is there, just have to put it into action now"
175872842,"Maybe it started through bad circumstances with people and they got sz, and then the same people had kids."
175872843,"I’m close to not needing the med anymore. My fasting blood sugar was 104 this morning, near normal. I’ve been shooting for 110 or less two hours after eating. The bread and popcorn were at 120 to 125. I’ve been taking 5mg Glipizide XL. The diarrhea Metformin caused never went away, so I asked for another med. I was taking 500mg Metformin."
175872844,"i just found out i am diabetic my A1c is 8.6. I am wondering is the seroquel to blame? i am on 800 mg a day of seroquel and 160mg a day of geodon. this is all so new to me, does anyone have any idea if seroquel after long term use can cause this. I am now on metformin and glucose checks daily. thanks , tams"
175872845,"It’s good, but does cause weight gain. I’ve gained 10lbs in 3 weeks on 100mg. Everyone is different though. For example, I can’t tolerate invega. As for working out, I do still feel motivated to take walks. The weight gain has been worth the sleep for me. My voices never go away. I weigh 184.5lbs and am 5’4"". Hopefully I will get back down to 140lbs."
175872846,"That sounds promising. I like how it is 16 weeks aswell… A nice solid amount of time. In England I was part of something similar it was called the expert patient programme I think cos we are the expert in ourselves or something… It was really pleasant to spend time with people going through similar things although I felt they should have given us more chance to talk. Hopefully you will get that. But just a heads up, it was pleasant though."
175872847,"I take Invega and others in the morning, and seroquel in the evening around 6pm and again at 10pm"
175872848,Yay!! I’m happy for you
175872849,Thank you kinky _PERSON_
174323020,"I had to get rid of the dog it was too much work. It’s back at my sister’s house. The good thing is I cleared my head a bit and I realized I was getting sick again but didn’t need to go to the hospital or anything. I’m happy with Vraylar. I’m on Topamax and I realize I don’t like it I feel dumber, I stare more, and other stuff, but I lost over 10 lbs in a few months. I sure like the weight loss. Plus it stabilizes my mood and clears my mind. When I was playing with the dog 4-6 hours a day at least, I stopped going on the computer. I realized I got some permanent psychosis going on and I changed doctors so I found a better one more aligned with my interests. I have delusions, paranoia, mainly I think. I think I got negative symptoms too like disorganized type schizophrenia according to my paranoia. I don’t do hygiene, unfortunately. I wear the same clothes every day and I struggle with day to day tasks and cannot work and don’t want to try school. I like reading. I feel a bit dumb on 
topamax and a little more agitated I guess. Maybe my hearing, vision, and senses are amplified to the point where I can hear ???? through walls and down the street but it’s all gibberish and I fill in the blanks and I get paranoid and delusional, unfortunately. I don’t really read into stuff or get as much delusions of reference. I am more reserved and have more control and restraint over myself and am much more happy by not oversharing my delusions and thoughts and paranoia. I don’t have diarrhea mouth and crap about my psychosis and delusions and feel the constant need to affirmation and attention. I constantly feel like people are talking about me behind my back. The dog was extremely hard and high maintenance even for the Belgian malinois and being a puppy. My main short term goals are better hygiene and saving more money and spending less. I regret what I posted over the years but it just feels so real sometimes like I get flashbacks, PTSD, and recurring, and obsessive/stuck thoughts and images and 
emotions, unfortunately. I wish I could delete it all or delete some of it sometimes. I feel like I ruined my life sometimes but was it all my fault? I don’t know. It’s quite embarrassing. Psychosis feels so real but at the same time I doubt the psychosis too like I’m psychic or that I’m a super-genius, quasi-immortal alien abductee and possibly an alien or robot/machine myself living in an artificial world, which sucks balls. I’m a very sensitive person. I thought something happened to me in college like an alien abduction or something, but maybe it was in another life, parallel universe, or something. I constantly obsess and think I was in something, but pretty much nobody believes it. The trauma feels real and I try to figure things out and undo the damage that was done… My strangest obsession and bragging rights is I escaped the matrix and helped run it and controlled it in a past life once or twice but now I’m trapped here in the year 2011 approximately (been cognizantly here for 9 years) f
or eternity in a causal loop as a schizophrenic. It resets and feels like a time loop. It feels like consciousness transfer. Every theory I have put forward has failed. Thank You for Listening!"
174323025,I don’t even know wat it means ruminating thou I’ve heard it a hundred times on here
175872850,"Positive thinking sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and can achieve the impossible. Positive thinking is the base for a foundation of happiness within a person's life. When we are able to think positively we are able to do and see things that those who think more pessimistically aren't able to see or do. When we see the positive in life, we are then able to see what is invisible to most, feel the intangibles that life has to offer, and acquire notches under our belts that no one else ever thought was imaginable. Be a winner, generate positive expectations for the end, and be sure to think big as well. It is only in this manner that life's greatest obstacles are overcome. If you don't think positive, you will not live positive, and your progression will be limited by your negative mindset. Feel out life with your heart, make plans for yourself and quickly move to start on your way to these plans, for positive results start with a thought, are motivated by momentum, are strengthened by adapta
tions to the plan when challenges arise. Tc, (((((hugs))))) _PERSON_"
175872851,Oops… Here…
175872852,"gotta wait for that money coming in honey, assuming everybody gets it, the next stimulus check. _NAME_ says his stereo stuff he’s selling isn’t going out because of Christmas spending."
175872853,I’m gonna sleep good tonight that’s for sure
175872854,Please see a GP.
175872855,Keep trying you would feel much better if you quit
174323024,"I’ve been convinced for some years now that I am in one of three pickles. Either the people around me wherever I go can hear my thoughts, or maybe I’m just lost in the sauce, suffering from meth-induced psychosis, or I’m schizophrenic, hallucinating and delusional. But there are a few experiences that I can’t come up with an explanation for that lead me to believe the first of those. First of all, multiple times I have been ran out of different cities. I find it hard to believe that I could hallucinate the sheer amount of people I saw, let alone how realistic they appeared (nothing like some corner-of-your-eye, formless silhouette, which I also do often see). They were whole people walking and driving. Secondly, I had one experience my first time attending a new church where the pastor seemed to be responding to every thought I was having, as soon as I thought it, for a matter of minutes. It went something like this. “I don’t know if I should be here” “If you’re asking yourself if 
you’re in the right place, the answer is of course!” “Oh my God, did he just respond to that thought??” “Maybe you feel like I know what you’re thinking? Rest assured-“ “Holy **** he has to know what I’m thinking, it’s like he’s speaking to me, for me.. w.t.f.” “And if you think that I’m speaking directly to you, I probably am.” “Sorcery. This has to be for something other than good, this is bad, big time” “You might think that this is something malevolent, that there’s no way that this could be for the Lord-“ “I gotta get the **** out of here” Needless to say, I never went back to that church. But the voices I’d hear remained. They have been saying the same thing since it started, and that is for me to stop talking to myself. I recognize I have always had an internal dialogue that is non-stop, so much so that I sometimes have to take a deep breath just to stop these meaningless conversations. And the meth doesn’t help at all. But the thought that other people a
re being bothered by my thoughts, that they can’t hear themselves think, is something I can hardly live with. I have tried to stop thinking or meditating multiple times a day, if only for 30 seconds at a time, for years. But either I think of something I don’t want to or they continue to tell me to stop talking to myself, to which I reply that I wasn’t, but they assure me I am still talking, apparently hearing thoughts I don’t even know I’m thinking. Third, though the voices I hear come through many mediums (as thoughts in my head, as people’s voices from outside (which is terrifying), through the t.v., and also from people’s bluetooth/hands-free in their cars as they pass by) the most troublesome is by far the thoughts. This is because, as it’s been explained to me, my thoughts are so loud that these people cannot hear themselves think. Consequently, they stop talking/thinking after about 2 words to say “stop talking over me” or “stop talking to yourself”. My inability to listen to th
eir thoughts without thinking them myself (and in my case, loudly) has been the main barrier stopping me and the voices around me from communicating effectively for years now. I list this as the third reason why I don’t think myself to be hallucinating because I have done lots of research up to this point and have yet to find any schizophrenics who find it nearly impossible to talk with their voices. My situation seems relatively unique in that aspect. Whether that just means that I’m unique in my inability to listen to someone’s thoughts without repeating each and every word, and so loudly that they would stop thinking mid-thought, I do not know. Last but not least, I think of myself as a logical, rational person and not the type to be able to be convinced of anything inconsistent. I need an explanation that makes sense to me and explains every part of what I’ve been going through. So far the idea that I have done something to my brain from years of meth to cause me to broadcast my thoughts and hear 
those of others within a certain distance makes more sense than that I am delusional. Mostly because my delusions are so consistent and detailed and on the rare occasion that someone else can get a whole thought through, they usually are telling me something that I have no knowledge of before-hand. I do not believe that I am suffering from psychosis for two reasons . First is because this is my only positive symptom for schizophrenia, this “thought-broadcasting”. And second, I have left the meth alone for 1-3 months a few different times in the last few years since all this started (a month or two after picking up the pipe) and this symptom stays. It gets quieter, somewhat, but it’s still there. And even if it did go away, I don’t think that that is sufficient reason to conclude that it was not really happening. I also see nearly invisible, translucent people and sometimes animals around my house and outside too which is a common thing among crystal meth users, the community refers to them as shadow p
eople. I can walk right through them and they don’t seem to be too bothered by it. They speak to me too but their words come to me exclusively as thoughts as opposed to real voices. I find that interesting. They are the ones that want (or need..) me to stop talking to myself. Oh and the voices I hear also claim to see what I visualize. They probably don’t have any reason to lie but I wouldn’t know because as soon as I picture something (a shape, tool etc.), I think of what it’s called. I recognize the possibility that I am only hearing the translucent figures and not my neighbors. But I don’t understand how I also hear people’s voices, coming not as thoughts but through my ears, from different distances outside identical to any other person I’ve heard walk down the street. The people in my life all claim that they don’t hear anything. I imagine they say this only to keep me from accepting the sad truth, that they can and do hear every one of my thoughts. If they do then they would be aware of 
all the suicidal thoughts I have daily, and tell me anything to keep me from acting on them. Anybody have any thoughts on this? I have been taking 2 of my antipsychotic (Vraylar)daily for about a week now hoping this will go away asap but I'm not sure it will as I'm convinced this is real. Below I’ve copy and pasted some things I find that online that relate to my situation. newlightbody.org/hearing-other-peoples-thoughts.html Jun 28, 2015 Telepathy, Schizophrenia, or Drug Addiction? by: _PERSON_ …up until i started messin with crystal. Full blown visions, seeing creatures from.other dimensions offering knowledge and power, hearing the thoughts of neighbors as if they could somehow see me. Every sound seemed to have a deeper hidden meaning, almost as a.response, same with tv nd radio. Then i went into myself and somehow made a.deal to stay alive by ""jumping"" again. I stopped using, but since then the.voices wont stop, and not only.can i.hear them, they can supposedly hear me too. They say they hear me, 
but wont tell me. My thoughts seem to affect reality, things people say or things tht happen, but its just technically classified as paranoid schizophrenia. I just liked the way he said this tapatalk.com/groups/schizotypal/thought-broadcasting-telepathy-t227.html _AT_MENTION_ 2:45 PM - May 27, 2009#3 My perception of the collective unconscious is that it is a large pool of water, we all swim in and contribute to, with our thoughts, feelings, sensations, etc. We congregate in different areas of this ocean of thought, but we are all connected. Our thoughts and preoccupations feed a stream that runs into the greater collective. When we are close to others, particularly in an intellectual way, and start feeding the same streams, we aren't ""reading their minds"" broadcasting our thoughts to them, etc...We are simply ""on the same page"" to an astonishing degree. I guess another analogy would be we are swarming with them, like flocks of starlings, who don't have to ""read thoughts"", but act of ""their own"" volit
ion. By virtue of the fact that the term ""their own"" becomes amorphous in this arrangement, it simply amplifies the idea that the skull isn't a discreet capsule, but a semi permeable membrane, and much of what happens on a mental level is osmotic, in nature. I don't think it serves the schizotaxic and schizophrenic community well to dismiss parapsychology. Hallucination, telepathy and concrete reality exist on a weird continuum, that's poorly understood by science. Giving moral validation to every perceived communication with the dead, invisible acquaintances, etc.. is also not a great idea. The mystic swims in the same waters that psychotics are prone to drown in. The pyschiatric community has to somehow navigate through some difficult epistemological waters, here. Personally I would NEVER give a very clear ""voice in my head"" any control or influence over my life. On a mystical level, it's akin to breaking and entering the sanctuaries we create within our own minds. Ignore these voices with extreme preju
dice. livesensical.com/podcast/think-grow-rich/brain-thought-broadcasting-receiving-station/ …Contrary to widespread opinion, they do not improve when the percipient is asleep or half-asleep, but, on the contrary, when he is most wide-awake and alert. _PERSON_ discovered that a narcotic will invariably lower a percipient’s score, while a stimulant will always send it higher. Think and Grow Rich (Ch. 13) roblewis.com/wp-content/uploads/Think-And-Grow-Rich_2008-10.pdf …The Creative Imagination is the ""receiving set"" of the brain, which receives thoughts, released by the brains of others. It is the agency of communication between one's conscious, or reasoning mind, and the four sources from which one may receive thought stimuli. When stimulated, or ""stepped up"" to a high rate of vibration, the mind becomes more receptive to the vibration of thought which reaches it through the ether from outside sources. This ""stepping up"" process takes place through the positive emotions, or the negative emotions. T
hrough the emotions, the vibrations of thought may be increased. Vibrations of an exceedingly high rate are the only vibrations picked up and carried, by the ether, from one brain to another. Thought is energy travelling at an exceedingly high rate of vibration. Thought, which has been modified or ""stepped up"" by any of the major emotions, vibrates at a much higher rate than ordinary thought, and it is this type of thought which passes from one brain to another, through the broadcasting machinery of the human brain. …"
174323026,"Every schizophrenic thinks they’re surrounded by demons or are one themselves. Really bad misery evokes worse imaginings. Satan is usually the worst thing they can imagine. But what about the guy who eats the black part of the banana? I mean, get creative here, if you wanna dig down. Eventually you hit the worst thing you can imagine and there’s nowhere to go from there, and you realize you’re actually not that bad."
175872856,"I’m on Haldol. I don’t know if I feel like doing a med change. I’ve only ever been on 4 meds. Those four were risperdal, haldol, invega and ability."
175872857,if you have preference ?
175872858,Same. Ive cried in front of others a handful of times. My fiance saw me cry for the first time in the 7 years weve known each other a few months back and she disnt know what to do
175872859,"Also my new pants I've barely worn are able to slid off me without unbuttoning them. So that does confirm I'm losing a bit of weight. Almost wish they fit better cuz I think they look good on me and now they sag. And I don't want that. _PERSON_ said he was looking at himself from when we first met. He says he is much bigger. Has gained like, I think he said, 40 or 50 pounds since hes been with me. I have gained like....wait a min... I've gained 50 pounds also. Wowowowow. How embarrassing. I lost almost 10 of them this past month tho. And this spaghetti squash is one of things I'm doing to cut calories and eat healthier. Pasta and pizza, I love them the most. I am not eating any kind of ramen whatsoever tho because it never agrees with me."
175872860,My work pays for discovery so I dont have choice I heard from doctors _PERSON_ the best. I dont want to upgrade my plan otherwise I have to use Medexpress and apparently they useless and have so many negative reviews. They pay the GP like R150 for a consult and thats the rate. Surprised GPS actually service discovery
175872861,Take some Ativan and serequel and pass out
175872862,"I just, idk man. This is devastating. 80 percent... I’m so fckn scared for my dad."
175872863,That’s great ! There’s no stopping you now ! What brand did you get?
175872864,Paranoia? For example I was at college waiting outside class room and the rest of the students were stood further away from me and I thought that they didn’t like me and giving me the cold shoulder I felt hurt then I realized I was standing outside the wrong room
175872865,That’s cool. Good job.
175872866,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ and yes _AT_MENTION_ I think last time I went down too fast and was reacting to withdraw symptoms.
175872867,"Thank you. Ever since I got into therapy, I’ve been able to connect with somewhat of feelings. I can’t say it’s much, but it’s something. I’m glad I can control my emotions so well now. My psychologist told me I was responsible for my reactions. I soaked that up."
174323023,I cant imagine not smoking. Its that or the vape if i can get used to it. Giving up is’nt that high on my list of goals. At least leave me one vice.
175872868,"because you Must stop the pills by yourself , based on what u said on these days Also , What’s the difference of getting a shot and taking pills if u really are not going to stop the meds by yourself? Can u answer that?"
175872869,"Hi, I have delusional disorder. My main symptom for the past 6 years is that the government is spying on me, following me around and looking at my most precious personal photos of me and my cat. Recently, I had a very stressful period and I started getting very scared that I'm sleepwalking. I'm scared that I uploaded my most precious photos of me and my cat who recently passed away onto the Internet in my sleep (which I always keep under lock and key because they are so precious to me), I'm worried I took indecent photos and uploaded them onto the Internet in my sleep, I'm worried I looked for inappropriate or illegal images or sites in my sleep, and did other inappropriate or illegal things in my sleep. I am going to buy a security camera to see if I'm sleepwalking, but I don't know what to do about past episodes which I have no knowledge of. I have no known history of sleepwalking, however I do have sleep apnea which can cause sleepwalking, and I take quetiapine, which can also cause sleepwalking
. This is even worse than my thinking that the government is spying on me, because I have no control over my actions and I'm not even sure what I've done in my past in my sleep. I've talked to my psychiatrist over it but he didn't even want to adjust my meds... any advice would be most helpful."
175872870,I keep getting thoughts telling me to ???? up my body/brain. I’m afraid they’ll win.
174323028,bump bumpity bump bump
175872871,"my psychiatrist is on leave until August 28, I wouldn’t have had zyprexa until then"
175872872,i dont need to get myself addicted on medications i hate those pills
175872873,I think it is a picture of a light being completely covered all around by darkness. To be that you have to let the light in. You seem to be batting away or throwing two lights like projectiles. Which is all our case. It may seem like stories but it is all true. Simple and yet profound.
175872874,"I get some spiritual dreams, occasionally a nightmare and a ???? ton of precognitive dreams."
175872875,"# Faulty brain processing of new information underlies psychotic delusions, finds new research Problems in how the brain recognizes and processes novel information lie at the root of psychosis, researchers from the University of Cambridge and King’s College London have found. Their discovery that defective brain signals in patients with psychosis could be altered with medication paves the way for new treatments for the disease. The results, published today in the journal Molecular Psychiatry , describe how a chemical messenger in the brain called dopamine ‘tunes’ the brain to the level of novelty in a situation, and helps us to respond appropriately—by either updating our model of reality or discarding the information as unimportant. The researchers found that a brain region called the superior frontal cortex is important for signaling the correct degree of learning required, depending on the novelty of a situation. Patients with psychosis have faulty brain activation in this region during 
learning, which could lead them to believe things that are not real. “Novelty and uncertainty signals in the brain are very important for learning and forming beliefs. When these signals are faulty, they can lead people to form mistaken beliefs, which in time can become delusions,” said Dr. _NAME_ from the University of Cambridge’s Department of Psychiatry, who jointly led the research. In novel situations, our brain compares what we know with the new information it receives, and the difference between these is called the ‘prediction error’. The brain updates beliefs according to the size of this prediction error: large errors signal that the brain’s model of the world is inaccurate, thereby increasing the amount that is learned from new information. Psychosis is a condition where people have difficulty distinguishing between what is real and what is not. It involves abnormalities in a brain chemical messenger called dopamine, but how this relates to patient experiences of delusions and hallucinat
ions has until now remained a mystery. The new study involved 20 patients who were already unwell with psychosis, 24 patients with milder symptoms that put them at risk of the condition, and 89 healthy volunteers. Participants were put into a brain scanning machine called a functional MRI and asked to play a computer game. This allowed the researchers to record activity in the participants’ brains as they engaged in situations with a potential variety of outcomes. In a second part of the study, 59 of the healthy volunteers had their brains scanned after taking medications that act on the signaling of dopamine in the brain. These medications changed the way that the superior frontal cortex prediction error responses were tuned to the degree of uncertainty. “Normally, the activity of the superior frontal cortex is finely tuned to signal the level of uncertainty during learning. But by altering dopamine signaling with medication, we can change the reactivity of this region. When we integrate this finding wit
h the results from patients with psychosis, it points to new treatment development pathways,” said Dr. _NAME_ from the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience at King’s College London, who jointly led the study with Dr. _NAME_. In addition to studying brain activation, the researchers developed mathematical models of the choices made by participants in the computer game, to better understand the strategies of how people learn. They found that patients with psychosis did not take into account the level of uncertainty during learning, which may be a good strategy in some circumstances but could lead to problems in others. Learning problems were related to alterations in brain activation in the superior frontal cortex, with patients with severe symptoms of psychosis showing more significant alterations. “While these kind of abnormal brain responses were predicted several years ago, this is the first time the changes have actually been shown to be present. The results give us confidence that our 
theoretical models of psychosis are correct,” said Dr. _PERSON_ from University College London, first author of the study."
175872876,I have some of these as well. It’s part of dissociation I believe .
175872877,"I can see and feel that my erection is weaker,more importantly my sperm is lesser on meds then not on.Don’t know the exact reason"
175872878,"You don’t live with me, _AT_MENTION_ You don’t live with me."
175872879,Worldwide the number must be huge if that is only the Netherlands.
175872880,"The Question Arrives. You Say, “they”, I Ask, WHO?. Now The Question. . ., Why Didn’t You Make Your Query More Visible Without Leaving It Open Ended With The Word, “they”?."
175872881,Sorry you’re having trouble financially and everything _AT_MENTION_ I hope things get better for you soon
175872882,I know. I can’t believe I have to wait so long.
175872883,I never even looked it up Just been in semi denial
175872884,I Don’t Give A
175872885,Just an update I’ve been on Seroquel 50 mg with the worst sleep ever. It mixing with the activating vraylar I don’t know but it knocks me out so far but when you wake up it’s like you’ve haven’t even slept then its the worst trying to go back to sleep so uncomfortable n crazy bad. Then I pop a vraylar I’m taking it in the morning for some reason n I feel good. It would be ashamed to lose vraylar cause I can’t sleep. I need a new sleep med that will knock me out. N maybe switch to taking vraylar at night maybe elavil? Thanks forum
175872886,I found out that I have kidney cysts. I wonder if Risperdal can cause this. Go speak with your doctor right away _AT_MENTION_ You don’t want to ignore that. Better safe than sorry.
175872887,"Media Bias/Fact Check Wall Street Journal - Media Bias/Fact Check Overall, we rate the Wall Street Journal Right-Center biased due to low biased news reporting in combination with a strongly right biased editorial stance"
174323032,"If you got a do-over in life, what would you do differently? Do you think you could prevent yourself from getting schizophrenia?"
175872888,Thats great to hear _AT_MENTION_ I plan on staying on Invega Trinza until I lose a good amount of weight and the injection stays well in my muscles. Maybe just then ill stop the injections but thats a thought for the future. Cheers.
175872889,Skyrim theme cover by _NAME_ and _NAME_
175872890,Sacshmo welcome Obviously you know we support share and ? and care
175872891,Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better soon.
175872892,Well I haven’t been on it long enough. I only got 3 pills of each upon discharge from the psych hospital so I’m having to space them out. I have my follow up at the hospital on Wednesday and hope they’ll give me enough to last till the 31st when I see my psych. I was told my psych would have to do a prior authorization when I see him I’m hoping I won’t have any issues. I’m double ensured so I don’t think I’ll have any issues. I’ve been on both Wellbutrin and Zoloft in the past they didn’t work for me.
175872893,I’m also bitter that I’m poor and just a peasant lol…
174323034,You mean invega sustenna or abilify maintena?
175872894,Crochet is nice too. Give that a shot! But be patient with yourself and practice.
175872895,I wouldn’t be comfortable zooming with a bunch of strangers. You can pm here though.
175872896,Had fun with friends at dinner
175872897,"Maybe it’s a stretch too far, but am trying to say, maybe schizophrenia is born out of being isolated for long periods of time"
175872898,I increased from 75 mg to 100 mg yesterday. I hope it helps. It seems like a high dose but I know some people are on 200 or more so I guess it’s not that high. I want to get off meds at some point in the not too distant future. I thought the dose increase would make that more complicated but the doc says just do it very slowly and it will be no problem.
175872899,All I can say is that you will regret it when you are older and your health goes.
175872900,? HT
175872901,"man is great, just let him be, there well come a time, when he has needs."
175872902,I would love the recipe for the orange almond cake. Mr. Star is obsessed with almonds and cardamum.
175872903,What antipsychotic are you on?
175872904,Yes sometimes Alien puts songs into my head
175872905,I think happiness is fleeting. Most of the time I’m content but empty and dead. When I distract myself with simple pleasures i can feel happy for a little while. But it doesn’t last.
175872906,Try asking them a question like what is the population of Kansas and see if they reply with a correct answer!
175872907,"It just sounds like a bit of temporary paranoia. Obviously you are aware it’s not true, so it’s no longer a delusion"
175872908,"Woah, that’s a very long time!!! Yikes. Hope things keep going well for you"
175872909,I have wondered if i was mentally incapable of understanding societal norms. I mayve actually damaged my brain from drug abuse as a teen too tho.
175872910,I'm in a panic this morning. I have an appointment today. I think I am prepared. I just wish I could go now and get it over with. Maybe I need to meditate to calm down.
175872911,didn’t you ask them to bring you to the psych ward? So you prob know yourself why you wanted to go there.
175872912,I feel weighted down especially when standing with legs open a bit sticking my hands out or standing on one leg also when driving when I come to a stop it lasts for a second after doing this things then goes away ive been on risperidone for almost 2 years I was on seroquel for sleeping but stopped 2 weeks ago
175872913,"_AT_MENTION_ I thought the main page could be expanded to include wellbeing items, it seems to be just news and info and i was wondering if you do any interviews on your show?"
175872914,"Yeah that sucks...I hate anxiety, it’s comorbid with psychosis so often that I wonder if it contributes to it like the paranoia aspect is similar."
175872915,Same here
175872916,That’s it. I’m not reading you peoples posts anymore…
174323044,"PubMed Central (PMC) 39. VIRUSES AND SCHIZOPHRENIA: IMPLICATIONS FOR PATHOPHYSIOLOGY AND TREATMENT Overall Abstract: The viral hypothesis of schizophrenia posits that viral infections disrupts cortical circuits that give rise to schizophrenia psychopathology. Prenatal viral exposure during key neurodevelopmental periods, either through direct..."
175872917,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ I feel I have real bad people after me because they think they can get inside my body and I think they hurt someone before also I have other people after me because of intrusive thoughts that are not mine and I am getting blamed for things I have not done like I never hurt anyone. They make me sound bad when people are in my mind and this guy keeps saying he poisoned my drinks, food, beauty products, my straightening iron that I think he touched which made my hair so thin. I am sorry I am downloading all my troubles to you. I makes me worried and paranoid at the same time."
175872918,Ghosts dont exist hunni
175872919,Welcome _AT_MENTION_ nice to see you back man
175872920,"Yes, I also hear words in everyday sounds. You?"
175872921,"The older I get the less scared of being psychotic again, because real life scares me more."
175872922,My manager at my last job said I was like _PERSON_. I took that as a compliment lol.
175872923,"valproate sucks hard, my tremors were so severe, i couldnt sign my signature if you want to take valproate for seizures, i would suggest to try different anti-convulsant."
175872924,"Of course I like smetana, especially with ladushkies and _USER_ID_. PS; I’m scared to click that link."
175872925,lol. yeah is pretty old. I don’t know if he can make it two terms. He would be 86 years old by the end of his second term. If he gets a second term _NAME_ may get a shot at running things.
175872926,"I am quite forgiving, and patient, but if someone does not like me I don’t want to run after them, since they don’t like me. I don’t want to be around ppl who don’t want to be around me. If someone triggers me in some way then I try to create space. Until I feel that that trigger feeling is gone."
175872927,I’ll be waiting for it coming out in the theatre
175872928,To people im close to i tend to prattle on but thats not many but with people i dont know well i say very little. Ive got “hi how are you…Thats good/that sucks” and “cool” mastered but struggle with much more than that.
175872929,"However, you are very talented and your painting is very vivid,"
175872930,"I love you. You should love you too. Love yourself. I love me.. But not in a narcissistic way.. Narcissists just think they're great. To really LOVE the self is true love. Comforting love. That everything is ok. ""Oh, it's just me, myself and I _PERSON_ ride until I die Cause I, got me for life yeah Oh I don't need a hand to hold Even when the night is cold I got that fire in my soul"" ...."
175872931,"It’s a down under europajism, like the toilet flushing counter clock wise and _PERSON_ Dear Old _PERSON_… etc."
175872932,"well, I’m torn. PTSD is typically from facing a near death experience. for instance, do you get it from watching violent movies, or video games?"
175872933,"This music video by 2Pac & _PERSON_ motivates me. ttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nZ3NE4LnAA (sorry, I’m still a new user so I can’t embed the video)"
174323038,"I’ve only ever found a few real articles on CBD and psychosis, and the doses needed would be hundreds of dollars worth a day, if it’s even effective. I take lab tested, state shop, CBD for anxiety. 30-60mg works for me. It lasts about 8 hours. Just a mild calming. My Pdoc doesn’t mind, but I’d run it past yours before trying."
175872934,yes. I sometimes spend a whole day trying to ‘do something’ if its quite bad. i try to use a 5 minute timer to kick my butt into gear. when i lack motivation it might more related to feeling like nothings worth doing compared to avolition where I really want to do stuff but just cant get going.
175872935,I go swimming. I have put a lot of weight on over Christmas though.
174323039,"Yes, I’ve put a lot of effort into that, such as “open letters” in my diary. I rarely, if ever, got any response, so I’ve mostly stopped trying. Well, maybe I haven’t stopped trying, because I often use pronouns like “we”, “our”, and “us” when I write. I want them to feel included. I absolutely want feedback. I even want to switch. It’s usually as if my system is “dead” or at least “asleep”. -A."
175872936,I was thinking Why d you don’t get something for the side effects like convention or something.
175872937,Don’t forget poverty as a cause for younger death.
175872938,"I think intermittent fasting is easy for that purpose. Only eat 50 cals an hour until 4 PM and eat a meal or two by 8 PM. Meds might make you hungrier though. I lost a fair bit of weight that way, like 20 pounds recently. Didn’t exercise much at all. I satisfied my fasting hunger with tea and water, and the occasional apple. It’s like keto, but you carb out during the eating window."
175872939,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ may you feel better soon
175872940,"Supernova Exit by _NAME_ | Free Listening on SoundCloud Supernova Exit Hold tight, I’m going up this time I have become a master of this crime Who wants to be tied down to the ground? Not me If I know anything, it is I’m going to be free Oh I believe there’s something to my daydreams Of realizing everything is not what it seems The light within the darkness is what I see A supernova exit into a new reality"
175872941,I went through a white portal too. Lost consciousness.
175872942,"This is stupid, the idea of not going on social media for a week. Especially during a pandemic when I have no social interaction to begin with. Now's the time I really need it."
175872943,"Sertraline 100mg, although I think my pdoc needs to up the dose again."
175872944,It’s brilliant !
175872945,"We’re gonna do a 2 week grocery shop tomorrow as that’s when our store said they’re restocking everything. So just the 2 12 packs of tp, cause kids are out of school statewide till April 6th. And then I won’t have to risk it next week cause we got 4 unofficially confirmed positives in town. Test had to be sent to CDC to be verified and declared a positive before official announcement, but _PERSON_ decided to say ???? it, we’re at 19 confirmed in the last 8 days. None traveled outside of country so it was picked up thru work related functions either in Chicago or Rockford IL. I’m not gonna waste a lot on meat except lunch meats. But our chest freezer is pretty bare so it’s like well I think meat is a lesser requirement, I’ll see what they have but meat prices jumped a few weeks back when first reports were coming out, and I don’t have a _NAME_’s Club or Costco so bulk buying is unavailable. And food pantries are closing because volunteers are elderly, so they can’t expose them. 
But on plus side I got 20 DVDs and a few blue Ray’s used at a shop for 73 bucks, they had a buy 3 get 6 free regular dvd sale for today, so kids have movies. At grocery store I’m buying Black Panther for 5 bucks blue ray and Us the horror movie for 4 bucks from Redbox. So _PERSON_’ll have Wakanda and I’ll have a horror movie. Our library has decided to stay open but no programs until May. But they are offering if you go online. Checkout things online they have curbside pickup. So might do that too."
175872946,"God my sleep quality is so great. I'm so lucky that I can take an upper in the morning and a downer at night - And there's no side effects or tolerance. It makes me normal. I have such good dreams too. I'm going to walk to one of the gift shops here to get a 2021 calendar for my mom to use at work - She phoned me at noon so I have something to do. It will be a nice walk - It's nice and sunny out =] I'm so glad to live here... I remember when I was in the middle of no where and said ""I might move to the rockies"" - I was really hoping for it to happen.. and it did.. Although these past 3 years have been really messed up - But I've grown and learned good lessons. I made friends and socialized, held down jobs, etc.. Everyone here is so chill and doesn't judge. They're not overly social (Because when I lived in the middle of no where, I didn't know why they were so happy. They were happy for no reason) - Usually where I live now, they are outcasts that just want a more exciting life. I feel really com
fortable here. #JustThoughts"
175872947,"Yeah, me too. God, Satan, the sacrifice, the antichrist, a prophet of the lord, a nephilim, a cambion, all kinds of sh it."
175872948,"Don’t say that! You can make it and succeed. My negatives are severe as well as cognitive decline. I went from 130 to 110 iq, allegedly."
175872949,You should take Zyprexa at 9pm every night. I used to take 20mg and it made me sleep 10 hours a night and nap during the day.
175872950,I'm not in a good mental state. I hate my life. I wish I was dead.
175872951,"I am 40 years old, don’t know where the time went."
175872952,Best of luck Star84
175872953,"Yes, thank you. It’s always good to have someone to talk to, I’ve been feeling down lately, my OCD went out of control and I believe my phone got hacked. It’s very hard for me to be in this situation, I don’t know what this guy wants from me, I never mess with anyone, I’m a good person. The only thing he does is to complicate a mentally ill guy’s life."
175872954,"Nice to hear _AT_MENTION_ Maybe i need time on my ap still to get to that point? One pdoc was telling me, that maybe i’ll need years but my friends saw their paranoia disappear from the meds in months, maybe its a lie…"
175872955,"Hi everyone. Sorry I haven't been around much. Work has been hectic. We are going to three day weeks next week so I might be around a little more, not sure. I'll have more time off but I usually come here when I'm at work, so who knows. I might be cramming more in on my three days. So ready for COVID to be over and done with and have life get back to normal. I'm doing better than earlier in the week. I had a good day yesterday but I had some restlessness I had to work out of my body. Anyone else get like that? It's like I had to move. Not sure if it is anxiety or meds or what. Anyway, lots of hugs for everyone! HUG HUG HUG Kit"
175872956,"Yes, all the time"
175872957,You can try valerian it’s a natural sleep herb available at pharmacies
175872958,PCOS is very treatable. My ex wife had it.
175872959,Seeing more auras today.
175872960,Best of luck with it !
175872961,"I have a phobia about puzzles. I’m deathly afraid of them. I mean all those crazy shapes, it makes the chills go down my spine just talking about them."
174323045,"I see my psychiatrist this week too, on Wednesday. The last days are being bad for me. I spent some days with my parents in their house and I have lived very stressful situations there. I couldn’t sleep last night. Normally Abilify makes me feel tired."
175872962,"Hello how’s your condition lately? I’m so sorry to hear that your therapist passed away. Hope you can find the one to work for you again. Yes, I hear more and more about “med resistant” depression lately. It scares me. For me Prozac seems working so far even if I’m still on recovery from my severe depression."
175872963,Amisulpride 1000mg a day and 15mg of diazepam
175872964,Hugs _AT_MENTION_
175872965,I need to feel comfortable to be open with them. Smart.
175872966,_AT_MENTION_ thanks for the well wishes
175872967,"Yep, except for the Fish Oil. It is always the Fish Oil that is my downfall."
175872968,They ‘voices’ are just ??????? peds just brush them off.
175872969,"Hi _PERSON_, I'm sorry that things have been so hectic for you lately. Since I'm new here, this is the first post from you that I've read. It is heartbreaking that nothing you have tried has really helped. I wish I had some insight to share but unfortunately I lack such insight. I agree with what you write that we must always remember not to give up. You are an inspiration to me. I hope you find something that helps you."
175872970,"I don’t know about the USA, but in the UK community mental health care has been a good idea hampered by decades of serious underfunding . In terms of people needing hospitalisation sometimes a bed can only be found 200/300 miles from where they live ."
175872971,der1920×1080 682 KB here is my hobby
175872972,"Wasn’t strong enough for me. _PERSON_ over medicated, under target efficacy. I originally got put on risperdal on the ward. Stayed on it for two years while my first Tinkered with less effective meds. She was the of the mind to give me three lower profile AP’s at a single time, than give me anything stronger. Switched Pdocs, new one got me off the risperidone and on Zyprexa and I love it. I can handle the side effect profile, and I’m feeling more Stable. Risperidone helped me, but it wasn’t the best fit."
174323051,"I was stabilised before I even took it to be honest. Respiridone did the work for me. Aripiprazole/abilify had the effect of reducing weight gain and keeping my mood less manic. It’s also helped me with attention in the present, psychologically. I would say."
175872973,"That’s good, better than fully believing in dangerous delusions."
175872974,"Only 0.5 mg of Klonipin prn seems to stop my anxiety related lip pressing. I press my lips so bad a lot of times that I practically wear a hole in the side of my mouth. I just hate this terrible habit but, I’ve had it for 50 years and I guess there’s no stopping it now."
174323043,"Before I got sick I could never spell schizophrenia. Now, after having it for 30 odd years I finally learned how to spell it right half the time."
175872975,"It’s a bit late to start doing that, they should’ve done that before hundreds of people lost their lives"
175872976,"I have a ton of flower laying around, but I haven’t smoked any in about a month. Not sure if it’s because I feel I don’t need it, or I don’t like the idea of smoking it anymore. It def helped with my symptoms though, mainly anxiety."
175872977,Now looking at this post the next day I realize I was being sensitive and was just having a bad day lol. My bad. I wasn’t in the mood at the time I guess .
175872978,I also got my period back after about a month. Maybe ask your psychiatrist.
175872979,"Hello! I am back. It is been three months since I last active on here. Since June, I have been working part-time job as delivery rider. Basically each week I work three days. Do you think it is good for mental health? Thanks to the understanding of my employer, I like the special arrangement of this part-time job schedule. The salary is nearly halved but I am feeling alright about it."
175872980,"I used to think that living with bipolar disorder was the worst thing to ever happen to me, that this illness that manifested in my brain was all that I was or that I would ever be. I used to think I was hard to love. After all, who wants to visit me in the psych ward or sit by while a man in a white coat stitches up the tender skin on my left wrist. Who has the right words to talk me off the ledge, to lift me up, to lift me out of my dark depressions? I used to wonder when enough was really enough of me. And how can anyone love a girl who doesn’t know how to love herself? I used to think I was a burden. Heavy and dark. I used to think there would always be this clashing of moods – the ups, the downs – that my impulsivity would remain unchecked. I used to worry about the anger that caused me to lash out and break things, to say things I inevitably regretted. I used to be a lot of things. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2020/01/10/3260/"
175872981,"the liver can recover, with good health…its a super organ"
175872982,"This is so beautiful, and hits close to home. As a kid I was briefly suicidal, but once I was told I was dying I suddenly wanted very much to live. You and _AT_MENTION_ should turn this into another song."
174323040,"Ask your pdoc for an anti anxiety drug, Also, they’ll probably put you on some kind of anti psychotic. I don’t know if Abilify is the right drug for you. Geodon and Seroquel have worked very well for me."
175872983,Merry Christmas to you
174323050,"Gone from 15, then to 10 and now 10 every second day over the last couple of weeks. Now I don’t feel so good. Not sure if this is withdrawal symptoms or coincidence. Anybody here get any withdrawal symptoms from reducing Abilify dose?"
175872984,If I had been normal I wouldn’t have gotten hurt. But I feel like I have more empathy because of my difference
175872985,You go round and round in circles asking the same questions. You say you are paranoid… if you really want to come off meds do it with guidance from your doctor. If he won’t let you then no one can help you.
175872986,On meds no one can know that I have sz unless I tell them.
174323042,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov _NAME_-analysis of randomised controlled trials with N-acetylcysteine in the treatment of schizophrenia. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, A _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, The Australian and New Zealand journal of psychiatry , Dec 2019 11 There is accumulating evidence that adjunctive treatment with N-acetylcysteine may be effective for schizophrenia. This study aimed to conduct a comprehensive _NAME_-analysis examining the efficacy of randomised control trials investigating N-acetylcysteine as an adjunct treatment for schizophrenia and the first to investigate cognition as an outcome.We systematically reviewed Medline, EmCare, PsycINFO, Embase, CINAHL Complete, China Knowledge Resource Integrated Database and the Cochrane Clinical Trials online registry for randomised control trials of N-acetylcysteine for schizophrenia. We undertook pairwise _NAME_-analyses of N-acetylcysteine vs placebo for psychosis symptoms and 
cognition.Seven studies, including n = 220 receiving N-acetylcysteine and n = 220 receiving placebo, met inclusion criteria for the pairwise _NAME_-analyses. Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale negative and total scores were significantly improved in the N-acetylcysteine group after 24 weeks of treatment. The cognitive domain of working memory improved with N-acetylcysteine supplementation.Evidence supports the notion that N-acetylcysteine may be a useful adjunct to standard treatment for the improvement of schizophrenia symptoms, as well as the cognitive domain of working memory. Treatment effects were observed at the later time point (?24 weeks), suggesting that longer interventions are required for the success of N-acetylcysteine treatment."
174323047,I was wondering how you were doing. I was worried about you. Thanks for posting and letting us know how you are getting along _AT_MENTION_ . I’m sorry Clozaril didn’t work out.
175872987,You won’t be harmed if you join the provos Italy. Don’t worry Italy your not joining the provos
175872988,I bought a fur vest and went to eat at Korean BBQ restaurant.
175872989,Is that you _AT_MENTION_ ?
175872990,I took it for awhile but its didn’t really help me at all.
175872991,Nope going to read the mental health magazine maybe it will fix my anxiety fack
175872992,Time to watch Criminal Minds with a nice cozy blanket on
175872993,"There are many ways to help, one of them is just companionship and sharing affection, you don’t have to be a psychiatrist or psychologist to help someone."
175872994,"I am 1/5 blackfoot indian, 1/5 soiux indian, 1/5 irish, 1/5 english, 1/5 unknown. I was born in Pennslyvania in usa. I personnelly call myself a Heinz 57 mutt. Which means I have a tiny bit ofevery race in me due to being 100% human race …"
175872995,All he said was “Youre gonna lift all that?” How is that harrassment? Maybe his thinking was a little off. I doubt she was showing off just for him but all he did was say a simple five word sentence.
175872996,Are you really gonna recommend religion to religiously delusional people? That’s ??????? sickening.
175872997,"Stick to your guns about those cigarettes, _AT_MENTION_ You’ll be glad you quit - just think of all the money you’re saving."
175872998,"Why dont you have a choice in the matter can you not get a lawyer and fight it, havent heard of someones freedoms being taken away like yours whats the reason they could get away with this?"
175872999,Yes I just got off Depakote because of health reasons but now I’m starting to show signs of some mania. Maybe it’s a good idea that we both get on a mood stabilizer of some sort. Klonopin is not working.
175873000,My voices say it’s my fault for smoking so dont be so hard on your self
174323053,"How my schizophrenia is messing with me right now: As soon as I started eating the dessert and felt it taste good, it switched the pleasant taste off. This has happened several times now. When I started eating gummy bears to see if the pleasant taste would come back, it started switching between being not tasty, fake tasty (not pleasant) and tasty after every few seconds. It also added “somewhere between” tastes/feelings to it (maybe to confuse me, or/and make the transitions appear smoother). Not sure why it’s doing it. Pretty much everything my schizophrenia is doing supposedly revolves around the purpose of making me suffer eternal torture after I die. It has applied many different alien feelings in me, with the apparent purpose to confuse me or trick me into perceiving things in the wrong way. Every now and then it creates a fake “urge to pee” feeling. When I (or the “spirit” controlling my body) go to the bathroom, the voice asks “Why did you go there? You didn’t have to.” 
Then an inserted thought comes up with a reason like “Rein didn’t do it, the spirit did.”, or something else. Then the voice says “We’re going to take that thought away” in the sense that they’re going to ask the question “Why did you go to the bathroom?” again in the afterlife, and if I can’t come up with an answer (because they’ve “taken away” that thought/answer) I’m going to be tortured. The voice asks such questions a lot throughout the day, and for each answer it says “We’re going to take that thought away”, except if the answer is too general, or if the answer is another question (except for a rhetoric question, which, too, gets “taken away”)."
175873001,Definitely avoiding stressful situations and keeping you psychiatrist informed.
175873002,What is going on? I haven’t slept well in like 3 weeks I get 3 to 4 hours of sleep a night and I can barely eat and I feel like utter garbage what do you think this is?
175873003,Is your avatar a DMB/ Dancing Nancies tattoo?
175873004,"I understand the feeling,I never had a gf until age 27…I had worked hard to improve my chances of having a gf or her married but I need to continue or I would lose my wife soon…"
175873005,So I am going to leave on my trip Friday morning and head back Sunday around lunchtime. This way I can see everyone without staying a long time. Plus the tropical storm that is coming in from the Carribean may force me to alter my plans anyway. I would rather not be traveling in the middle of this storm.
175873006,Voices still say iam the weakest being to ever exist it sucks I pasted high school for crying out loud and did spartan race and iam not scared of ????
175873007,I wasn’t aware of that _AT_MENTION_ Good information to have and I hope everything can be patched up between your wife and you.
175873008,"I got an amiga 1200 when I was 10 years old, with some books about programming. I scribbled a lot in them when I was reading them, then my aunt took my books away and I didn’t like playing my games back then, all I wanted to do is study this books. But they where gone then, bc of my aunt. It was frustrating."
175873009,No. Got worried.
175873010,"Hey guys, I try to be a “can do” type of person most of the time. The best way to be helped is to help yourself first. Nevertheless I experience some very bad stages when I don´t want to do anything for myself and I stay that way. I have learned to give myself some permission, and I try to be on that stage the less amount of time possible. And I´m aware that sometimes we need to try 3x harder to do the same things as others. Medication helps. And I don´t condone people that allow themselves to do nothing “because of negative syntoms”, even myself in that situation."
175873011,Sounds scary. Glad you are okay.
175873012,Honey when is the last time you visited the doctor? When you start in on delusional conspiracies you allow evil to win. If your boyfriend really is doing this to you then you NEED to contact your local authorities and get yourself safe.
174323054,Coffee spoils the effect of phosphatidylserine. I think hard to get out of bed is due to less sleep time. Try to go to bed early.
175873013,20200509_1038261536×2048 698 KB
175873014,What is the most bizarre thought you’ve had while being stuck in your mind listening to auditory hallucinations?
175873015,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_.
175873016,"Are you on any benzos? I found when I was working in an office I used to sweat loads, and I think it was the benzos that caused it"
175873017,lovely drawings once again
175873018,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ 64982382_2488057857882380_1916735189992603648_n.jpg 476×714 75 KB
175873019,thanks man… the bottle says take 3?
175873020,"Trying to eat healthy and low calorie during my period, but still I’m super bloated and gaining weight. Trying to remind myself it’s normal and probably just water weight, but it’s still annoying. Today I’m fasting to try to get back on track. I’m hoping to be down to at least 217.6 by the end of the week. Butt I’m really hoping for a little more. If I could be 215 by the 26th I’ll be very happy."
175873021,SMARTEST Guinea Pigs Do THE COOLEST Tricks | The Dodo
175873022,Great Job!
175873023,My anxiety is bad. I have to take pregabalin and diazepam everyday to control it
175873024,"I’m making scrambled eggs with cream cheese, spinach, and mushrooms tomorrow. Lunch will be salad. Dinner will be baked tilapia and Brussels sprouts"
175873025,Eh I am drinking but only when my mouth gets dry from the meds and taking meds.
175873026,17301C9D-DE2A-4D1F-859B-5E60EFCB7AEA.jpeg 2132×3135 1.25 MB
175873027,My therapist told me that we get akathisia because too much dopamine is being blocked . Like in Parkinson's..they have too little dopamine. Which is why some Parkinson meds r prescribed for RLS from APs
175873028,"I dont have any symptoms anymore, i get the odd down periods and that’s it but i think that is normal"
175873029,Yeah I wish those days would return.
175873030,Man that’s ?????? up especially if youre symptom free thats a huge abuse of power. I hope they don’t commit you
175873031,"I take the literal interpretation of things of the film. It’s about control. Maybe it already happened. But I don’t think _NAME_ is there or exists. That part was fantasy as well as the whole 6 times the matrix rebooted itself. For me, it’s been millions of times or millions of different versions, I guess."
174323060,"I know whats Zyprexa withdrawal is like and have to prepare for that, Abilify insomnia, i think normal people sleep for 8 hours, on Olanzapine a sleep for 13 hours, i will try to hang on to Abilify and maybe itll go away, the Insomnia. But ill start at 2.5mg Abilify, gradually theyll increase to 10mg."
175873032,Should i quit my meds and change to cbd oil?
175873033,_AT_MENTION_ I wouldn’t mind doing a sleep study if my insurance would help pay for it. I’d really like to know why I wake up so much during the night.
175873034,"oh sorry to hear that, _AT_MENTION_ missing somebody that is not here anymore is hard huh. I hope you feel a bit better soon."
175873035,"In the past I’ve gotten violent off meds, so I don’t do that. The meds probably aren’t causing your symptoms. I know what you mean though. Occasionally I am happy when my arthritis is not hurting."
175873036,Ugh ate too much today
175873037,Aint tranquilizers the same as benzos dude
175873038,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
175873039,I dont need to be housed or anything I am mentally ill and Ill get some people to take care of me but I assure you that I am gonna have a good time on the way.
175873040,I know...I totally want th leaves to change because they are changing in real life ?
175873041,So anxious. I wish I had a PRN. Will definitely be avoiding caffeine today. I leave in three hours.
175873042,"Hi. I'm new here. I don't know where to start, but I know that I'm struggling. I was diagnosed with social anxiety, depression and OCD. I'm currently on antidepressants, but I think that I may be becoming immune to them. I’m in therapy as well, but I’m embarrassed to say any of this to her because I automatically pretend to be cool in front of others. I do it without thinking and then regret it when my session is over. I have always worried about everything. I have always been nervous. When other 6 year olds were playing and genuinely carefree, I worried about the world ending, bills being paid, my parents feeling happy and fulfilled, and the inevitable death of loved ones. I come from a safe and loving two (biological) parent household. I have two brothers. A million aunties and uncles and cousins. I grew up in a safe and protected environment. I mention all of that because I really don’t know why I have always felt so sad. The older I get, the worse it is. I don’t think anyone understands 
how miserable it is because I’m really good at looking like everything is normal. I can crack jokes and smile and seem at ease, but on the inside I’m really struggling. The new thing that’s pushing me over the edge is a constant fear that I’m dying. Before, I was afraid that my loved ones were going to die and that kept me up at night crying and worrying. Now, my anxiety is focused on me. I think the thing that pushed me over the edge was my struggle with infertility. I have always been really healthy and so when I struggled to get pregnant, I became afraid. Then I was diagnosed with really bad endometriosis. It was so bad I had to have two surgeries. I know it seems ridiculous, but apparently I have had endometriosis since I was very young. The fact that it went years without being diagnosed terrifies me. How has something so destructive been happening inside of my body for so long without me or anyone else knowing about it? I keep wondering…what else? What else is happening inside of my body right 
now? Is it killing me? Will I have to have more surgeries? Am I going to be able to have a healthy pregnancy or will that kill me? Will my family be okay if it does? Now, every time I notice a new bump or an unfamiliar mark on my body, or an ache or anything of the sort, I have a panic attack. What if this is cancer? No one will know until it’s too late. Just like with my endo diagnosis. And then I go through the process of grieving knowing that if anything happens to me it will make my Mommy and Daddy and Brothers feel sad like I feel every day and I never want to be the reason that they feel any type of hurt or anything. They’re so good to me, I just don’t want them to feel like I feel. It’s non-stop. I hate living like this. I always have to have the tv on or music on because as soon as it’s too quiet and I let myself think, all of this comes up and I have another panic attack. I don’t know what to do. I’m afraid and hopeless and I just want to be like a regular person who can love others wit
hout being afraid that they’ll die one day. Help. Please. I’m so tired."
175873043,_AT_MENTION_ wow! You inspire me! Well if you can work on all those meds then I should be able to do it on one injection. Thank you for your reply!
175873044,"Can you post the instructions? Because I just sent one message, so I guess that’s a no. So Do I have to start all over again? 2 messages 2 weeks apart?"
175873045,Lol people say I’ll be a good mom. I guess.. I fear of ruining it. Sometimes things are a grey area for me. Like am I abusing the.m doing this or that.i wouldn’t let my kid get the same treatment I had as a kid and teen.
175873046,Butterfly + random number. Very anonymous And a darkish image like you to be unnoticed.
174323057,Me too! Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175873047,"I know this isn’t going to be popular, but sugar. Sugar improves my mood. I also don’t think it’s unhealthy. I think it’s just unhealthy when you eat too much in general or not varied enough. It has a bad reputation because blaming one ingredient feels better than admitting the problem is more complex and more a lifestyle thing."
175873048,"I know, i dont need that ????"
175873049,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873050,Definitely because you are agressive to your psychiatrist that you have no symptoms.
175873051,"I miss that stamina I had. Now all I have from her is her instagram and Facebook. She’s not really my cousin, she’s in my grandmother’s family, 2-3 years older than me. She came with her parents eating at our house nearly everyday. She was a pharmacist in Venezuela and asked me about working in a pharmacy here. I still had my Dr and pharmacist friends back then so I asked them. Psychosis is horrible it made paranoid and I insulted both friends bcz they told me to not quit my meds and that I am delusional and sick. They blocked me from Facebook."
175873052,My association? “ U P iece of S h!t” Welcome to my brain.
174323061,I’m on Abilify Maintena 400mg. I had akathisia at the begining.
175873053,That sounds about right
175873054,"Kmart. It’s cheap and lasts long enough. For boots. I like expensive ones. Doctor _PERSON_ boots are the best. Get some lace up, steel toed boots and they are the bomb. Your just messing with rubbish with brands. I’ve found little difference between high end or low end. You might get a little more wear time but most brands get made in China or India anyways. May as well just go to the cheap option!"
175873055,I used to pray to the unknown till i got replies in form of voices.
175873056,It happens to me sometimes too
175873057,"I take it once in a while. It works. Sometimes, I think it gives me anxiety. I usually don’t have much anymore. Like you said, it’s an adaptogen."
175873058,psychosis followed…words can’t do it justice…
175873059,"to disclose my autism diagnosis to people I’m having trouble communicating with throughout my day. Kind of like, bear with me, please: I’m not trying to be obtuse or rude. I’m just trying to understand what’s going on! But then I was thinking that’s probably socially inappropriate and would most likely further strain interactions."
175873060,I work at a college. Academia is a good pace (and place) for me.
175873061,"when ‘picker’ first got going, I thought it was guitars. ha. I like both meanings, by the way."
175873062,I guess instead I should say that I want to try to find a way to make money on my own
175873063,"I don’t think it’s right to make fun of him. He’s apparently thriving in spite of missing half his head. I say, good for him."
175873064,"I woke up at 5, but I slept 7 hrs"
175873065,I wish i could help with good advice but I’m not an addict myself. Stay strong _AT_MENTION_
175873066,"No im in income-based benefits, not contribution based. I havent worked since i was 19 (im 44 now) - my National Insurance stamp is paid for me. Ive been placed in what they call “support group” - so they dont chase me for work. _PERSON_ im scared that before long they will put me on Universal Credit - and theres plenty of horror stories of people losing money by being put on it. Its a bit of a scandal in the UK at the moment."
175873067,"Lucky you, my voices develop in a fearful way commanding me to believe in delusions…"
175873068,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ there’s so many songs to be sung, so much philosophizing to be done, so much catching up to do. Where are you _AT_MENTION_ ?"
175873069,I stopped exercising since 3 weeks. I immediately noticed that I have felt a worse health
175873070,wish i wasnt like this… autism needs a cure
175873071,That doesn’t seem accurate. Anyway best of luck with your decision.
175873072,"Well, I was able to get an 8 pack of irish spring soap, and two bottles of hand soap. No luck on TP"
175873073,"Im taking a dopamine supplement, at first I was getting slight benefits but then took too much and ended up becoming psychotic. Are you getting any benefits now from the stimulant vs before taking it?"
175873074,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174323059,I've had a nice weekend. I felt good both days. And I feel hopeful about this coming week.
175873075,Beating myself when someone hurt my feelings. I’ve finally put it into words.
175873076,"Oh you got it, yay!"
175873077,"It sounds like my prolactin. I have been telling them for over a year about it, and it took a call with the chief pharmacist to actually get them to listen. Remember, you have to deal with any side effects, and you should not have to take advice if you disagree with it. I assume your treatment is by consent? If so, you have the right to an opinion just as much as your pdoc."
174323062,"“_NAME_ introduced the term schizoaffective psychosis to capture the co-occurrence of both schizophrenia and affective symptoms [ 13 ]. He associated the diagnosis with better premorbid functioning, less severe symptomatology, overall shorter duration of illness and improved recovery as compared to patients with schizophrenia.” Well I’m convinced. I guess I should be happy I have schizoaffective. My symptoms did improve a lot a few years after the hallucinations started and I was very functional before diagnosis. Still kinda baffles me though."
175873078,It's hard to advocate for myself when I feel this way.
175873079,I heard on the radio that CBd interacts with antipsychotics
175873080,"Work is supposed to give you motivation and discipline. I wish I can work, I shower once a week."
175873081,I also had this problem when I was on Risperdal. I told my doctor that a 25 years old guy should not be impotent - so I had a medication change to Zypadheral and since then - I got me sexuality back. It’s totally normal that men need to get erections.
174323065,"basically, four years ago I was daydreaming and I thought if I don’t follow my dreams then that would be the worst world ever, and then all of the things I said making the world horrible eventually I realized had come true four years later. so if its the worst world ever, we would have the worst president ever, etc, I can write more if you want about what I predicted. that is something I believe and know to be true but one thing I came up with was who was going to be my husband so that after all those years of bad things I would get something good. I described the person with detail and that person actually exists, I have talked to them before. but. they don’t want to be with me. now im believing we are telepathic. but we aren’t… right?! im on medication now because of it and going to therapy. but its hard to get over it when I know everything else I said was right! but being now diagnosed with a schizophrenic psychosis. sometimes it makes me wonder if I even predicted anything in the first 
place. if I did, im sorry everyone! and I can fix it by getting to 125 pounds and saving up $1000. once I do that we will for sure be in what I call the ‘good years’ and I have only about ten pounds to lose. although technically the good years started right when the bad years ended, but the first good thing was supposed to be me being with that guy. that’s not happening. don’t know why im typing this but I want to be more active here and share with you guys and see what you guys have to say. anything else you want to know or any questions let me know! sorry if it was confusing or vague. wanted to be quick."
175873082,"Get some apple cider vinegar. Mix a tablespoon with 1\4 cup water, sweeten to taste. This helps kill any bug in the stomach. It stopped food poisoning in it’s tracks for me. Literally worked in first drink. Hope you feel better."
175873083,lol yea =D … did you get the personality test already you said you were gonna get?
175873084,"have you been diagnosed with a condition then? its not the end of the world, there is loads of help you can get i am sure."
175873085,I forgot to take my seizure meds. I'm on invega sustena the shot.
175873086,I hope your partner gets well soon and that you take care of yourself while she’s gone.
175873087,That sucks so much. Life isn't fair. It just isn't. Maybe one day we'll know why.
174323076,"I was always overweight for my height, even coming near obesity. Then I changed. It was after a high school football season, I weighed about 220 then, and I made a goal to myself to lose weight. I started going to the gym, eating below 1000 calories a day, and constantly looking at the scale. Fast forward 9 months and I’m 135, barely alive. Part of my issue was that I had OCD since I was very young, and I think that set me up for anorexia. I was even put on an antidepressant, which didn’t help at all, but gave me some hope. This all was happening when my schizophrenia started, I believe that it triggered it. Anyway, as I was getting treated for my schizophrenia, they put me on abilify, which helped, but made me gain over a hundred pounds inside a year. Since then I’ve gained even more weight, so much so that I’m now 270. This is a unhealthy weight just like 135 was. My goal now is to go to about 185 and stay there. It should be noted that I weight lifted also, so it’s not all fat."
174323070,"I just bought a neurofeedback machine, this model: https://www.amazon.com/Muse-Brain-Sensing-Headband-Black/dp/B00LOQR37C/ref=sr_1_3?dchild=1&keywords=muse&qid=1578872162&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER&sr=8-3&th=1 That has a 4 / 5 rating. There are lots of games that it can be used with to train yourself to be more naturally calm, and people like _AT_MENTION_ (here) and _AT_MENTION_ (here) have reported stellar success with similar devices (though they paid huge amounts for medical grade ones.) The linked device supposedly has 96% similarity to the super expensive ones. I’ll get it in 15-30 days and will report on my progress. I’d like to hear your success stories if you’ve used neurofeedback!"
175873088,Got my refill. Took it just now. My pulse sitting was 122. But my bp was good .
174323068,i know min-101 but negative symptoms is unmed need should be more investigational drugs for negative and cognitive symptoms. is there a list for pipeline drugs?
175873089,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873090,I visited it off myne last night. Did not have any problems. Maybe try a different browser?
175873091,"Aargh. Anxiety still not under control. I'm rocking, trying to do self soothing stuff and it's like the anxiety is just sky rocketing. Breathing. Breathing. Yoga. Breathing. Meditating. Still anxiety reigns. Not sure what else to do. Sigh."
175873092,Sorry you are hurting!
175873093,I'm here. Sort of. I'm still exhausted.
175873094,Making pork chops tonight
175873095,I feel guilty for eating dinner
175873096,"The dollar store in Canada, sells stuffed vine leaves 4 pieces - 60 calories"
175873097,I called 911 many times telling them that jews were trying to kill me because I am Jesus. I also emailed the FBI many times. They said they can arrest me for harrassing them and passed the phone to a medic.
174323069,That seems to be their most popular topic. Debating eugenics.
175873098,Why are you saying you were banned? The last time you were suspended was in 2020.
174323072,"The world-leading team of academic researchers will use their newly designed technical approach to assess which proteins are selectively produced by the kalirin gene in the human brain, and how this differs from other human tissues. Once this is understood it may be possible to identify the proteins that represent the most promising drug targets for the potential treatment of schizophrenia, how they affect the function of cells, and begin to develop drugs to alter their function. Sounds like far future stuff, but I’m not complaining."
175873099,"I dont feel that sick. _PERSON_’s school might close. If it does, I probably won’t bother being tested. We will just stay home for two weeks like we are supposed to. I was only getting tested so I could know whether to send him to school. He isnt sick so far."
175873100,Good luck _AT_MENTION_.
174323081,I take haldol and clozapine. They help. Most of the days I am sane. But not every day
175873101,Sounds cool think I might have to come. I have class in the evening tho. What time is it?
174323074,"I did not know this… The pdoc put me on 5mg of Abilify a month ago, but my blood test showed that the prolactin actually got higher in that time."
175873102,_PERSON_ heard others compliment me with that too ty some resemblances but distinct too… ty… its a nice compliment… i respect there are better singers out there but i have fun & i appreciate the support
175873103,I started a new job yesterday at shoprite. I was so nervous that I was shaking. Today I took a Klonopin before I have to go in. I really want to do this job. I keep feeling like I’m going to f up. My mom says I don’t have enough confidence in myself. Can anybody relate?
175873104,"i like the way your private doc thinks.good luck,i dont like enjection personally."
175873105,"I am stopped smoking for like 5 years. I allowed myself to get help, otherwise no go. It is pretty cool to not fear I left a cigarette burning somewhere."
175873106,"Deceptive and weird are completely 2 different things. If you’re deceptive, then you really need to work on that"
175873107,"Hey Haven’t been on here much. Dealing with a lot of hallucinations. Hearing so much, like police sirens, helicopters, sounds that sound like the radio is on, and just random voice, and music. I’m not scared too much yet or bothered by it. Not much depression, if any. Some anxiety. They are kind of just there. In the background. Lots of stress tho recently. Arguments with my mom and financial issues. And other stress."
174323079,If you need help in the future just remember you have schizophrenia and try not to believe the psychotic thoughts that flood your brain. Hopefully you do well off meds but you have to keep reminding yourself you have an illness. As soon as you start getting delusional remember to talk to your doctor or a friend or family. Because you will just forget you have schizophrenia and start believing psychotic thoughts and motives.
175873108,Good luck and keep us informed. I hope its something fixable and not the meds. We have a member here named _AT_MENTION_ who got pregnant on a particular antipsychotic.
175873109,Is it possible that it wasnt him? You were driving while this happen right?
175873110,I float away into the world too much it scares me
175873111,You can also not emotionally enjoy something that brings you physical pleasure. It can create a split…and a lot of confusion…when something feels good but also horrifies you and you want it to stop yet you crave it at the same time…abuse is a really terrible thing. I hated myself for a long time for craving it. I hope you have been able to heal.
175873112,I lose track of time ever since _PERSON_ had to work from home. Now I don’t know what day it is.
175873113,"Photography, cooking, making fancy coffees, nature walks, playing keyboard and keytar, and amateur broadcasting (Net only)."
175873114,Does 3 mg take away all your symptoms?
175873115,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175873116,"Hello, I’m looking for an addition to escitalopram. What do you use or recommend?"
175873117,I’ve been buying big bars of Hersheys when we go grocery shopping lately. It sure hits the spot _AT_MENTION_.
175873118,"Yea garlic and flax seed lowers cholesterol, exercise is also very good to lower cholesterol. Avoid eggs, fried food, food with high saturated and trans fat."
175873119,"i started getting really stressed on the way back and i was lucky to get back to the car, if it had been any longer a walk i’d have been in trouble so thank god for that"
175873120,Not at all. In fact it is good you stayed. Because moving to another country can create stress. And lots of stress is bad for psychosis sometimes.
175873121,_AT_MENTION_ nice beat ! What program do you use? Fruity Loops?
174323082,"I like that the meeting is only an hour, once a week. The partial hospitalization thing I went to was like 4 hours a day, 5 days a week. It was brutal. The people there were cool, but it just wasn’t for me. I need something like Schizophrenia Anonymous, where I can actually relate closely to what the other people are going through. I’m gonna talk to my parents about it."
175873122,Well I had to decide to stop the viscous cycle. So I faked being normal. I would hide and deny everything until it became second nature until stress would cause a relapse. Then start again at the bottom. Deny everything repeat. This is the way.
175873123,I’m getting 19 pulled today
174323086,"I’m so sorry the Zyprexa didn’t work out for you like it does for me. Is Clozapine next on the list still, or do you think you want to try something else? 14.5 pounds in 2 1/2 weeks is significant. When I gained weight on Abilify, it came off on its own after I stopped the Abilify. I hope it’s the same for you coming off Zyprexa."
175873124,"newyork.cbslocal.com – 23 Oct 19 Stop The _USER_ID_: Student Groups, Professionals Pushing To Raise Awareness On... Mental illness affects millions of people in the United States, but it's a topic that can be challenging to discuss."
175873125,Use the complaint function on their Website. Give the date and time. They’ll follow-up.
175873126,My 10 mg of Haldol gives me energy but it’s anxious energy. I hope you get relief from the flat affect soon
174323087,"I view my schizoaffective disorder and disabled status as a note from the doctor that says “this person doesn’t have to succeed in life in order to be a good person.” I don’t really hate myself, I feel like I’m kinda off the hook. Doesn’t keep me from pursuing recovery and what success I am capable of… but it takes the pressure off."
175873127,I feel really good too. I’ve been getting really good sleep since I’ve been living in my new apartment. I’m back to doing my yoga and eating nutritiously again. It’s all good .
175873128,"I havent worked with service, u gotta be happy all The time and it can be hard. It gotta be some where where you feel comfortable. I feel The coworkers often are stressed and not always Nice."
175873129,"I had a delusion that I WAS God and Satan… the nurse at the Mental hospital asked me if I am aware who the current president was, and I said I was."
175873130,I don’t know why. It’s what I wake up thinking in the morning.
175873131,I heard they r not supposed to tell u you r delusional. That it would just make the person combative.
175873132,I wouldn’t have made it past 13 if it wasn’t for music.
174323083,"I think I was born different. I began showing signs of mental illness by age 5. I started hearing things when I was 14, and I assumed everyone heard them but just didn’t talk about it because it was impolite/embarrassing. I asked my older brother once, and he assured me he could hear things, too. He is also schizophrenic. I didn’t realize I needed help until I was 25, when I was telling my friend I was fairly sure I was a parasitic demon who survived by draining the life out of those around me. She told me what schizophrenia is, and helped me get to the hospital."
175873133,It has helped me a ton. I haven’t found anything else as effective. But at first when I started it I had issues with thinking it affected my mood etc. those went away. The worst side effects I’ve heard are restlessness. I’m on 10mgs now so less than before. I hope it helps you and brings you some relief from symptoms. I don’t have paranoia or hallucinations on it at this dose as much.
175873134,"Because I don’t think you have shown signs of being emotionally unstable. I would talk to your pdoc about it if you want though, he would be the best person to have an opinion on it."
175873135,I shake a little when I’m feeding myself and I do a lot of involuntary silverware clinking. Hope you can empathize.
175873136,My depression is gone since the zoloft was increased a week ago
175873137,What if everyone wants to do the same thing?
175873138,"Fluvoxamine will generally reduce someone’s inner dialogue, and can actually help with some types of psychoses. You may need to titrate up to 150mg to be effective for this. Fluvoxamine is unpleasant to take compared to the other SSRIs. I prefer taking Paroxetine instead."
175873139,They don’t 1515
175873140,"3 cat pictures, lol"
175873141,How long did you smoke for? image1920×2178 351 KB !
175873142,"I so agree with you Ish, it is good to see the humour in hindsight where there is humour."
175873143,Hope it all works out for you
175873144,every link in the chain needs two links to hold to
175873145,"a lot of jobs involve sexual acts to keep your job it isnt easy, i heard attiko is the best hospital"
175873146,_AT_MENTION_ Which dose are at you?
174323092,"""About one-third of people with schizophrenia who take their medication have improvements in insight into their condition. A therapist can also try an approach called motivational enhancement therapy (MET). This type of talk therapy is designed to help someone understand the benefits of changing their behavior."" WebMD What Is Anosognosia? Sometimes people with serious mental illness can’t admit there’s anything wrong with them. It sounds like stubbornness, but often it’s a serious condition called anosognosia."
175873147,Jesus that’s crazy sad. Four people murdered over what $700??? People are awful sometimes.
175873148,"A salad, cookie and an ice tea"
175873149,I used to have an endura t20. I quit vaping because of the nodules on my lungs. I miss it though.
175873150,yea if you are having a hard time you should take some time for yourself for sure. I think you did the right thing.
175873151,oh yea I guess I mean pseudoephederine
175873152,"I’m on 60mg of Latuda and it works perfectly, my psychosis is completely gone. No side effects at all. I’m also on 2.5mg of Olanzapine."
175873153,"Well, if you’ve only been liked by two people in your entire life than someone liking me is a big deal. Only a slight exaggeration."
175873154,And how did you reply?
175873155,"What did you pick out the items based on? Just a tip, roasted vegetables or any sort of like frittata are good ways to use up random veg.....stir fry is also nice, even with a bottled sauce."
175873156,"Got some pizza and cheesecake from the place down the road. Very proud of myself. Attached Images 46021DBF-C456-4CD5-A208-FCBB67D320E4.jpg (293.0 KB, 8 views)"
175873157,Never opened my welcome box yet
175873158,"To see people on youtube, mostly kids I assume, say things such as “haha that’s me,” warms my heart. Maybe they’re saying it for the wrong reasons, maybe it belittles what we collectively go through, but its a heck of a good start to hold better dialogue."
175873159,She doesnt think I’m psychotic for some reason even though I have auditory and visual hallucinations pretty much all day every day for over a year now and I get delusions sometimes. I was on quetiapine in march which my first psychiatrist prescribed me and it helped a bit but I didnt really believe there was anything wrong with me then so I stopped taking it. I wish I could change psychiatrist but I like in scotland and I’m under a child and adolescent mental health service so I cant change psychiatrist.
175873160,"So I was reading this article and it hits the nail right on the head. I am asexual. I have not want just in general for sex or sexual attraction to anyone. Sometimes but rarely do I ever really want it. There are a couple types of asexual. Grey asexual, demi asexual, and ace sexual. I haven’t figured out which specific one I am but o do know I am asexual with on rare occasions i might want the D lol."
175873161,Yet you’re in bed almost all day ?!!
175873162,Ukrainian Orthodox?
174323096,"I agree. And it doesn’t help that dictionaries continue to have alternate non-medical definitions for medical terms. This allows people to think it’s OK to use medical terms this way. For example, the Merriam-_NAME_ dictionary has this alternate non-medical definition of schizophrenia (high-lighted in pink below): Screenshot_2020-04-15-21-47-44_kindlephoto-14890836800×665 110 KB merriam-_NAME_.com Definition of SCHIZOPHRENIA a mental illness that is characterized by disturbances in thought (such as delusions), perception (such as hallucinations), and behavior (such as disorganized speech or catatonic behavior), by a loss of emotional responsiveness and extreme apathy,..."
175873163,"I've been severely depressed the past couple days which is why I haven't been posting. I have barely gotten out of bed, sleeping like 17 hours a day and having Possible trigger: suicidal thoughts"
174323101,"I always was very obsessive and tried to learn things to always grow as a person. I was lost in life and was searching for a purpose. That’s when my first psychosis hit me. Oh, and I was stressed from school and used weed. But I don’t think I have schizophrenia because I don’t meet all the criteria. I have no negative symptoms. I have looked at all the diagnosis of psychosis and I can’t find one that matches me. Sometimes I think I have had some paranormal experiences idk im lost!"
175873164,"If people could hear each other’s thoughts, it would be mayhem on this planet. Luckily we’re safe in our tiny skulls."
175873165,isolation dating back to my childhood low self esteem chronic depression enormous stress trying to work and provide for myself geneitc pre destiny beings in other demensions
175873166,"The attacker assaulted a asian granny and granny attack back with a wooden stick, i said he a b@tch for attacking a elderly women, he got what he deserve, i wish he got beat up more. it got deleted. is there something wrong with my comment, is it illegal."
174323089,It’s bad when I wake up in the morning but gets a little better as the day progresses. My clinician says to pay attention to what I am thinking when I fall asleep at night because it might affect how I wake up. I am trying this.
175873167,My nice voices are female but the mean one is male.
175873168,Is it Because of The Spaceship You Think (???).
175873169,Wow! Very interesting story. So you are not medicate for five years now? What symptoms do you have before?
175873170,"If the sugars fine they usually find nothing, the big risk with second generation antipsychotics is diabetes"
175873171,So into the last part of my coming down a bit on effexor. It works great for my depression and it’s the only thing I’ve found to do the deed but it gives me bad ibs side effects I put up with for too long. Anyways…this week I’ve just started 150 mgs. I came down from 300 to 225 for 6 weeks and now I’m at the bottom level of 150. All going well. Saying that. I think this is the bottom I’m willing to commit too. My depression is bad and I don’t want to spill the apple cart. I’ve already come unstuck moving off it years ago and where 50 mgs did the job I ended up having to go up to 300 for relief. As always talk to your shrink. The rule of thumb for me is symptom control over side effects and looking for best efficiency really is worth it some times. Peace out.
175873172,Delta 8 is not CBD. It is a weaker form of THC.
175873173,"You need to assemble a team. Someone who is good with computers, someone who is good with ecplosives, some charming man or woman to distract guards and someone who cracks jokes for comic relief throughout the operation."
175873174,That’s a toughie a real toughie but it’s true.
175873175,"Before CV, I did 2 hours exercise a day, up to 20,000 steps a day, 1H meditation 1H yoga, music, pills, supplements, positive thinking, nothing is working."
174323100,"Terms of research credibility ; At least,the live sample should be examined Before the first medical intervention OR during the period of final cessation of taken any medications, And to make sure that the protein is present (releases )in the waking time and is completely hidden during the sleep time (because,the person with sz,does not feel the sz or its activity behaviors during sleep,dream and lose of self-consciousness ,and this facts should match with the research results) This means that,the sz’s events are active only during the waking time periods while the person (sample) is Alive,and all types of changes *whatever they are) occur only during the waking time as a result of sz’s activity ,and everything disappear completely during the sleep time , During the sleep time, the chemical balance prevails like any person without sz ! Give me your mind to understand these cunning tricks which underestimates /ignores with plausibility culture,it is impossible to diagnose the schizophrenia while 
the person is alive,it cannot be diagnosed in a live test animal, So that,if it is reasonable to believe that there is a diagnosis of sz before it occurs or after death ! It is understood that,the sz does not cause realistic genetic disease (there is no genetic targets that can be corrected with medication to achieve final recovery) While long-term treatment with med, causes a realistic disease that cannot be treated So that,why not the new protein related the effect of medication !"
175873176,"Good job dude. I’m not a fan of quick cut and fasting diets, better on the body to do it slower."
175873177,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873178,":Trigger warning: _NAME_ works with the angels, every contestant is a soul in purgatory, and the winners get to go to various levels of paradise. So out of left field I find it funny"
175873179,I can’t meet my doc until 3 weeks or smth Also I already skipped the dose today
175873180,"I dont know really…I dont want to be online and Im logging of . I got a few new offers for an apartment. I wrote a few blogs about what I believe. I think the matrix is okay, but some people get it wrong that the machines have feelings or intuition?? Me and my brother who lived in America actually read a book similar to this by _NAME_. What I mean… is that the movie matrix honestly is about the paranormal and sci fi stuff, not really philosophical. I enjoy the movie but for me its more about an actual scientific expalnation for where we are now being 5 billion people. Like I believe thats too many. Thats more like 15-20 million, but still a lot! Have you watched _PERSON_ the movie?"
175873181,Thanks for the replies guys. Paranoia needs to ???? off.
175873182,"Hugs, _PERSON_. Love."
174323094,Abilify has been amazing for me in some ways so far. Doesn’t mean it’s the case for everyone though cos everyone’s body is a bit different.
174323103,Have you tried Abilify _AT_MENTION_ ? That’s always a pretty safe choice. Doctors like prescribing it because of its positive safety record.
175873183,I am an overthinker and I tend to find it hard to look at the whole picture…
175873184,BBC News UK flights to virus-hit Spain turn around mid-air Holidaymakers due to return await news on planes and at airports as the country prepares for lockdown.
175873185,"Congrats _AT_MENTION_. I’m sure you’ll do great. How does it feel to be powerful, lol?."
175873186,how did vraylar work out?
175873187,"I feel like I have a blank mind, a negative symptom, but I also feel like I have depression. Do I?Schizophrenics don’t bother to keep up with their hygiene but what’s the difference between not showering bc you’re depressed and not showering bc you have schizophrenia?"
175873189,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ its very nice of you!
175873190,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873191,Thanks. Tomorrow is my second day
175873192,"I liked Vraylar better for my mental health, but on Caplyta I had a lot of energy (but did nothing even less than on Vraylar) and I ate like half as much. It really depends on the person. Vraylar is the best med for me and I am biased towards it. It has kept me out of the hospital pretty much."
175873193,"Masturbate mentally … Like, read a book or something?"
175873194,"_AT_MENTION_ Thanks, I hope you feel better as well. Just this year hasn't been my year really."
175873195,"I use this forum on my cellphone, listening to music and watching videos on it."
175873196,its better to draw from . pencil drawing ?
175873197,"In a world where we already have so much stress and worry--along comes covid pushing those of us with anxiety issues over the top. I can remember past epidemics like SARS, Swine Flu and others yet covid is the one which most worried me. I just cant cope with so much stress like I could when younger. Fortunately I was not alive for the Spanish flu back in 1918. In the US we had 500,000 deaths and worldwide about 50 million died. What a nightmare that was. Thankfully we are better able to deal with pandemics now. With the new vaccines I hope we are able to end this horrible disease soon. I just want to live the rest of the years of my life in peace. My prayers are with you all."
175873198,"I had this off meds, they also accused of rape and murder. Voices said that I killed my psychiatrist with my mind while in fact he died in his appartment from natural causes as he was old and sick."
175873199,I have a will. Not sure why. I own nothing worth anything. It mattered more when the kids were younger.
175873200,"My hope for you, my friend in the digital age, is that you have a good dad or can find one. He is not spelled out with the letters that make up DNA _PERSON_. Your not blind or deaf or ignorant. You know better than I do, what it feels like to fight at edge of empire."
175873201,"I was on Zyprexa before and at 7.5mg I was unstable. Don’t know if I want to retry it, maybe Haldol."
175873202,Because dying sucks
175873203,Sounds like delusional thinking with paranoia
175873204,"BBC News Do people choose pain over boredom? Some people are unhappy in their own company and prefer painful experiences to their own thoughts, claims a contentious new study."
175873205,Thank you pianogal and Twialine !
175873206,"I suppose this tune is about finally finding true love, but I feel it also plays on another level… It invokes the longing to connect with a Higher Power. Can someone give some feedback on this song? I would appreciate any thoughts as I am still quite insecure in my songwriting abilities."
175873207,That's awesome! ?
175873208,i feel great i feel healthier ever since i started walking again its so easy to do and i like to listen to music while walking makes the time go by really fast. i know 2-3 hour seem like alot but im really worried about ap side effects that i dont want to get heart disease or other illnesses.
174323111,"your best bet is to isolate yourself for a bit, and confront the voices in your head verbally, try to question and interrogate them. may make things worse, but one time the voices in my head went away for 2 years after I did that"
175873209,"Hell is a state of mind, not a place."
175873210,Possible trigger: I keep feeling suicidal. I think I need more intensive support
175873211,Stay on your meds. Don’t be stupid.
175873212,i notice there is no way to order product on there site anymore? if so is there any where else that people are buying it? _AT_MENTION_ are you still getting it?
175873213,"I'm tired today and hungry. It's almost lunchtime. My dad made me potatoes and eggs for breakfast but IDK, I'm just hungry today. Probably the stupid AP. Last night I was so hungry too. Like I hadn't eaten all day, even though I had, though small portions."
174323114,How long before it improved your negative symptoms? I took it for slightly over a month but it did nothing.
175873214,kinda manic tonight
175873215,"Do you know why it’s happening? Like are you having negative thoughts? I thought you got a pill crusher? I used to have bad driving anxiety in th city, turns out it was just the city and I’m fine in the burbs."
174323102,"There’s no probem with it, just people want to try different meds. I’m thinking of stopping my injection to see if i can live with just Abilify."
175873216,"Hey everyone! I struggled with anorexia about 4 years ago and went through a partial hospitalization program where I was required to be for about 8 hours each day and everything was monitored. I never ever want to get back to that place and love being out enjoying life. There are days that I feel my perfectionist tendencies get in my way and I can't get out of my own way of structure with food. In treatment they had us count calories and still today that is what brings me comfort. When there are foods without clear calories posted, I feel very uncomfortable trying them because in my mind that extra amount will make me fat or gain excessive weight. I still workout, some say too much, but it is so much less than it used to be. Does anyone else fear relapsing? I know I have too much going for me to allow myself to fall like I did before but I also think my need for structure is unhealthy. Any pointers or anyone else experienced this?"
175873217,Maybe go to church and tell them about my problem and get some help
175873218,"For a good while I felt really uncomfortable about people noticing my weightloss. I felt most of the losing was due to a flareup of my eating disorder. But I also stopped the daily intake of soda and snacks, moved around more, and switched meds, so it can’t all be due to the _NAME_. I do think I look better now. I have high cheekbones, and they’re more visible now my face aint as fat. I also no longer feel my neck is too thick."
175873219,I did I was only up a couple hours....thanks.
175873220,"Awesome news, loial! Have fun!"
175873221,I don’t think it was a sign. The wind blew it into your yard
175873222,"Level, I am going out now every day for 15 minutes since an year… I am also more active at home… really… I try to socialize more… but I still have my symptoms per moments, my paranoia etc… I really went a bit more active… but I remain symptomatic and I still have my moments of despair… But my friend, who is almost a bf now for me, wants to see me completely free… He makes me think of my sins too tbh, which I guess is still pathological… I deal with conversion disorder, Idk when this will fade away, but i feel a bit pressured now… dont we need calm too in a way? My brain always worked before tbh, way too much even… Thanks for writing though, maybe i get paranoid around people now and am still scared about smth… I also think, that I am dumb cause I have still a wrong idea about what is to be well… my friend say, that I hate the health… but maybe I just went numb because of the meds and the inactivity? I guess my recovery wont pop in in a second no? All my ill friends seem 
to be better though, they are really helped by the meds, me no…"
175873223,Welcome to a little place we all call lively and fun _AT_MENTION_ … It is also a pleasure to meet you.
175873224,"My friend once said sex complicates relationships,which I think it’s true. Last year I met my wife,she brought me to the Philippines and the first night at her house,I didn’t control and had sex with her.I didn’t cheat on her because a year later I married her…now we started getting angry at each other. I didn’t like myself much when I am alone and I committed into a relationship so fast that I am not happy with myself in the first place"
175873225,i have told my psychiatrist iam on this forum he didnt told me to stop he just told me to stay unless i get unhappy etc
175873226,"I think you should talk to your pych doc. Be your own advocate, I wouldn’t worry about the doc getting upset."
175873227,I hope my heat intolerance doesn't get worse with the med increase. I know it's winter and cold out but I still get overheated easily in coats and stuff
175873228,"I get up every day at 09:07. I don’t go to work anymore but I still go to bed every night between 22:00 and 23:00, I take my evening meds at 20:30 and then i get sleepy soon so it’s not hard to go to bed. I hope you manage to get adjusted to new sleeping times, prob gonna be hard at first."
175873229,"I used to take it. The only melatonin that worked for me was Solgar 10mg melatonin. I tried different strengths and brands, but none of the others worked"
175873230,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_! I smoke a lot more but its for the best, Im off the wellbutrin"
174323116,"~(Scanner Day 15 (Part 3)~ So. Does it Require Energy to Think?. ‘And no part of you demands more energy than your brain. … While the brain represents just 2% of a person’s total body weight, it accounts for 20% of the body’s energy use , _PERSON_’s research has found. That means during a typical day, a person uses about 320 calories just to think’ . (From Google) Does Listening to Music Give You Energy?. ‘Music has a profound ability to alter the way we feel, boost energy levels, calm us down, and unite us with others. The ways music affects us physically, mentally, and emotionally are all still being explored.’ (From Google) What is Potential And Kinetic Energy?. ‘All forms of energy are either potential or kinetic energy . Potential refers to stored energy while kinetic is energy in motion.’ (From Google) Radiohead~ ‘2 + 2 = 5’. (The Lukewarm). (Song/Hail to The Thief) Released in 2003. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ Dream (sleepoptimistic)"
175873231,"Hello _AT_MENTION_ ! How is your nursing studies going? I hope you’re enjoying it. On another note, i know what you mean about the monotony of life. Sometimes it just feels as though you’re doing the same thing over and over. It used to set me in a pretty dull mood. So to the best of my ability i don’t subscribe to doing the same things all the time. It’ll be better once you get a job in nursing. Because anything and everything can happen, keeps things fresh. Hope you feel better soon."
175873232,I will try. You have to program yourself to be successful
174323115,"I have been diagnosed originally with schizoid PD, later schizotypal and later with schizophrenia. With schizoid diagnosis got tiny temp meds that did not help. With schizotypal diagnosis got more meds that still left me unstable. With schizophrenia diagnosis got enough meds to help me. If the doctor under diagnoses a person, they will not treat them effectively."
175873233,Lovely Sorry it took that long guys.
175873234,"Nope… Mindfulness and buddhist philosophy helped far better my anxiety than CBT, but not that good for my negatives."
175873235,"Thanks! It’s possible I’ll never get to it though because bf is getting a cheesecake from work for turkey day so I don’t want cake and that. This week would’ve been perfect except for the snow. Not sure what I’m going to do now... But I did pick out this gingerbread for the polar bear, the icing is white anyway. Gingerbread Cookies {Delightful & Delicious} | SimplyRecipes.com We may have to settle for the cookies because they are still fun but smaller and freezable, maybe I’ll just put some coconut on the polar bear icing?"
175873236,"I don't have to pay for anything for the first 15 sessions because its covered for free under my free program through texas towards getting a stable job! They might approve for 30 sessions too! But that's it. I will ask her if she takes Medicare, to continue, later on when I get more and more comfortable. I hope she takes medicare..."
175873237,"I also had covid and did not experience an increase in psych symptoms. Well, an increase in anxiety, but that was pretty directly related to having covid."
175873238,Blueboy - Popkiss - YouTube
175873239,"What kind of plan is running to Sri Lanka with a loaned £5000? Sounds impulsive and thoughtless. Not even a person with salable skills would do that on credit, he’d have some amount saved up, and a place to stay lined up. I imagine you’re trying to “escape surveillance” or whatever you’re imagining. It’s going to be no different wherever you go, because it’s all in your head. If you go to Sri Lanka, you’ll have the added bonus of potential homelessness and being down £5000."
175873240,Can you guys help me with by telling me ways to deal with receiving mandated long acting injection able treatment for six years. Stories would help too
175873241,Glad to hear you are progressing. Would also love to see or hear one of your pieces. No pressure of course so only if you feel comfortable sharing. -S
174323117,"It’s still called schizophrenia. The new name is associated with more _USER_ID_ now. …_USER_ID_ follows everywhere, unfortunately. The new name is _NAME_ (???) which makes me cringe. I tremble every time I hear it. But I honestly don’t know what it stands for. I just hate that I have it and I hate myself for it."
175873242,That’s terrible that u feel that way… which country r u from?
175873243,Laundry day tomorrow
175873244,I believe that demons aren't real. Not in this reality.
175873245,"today I managed to do the washing up, sweep the floors, water the plants, do some grocery shopping and cook a healthy tuna & veg pasta. I also called the vet and got some medication for my cat, that’s a really stressful task that triggers my psychotic symptoms so I’m glad I managed to do it. I’ll give kitty his medicine tonight & hopefully he’ll feel better. It’s hard to be a good pet owner when I’m struggling with my own symptoms but I do my best. My vet was really nice, way nicer & more understanding than my psychologist, I wish I could see my vet for counselling."
174323120,"I was having some hallucinations after missing a dose and visiting crisis. I'm not sure, but I think I know what caused it after talking to my primary care physician. I feel okay now, but tired like I have the last two weeks. It feels like I stayed up all night whether I sleep all night and all day for three days or not. I stay up for maybe 4 or 5 hours a day tops, enough to write this, talk to my mom, talk to my boyfriend, talk to friends, and paint. sometimes I meditate. This is unusual for me, I'm sick right now, I usually stay up longer than this."
175873246,Everything is stressing
175873247,"I’m getting my first paycheque this Wednesday, super stoked I am almost finished working on another crochet project. I’ve been cooking a lot more instead of eating out."
175873248,Is that last one An Unquiet Mind? I always have that recommended to me
174323113,"Ya, most of those seem low like above said. Maybe look into clozapine or get a new doctor. I’m on 9 mg of Vraylar but I smoke a lot of cigs and drink a lot of energy drinks."
175873249,"LS! 1 Fast all day, just tea, coffee, forty dietary supplements 2 Walk to the GP for a blood test 3 For exercise twenty minutes on my Concept2 rower, thirty minutes Vinyasa yoga"
175873250,"Stopped meds a few times. Longest was 2 years. I was in Italy and thought that the mafia is trying to kill me. My parents called the cops as I wasn’t talking and behaving normal, I was talking nonsense and had illogical thoughts."
175873251,"We have a will, but we will need to rewrite it after Starlet is officially adopted. Once he is legally ours, we need to have a clause saying who will take care of him if we pass."
175873252,Maybe some _NAME_ grey or matcha tea?
175873253,"Think before you act. What does weed do for you? It messes up most schizophrenics minds who smoke it. You will also be spending money that could better be spent elsewhere. If you smoke it, afterward you will probably be beating yourself up for giving in to the urges. There’s a possibility that even if your intent is to smoke just one joint, it may trigger more urges to smoke more. It’s possible you could get sucked back into the drug lifestyle and go downhill fast. Just think it through, is it really worth the risks?"
175873254,_AT_MENTION_ is my role model and I really hope she comes back soon.
175873255,"I used to have a nosering until I started working at a nursery, where I quickly learned toddlers like to grab shiny things"
175873256,"Well at least you can make friends. I’ve always had trouble. I don’t think you’ll have trouble keeping real friends. I think now, it’s as hard to find the right friends as the right boyfriend. I’ve found it impossible."
175873257,I'm going to decrease my thorazine tonight so hopefully I don't keep sleeping so much. My dr. told me when she prescribed it if I needed to cut the dose down at any time I could
175873258,the nature part means cause or cause’s imo
175873259,"I don’t mind being alone. When my brain feels right I don’t really care, I’m just happy. Eventually I’ll feel some pull to look for a woman, but not until my life is more complete."
175873260,Are you taking it and has it helped with positive symptoms? How long did it take to notice the effects?
174323126,Well I hope it turns around for you and you start getting some relief soon. I got tardive dyskinesia from Abilify of all things so you never know what might cause it.
175873261,"Maybe, but what you told us numerous times is that your mother was out to get you, even poisoning your food. That’s not ocd anymore."
175873262,"I woke up at 3am really thirsty, but I can’t get up for water because my cat is sleeping on me."
175873263,Did a med not work before for you?
175873264,_AT_MENTION_ are you not on disability?
175873265,"I know _NAME_, but I think it is the price of the pristiq. Even with it being generic now, it is still pricy. I was going to try to buy the 50mg but can't afford it. But I do feel okay. I just have a crappy prescription plan. I should have a different one maybe at the end of the fiscal year. They change every two years. The one other medication I can try is trintellix. I think I spelled it right. But it is fairly new and may be expensive too. Plus it is stimulating. I tried wellbutrin which is stimulating and it made me really irritated. So the trintellix may do the same. Like I say though, I don't feel bad. I have felt better but I can accept feeling this way. Just have to hit the mental health tool box I have now and again. Walking, listening to music helps. Have a good day _NAME_... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175873266,I think you should ask about the experience from your pdoc.
175873267,My nurse practitioner told me that I can take melatonin for sleep. It’s worth a try.
175873268,Do you work on SSDI or other disability service? What kind of jobs or careers are the best for you?
175873269,"I think you’ll get better with time. Maybe youll still in the soul searching or questioning phase. I was like that. I was incapacitated for years until I had my MRIs and CAT scans. Since, 2015/2016, I’ve felt I was under psychotronic and psychic attack by aliens. I don’t think the government has the time to do it 24/7 unless it’s advanced AI or automated or from a more advanced civilization or has already been programmed into me from years of abusing me. I mean I still have past life memories, think I went to Mars for possibly some years, and other stuff. Personally, I think it is aliens. People say the government doesn’t have time, money, or resources, but I disagree. They are ignorant in this regard. People are ignorant when they say aliens dont exist or we haven’t been visited. We live in a simulation. Could be aliens or government running it. I don’t know. Maybe both? Maybe it’s the cabal or illuminati doing it to me. Maybe the illuminati runs or tries to run the simulation. Thi
nk of what happened to _NAME_. Sometimes, I think I’m a clone or a robot. I dont know. I was told in a past life that I was an alien myself. Maybe I was."
175873270,What do you mean? Sorry I’m dum
175873271,Milk can do it for me.
174323119,Why do you really want to try it?
175873272,It happened to me. I had pretty extreme negative symptoms and now they’re gone.
174323127,"I started keto diet and intermittent fasting again. And I think they turned out to be effective. I lost 3.2kg now.(I’m on Abilify.) I thoroughly inspected what I eat (only 50g carbs a day) and never touched any food after 3pm. I feel proud of myself everyday looking at the scale. The best thing I did was making keto snacks(keto chocolate, icecream, yogurt, without any sugars) so that it made me not to crave for more food in between meals."
175873273,Best of luck to you. I hope you find relief.
175873274,I’ve always been kind of a loner with like usually one close friend though but now I haven’t even got that it’s pretty rubbish
175873275,I’m glad you’re going to be with your kids. That’s great! And I’m glad your sister is ok with it. You’re so lucky your ex will let you back in for a while.
175873276,Why it’s like paranoia?
175873277,I'm sorry your anxiety has been so bad. Maybe you can get an earlier appointment if you call and see if they've had cancelations. I hope something will help.
175873278,Just took a 2 hours nap
174323129,"Back when I was more sick with schizophrenia, I thought demons were after me, so I definitely know what’s it like. I’m sorry you had to deal with it for so long. Hopefully I can get past mine soon. I’m only 17 right now, so it’s been bad for 5 years."
175873279,"just wonder, i dun have any sex, i do it via porn, now i am crazy as hell and heavily mentally retaxded , it sucks"
175873280,_PERSON_ lots of kids end up sniffing it. It does give u a similar to cocaine feeling !!
175873281,Kudos to you! I’ve been out of the psych hospital 12 years. I’ve had symptoms since then that didn’t need hospitalizing so I’m not over this yet.
175873282,I’m all about the exercise these days.
175873283,Invited my friend to dinner tomorrow but she's going out with her husband for belated father's day. So she said maybe next week.
175873284,The important thing is for you to get the help you need. You are brave for knowing when it is time to ask for more help.
175873285,Don’t talk to an invisible argument if you can control it at all. You’ll get voices. They’re goddamned annoying.
175873286,I’m from South Korea.
174323134,"_USER_ID_, I drink 4 cups of coffee in a day Have been taking clozapine for 5 months now. In the beginning I didn’t feel sedated for about a couple of months. However, over the past 2 months sedation has increased and brought my life to a pause. I am planning to ask my pdoc to switch amisulpride with aripriprazole (Abilify) in the morning. Would that help? Someone please help. Does melatonin help?"
175873287,What would a Sikh philosopher say?
175873288,always feels better once you get out there and get it done
175873289,_AT_MENTION_ . I just clicked on the “Send Password Reset Email” button in your Profile preferences. Did you receive an email?
175873290,My meds have gotten the demons to a point I haven't been at for years... Not seeing them at all and can hardly hear them. Can't make out what they are saying for my life. My mood had been better but I crashed a little bit over the weekend. Hoping it will go back up when I have structure again.
175873291,Can it like lexapro and zoloft ?
174323130,Negative symptoms are caused by SZ not meds. I stopped meds (Was Abilify) for a whole year and still had negative and cognitive symptoms in addition to positive symptoms during the whole year. I relapsed into psychosis after 1 year and was brought to mental hospital by 4 cops because they saw me as a dangerous individual.
175873292,Morning I can barely sleep. I really couldn't. I went to bed at 2am and woke up about 5am. I'm so excited for today. I go do paperwork at my new job and all the background check/drug testing. I'm not excited about that lol just that I'm eager to know more about what I'm supposed to be doing on the job. I have questions too. I dont go til 10am. Plus fiance is off the next 2 days!!!
175873293,I’ll wait to see if clozapine kicks in. Otherwise i will call him. Thank you
175873294,"As I understand it, “hispanic” is largely a US invention, designed to categorise a non-existent ethnic group. In any case is not a racial group, something the study implicitly (no pun intended) recognises when asking first the racial and then ethnic identity of the respondant. This is extraordinarly convoluted. I happen to have white and non-white hispanic friends and acquaintances, and I suspect they would be offended by the whole thing. Odd emphasis on surnames. _NAME_, for instance, is both white and of Spanish descent, only that he changed his Spanish sounding surname (_PERSON_) for a more anglo sounding one. Seemingly, depending on his choice of surname he would be perceived by some as being closer or further removed from the animal kingdom. Harvard is being very silly here."
175873295,"I also would warn against jumping right into full time work. You don’t want to set yourself up for failure. It’s better sometimes to play it safe and take small steps to get what you want. Test the working world and try a part-time job first and see how you feel; full-time jobs will always be out there, so test yourself at a part time job and see how it goes. I know a little of your story and I know you haven’t worked for awhile and to go from not working for a couple of years to working a 50 hour a week job is quite a leap."
174323136,thats incredible. I would honestly prefer a schizophrenic doctor than someone who has no experience of the illness. That would be a contribution.
175873296,Yup I feel it helps me sleep…
175873297,was the letter to help you remember or to get your nerve up?
175873298,Oh wow those are very loud birdies perfect alarm clock birds
175873299,Yeah sounds like she’s recovering. Wishing you guys well _AT_MENTION_.
175873300,"amotivation, anhedonia, auditory hallucinations, depression, anxiety, sza bipolar type"
175873301,My husband struggles a lot with insomnia. He’s found a lot of relief with CBD and listening to nighttime meditation apps. Also sleep stories. They’ve super helped him and now he’s almost on a regular sleep schedule.
175873302,I need to get milk this week. Usually my folks pick me up odds and ends but I don’t want them leaving the house. Will just get the bus.
175873303,"I’m a goal keeper and I’m useless with my hands, but quite good at the scorpion kick, not."
175873304,I didn't want to but I took one
174323139,"It’s a natural antioxidant found in foods, and is probably safe in reasonable doses. ncbi.nlm.nih.gov ?-Lipoic Acid as Adjunctive Treatment for Schizophrenia: An Open-Label Trial. _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ Almeida _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, ME _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Journal of clinical psychopharmacology, Dec 2017 Accumulating evidence suggests an involvement of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia. This offers a hypothesis-derived therapeutic approach to hinder oxidative damage and its clinical sequelae. ?-Lipoic acid (ALA) is a powerful natural antioxidant indicated to treat diabetic neuropathy.In this pilot investigation, we administered ALA (100 mg/d) for 4 months, as an adjunct to antipsychotic medication, to 10 patients with schizophrenia.We found robust improvement in measures of psychopathology (63.9% reduction in Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale scores), neurocognitive parameters, extrapyramidal s
ymptoms, and decreased lipid peroxidation.If larger, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies confirm these preliminary findings, ALA could prove useful as adjunctive therapy for schizophrenia. sciencedirect.com Alpha-lipoic acid alone and combined with clozapine reverses... Oxidative stress has important implications in schizophrenia. Alpha-lipoic acid (ALA) is a natural antioxidant synthesized in human tissues with clini… The studies in humans have been small, but there is another one ongoing that might have results this year or next. The dosage they are testing is 100 mg a day."
175873305,"I don’t know how many times we all have to say it, Stop watching TV! Its clearly not good for you."
174323138,"I was originally diagnosed with SzA, but the psychiatric hospital changed it to paranoid Sz in 2008. Now it’s just Sz. I think the original SzA diagnosis was correct."
175873306,I have way too much time on my hands right now....so used to doing class work and surfing here filling the day and now i’m Just letting the class work rest....
175873307,Funny you should say that. My doctor was actually surprised I took it in two doses. Is a big sedator and can cause wicked daytime drowsiness
175873308,no im not aps for the last few months… im on an antidepressant and sleep helped as it wasnt there the next day
174323143,"Partial antagonists like Vraylar and Abilify give me addictions and make me hypersexual, I stay away from them."
175873309,Beautiful! I love the depth you achieved in such a quick work
175873310,"I’ve taken both, but never together. But I do take a different AP and antidepressant combo: Haldol and Celexa"
175873311,"Hi Medved, Try some meditation in the mornings to feel calm. Maybe relax your muscles. Or breathing exercises. Concentrate on in through the nose and out through the mouth with pursed lips. Keep practicing, it eventually calms you down and relieves some of the anxiety. I think our situation with the virus is making us all a little anxious. I been changing some of my meds and that isn't helping me. Keep getting bad side effects. I think that there is one more left for me to try. Anti-depressants that is. I take Xanax for anxiety and that helps. Takes the edge off I would say. But some days nothing seems to help. I work on the breathing a lot. and the meditation helps me sleep. But if I can find a quiet spot I will meditate during the day. I hope that this helps in some small way. It is hard to cope when anxiety is high. And our situation with the virus isn't helping. Hang in there. I am glad you can work from home. That is a huge plus. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175873312,"If u don’t care if I ask, do you still have delusions and paranoia? Or is just a lot more mild?"
175873313,I’m usually not doing anything unless I have to.
175873314,No I can take pic now but it’s half eaten.
175873315,Haha that is sweet! She cheated though… :-o :-p My first kiss was only at…15 i think! It was a real one though. But i cant remember primary school kisses.
175873316,"Do you drive? Dominos are always hiring drivers. A lot of it is part time, but if you tell them what hours you can do, they might accommodate you. It is nothing glorious, but is actually a pretty fun job."
175873317,"I go to study and I just stare. I need to focus but I don't know if I can. All I need is enough to pass this exam, that's it."
175873318,"There are many things in my fears… Like fear of rejection. also like that the others will get aware of my bad, sinner thoughts too… I am also afraid to be seen as crazy, say some inadequate stuff… I fear that the others will yell at me, which happens in reality too. I am suspicious, I guess I didn’t trust the good in the others for years… I never hallucinated though _AT_MENTION_ … In fact my personality is destroyed too, so I am afraid that the others will see my failures, my mistakes… Maybe I should just keep going on… No matter that the others will see me as crazy. Also, too much surrounding stimulations as sounds and colors and people still tire me a bit, so its a source of stress still too But maybe I should continue trying? Efforts sometimes help no? I don’t believe in meds so much for me anymore. I speak only about myself… They help many people, but I gave everything already to the docs. I even believed them too much I find."
175873319,"Invega is similar to Risperdal, both raise prolactine. Try Geodon, I heard good stuff on it. Personally I want to switch to Geodon or Vraylar but Vraylar isn’t available in my country. I tried 5 antipsychotics so far."
175873320,"I have been using cannabis for about 4 years now. I have had certain strains make my ptsd anxiety worse. I have personally found that indica works best for me and I also like a 1/1 ratio of cbd/thc. You may even try starting with just CBD’s. The cbds help reduce head high and are helpful for anxiety. I use gummies as they last longer in my system and I hate smoking. I have heard a lot of people get worse anxiety using and I think you should always listen to your body, talk with your doctor and research your butt off."
175873321,Committing an unforgivable sin.
175873322,"I am going to buy sesame dressing, pastries for my church group, and maybe ramen."
175873323,This drug sounds too scary for me. Seems like it makes people suicidal. The makers of this drug will be rich rich rich and benefit off peoples misery.
175873324,"Realising that nicotine doesn’t make you feel good is a key note to make when quitting. That is what helped me. I realised that actually smoking a cigarette doesn’t make me feel good. It is just a self fulfilling prophecy of addiction with little or no point to it when you realise that the drug doesn’t actually make you feel good, is it not?"
175873325,"I don't think it's borderline. I don't think it's histrionics. I think it's _USER_ID_ hypothalamus. As for borderline, in your descript ion of her, ""My wife can be a loving affection person. When my wife is happy, she is HAPPY. She has a cute, mischievous laugh and is a joy to be around. We both are aware of what she terms ""shark week"" every month, and I am careful not to trigger ""events""..."" you never mention that she has two lives. My wife of several decades had been sexually abused, was a borderline, lived on opposite poles: was extremely nice, or extremely mean. There was nothing in the middle. Because of the sexual abuse, she was sexually active outside the marriage, thus the two lives. She was both loving wife, and cheater to the extreme. The two worlds never met and she didn't conflict over it. Coming in from an affair, she was as calm as she could be, was never nervous about it, and that night would go to sleep before I did. And she was perfectly happy, for both sides of the divided p
ersonality were satisfied, her loving, long-term home-life was there, and her affairs were always in place. Your wife doesn't seem to have any of that, so, therefore, she is not borderline, in my view of the moment. You also get along with her dad. You would probably not get along with her dad, or he feel comfortable around you, if he had abused her in that way. You said the dad and her sister are alcoholics and she drinks excessively. I think she's an alcoholic, it runs in her family, and does not drink because she has an anger problem. You mention hormone therapy helps her. Wonder why with the anger ailment you said she has. Can you keep repeating hormone therapy? You mentioned, ""I suspected BPD, or perhaps she is just an adult from an abusive childhood."" Do you think the latter is her condition? Another condition you mentioned was talked about by psychcentral.com which said, ""Histrionic personality disorder (HPD) is characterized by a long-standing pattern of attention seeking behavior and extreme emoti
onality. Someone with histrionic personality disorder wants to be the center of attention in any group of people, and they feel uncomfortable when they are not. While often lively, interesting, and sometimes dramatic, they have difficulty when people aren’t focused exclusively on them. People with this disorder may be perceived as being shallow, and may engage in sexually seductive or provocative behavior to draw attention to themselves."" I don't think she' that. mindfuledaily.com said about the _USER_ID_ possibility: ""It’s important to note that a threat can be physical or emotional; a snub by a colleague can be felt as just as much of a threat as being cut off in traffic, as both are perceived as jeopardizing survival. The _USER_ID_ doesn’t forget, either; once snubbed by the colleague, for example, it partners with the hypothalamus to remember that person/situation and trigger a feeling of high alert if a similar situation arises. ""When the _USER_ID_ triggers the stress response, we feel anxious a
nd uncomfortable. Logical, nuanced thought takes a back seat. Therein lies the problem with the _USER_ID_; while it was very effective in getting us out of harm`s way when faced with a saber-toothed tiger or dinosaur in years gone by, its stress trigger and blockage of nuanced thinking can prevent us from navigating out of more nuanced “threats” in modern situations. Our reaction can instead escalate into social anxiety, fears and phobias that feel impossible to navigate. ""Fortunately, there are ways to calm your _USER_ID_ and “rewire” such responses through Energy Medicine. The next time you are triggered in a non-life threatening situation, take a pause; if possible, excuse yourself, get some privacy, and hold the front portion of your head and forehead with your hands; this will help to draw energy and blood flow away from the fight-or-flight mechanism and back into the forebrain where logic rules. Your nervous system will calm itself and new solutions/orientations to the stressor can be generated
. ""Calming the _USER_ID_ and activating the more resourceful forebrain can be done via intention as well. Simply visualize sending calming energy to the part of your brain just above the roof of your mouth where the dual-amygdalae are located. As you calm these almond-sized nodes in your brain, send energizing intentions toward the front of your brain to stimulate blood flow there, heal past traumas and generate more resourceful solutions going forward. In many ways, human biology is still trying to catch up with the societal and technological advances of the last century. “Evolving the _USER_ID_” consciously is one way to contribute and take back control of your quality of life."" This Healingwell website offers resources for working on such mind control, which you'll see at the top of each forum page, and you might want to check that out."
175873326,My coworker is going to Panda Express and is going to get me teriyaki chicken. Mmm. I had brought lunch but I get so sick of sandwiches that I jumped at the chance of getting something different for work. What a nice coworker. Too bad after Friday she won't work here anymore (retiring).
175873327,"Either way _AT_MENTION_ it’s best to get it checked out, they do have meds to slow the progression of dementia I believe because they gave some to my Auntie but she didn’t like the way they made her feel so she refused to take them. Anyway knowing in advance will help you, so by all means get it checked. But in the meantime try not to worry. I know that’s easier said than done."
175873328,"yea,i soooo can relate! basically, i try to find alternate opinions of people aside from hatred because when i hate, like you said, hatred lives in my mind and is kind of like i am wearing sunglasses tinted with hate, like hate is in the air,not pleasant,"
175873329,"Between sza and the life that is being stripped out of me bit by bit, and worsening physical issues, I doubt I’ll live a lot longer. For my physical problems my medical dr doesn’t listen and treats me like I’m a lower ignorant species. So I just get sicker and sicker. I’m thankful for my pdoc. He is wonderful"
175873330,Please don’t lock this it’s at a very sensitive point in my recovery!!
175873331,Okay thanks 6889544
175873332,"Gonna get out of this group home with 4 hour groups 3x a week and file for a Sole Proprietorship to do front end web design. Beyond 4 hr groups, several times a day I have to be where I’m told to be here at certain times a day. There’s simply no way I could work while living here. There is no work program here."
175873333,"Trust me, you want to take your full break time. Working a job is a marathon, not a sprint. You don’t want to burn out by doing too much right away. Also, you don’t want to set a standard you can’t keep meeting on a bad day."
175873334,Why should ???? and ???? when its so much ??????? easier to ???? and ????_USER_ID_? and ????. What’s the ???? is shitting you ? Some ????? got it too ????.
175873335,"I would love to make a living by just being cute, but unfortunately it doesn’t work for me."
175873336,"I take _PERSON_ and I seem to be doing okay. Not euphorically happy, but decent. Can’t really say if they’ve made me feel better or not…"
175873337,"I dont give a damn because you will always get haters out there no matter what you do, take it in your stride, it’s their problem not yours and i think you are stronger than that i have faith in you"
175873338,I love cats too. I was watching GTFO ????? ass white. Have a butt out on
175873339,Glad to hear that. Does it stop your voice? Any side effect? Maybe I should try it next.
175873340,"I know a lady who is isolated. I see her once or twice a year (she’s a neighbor). The thing is, her behavior is really strange and I think it’s because she’s never around anyone. I don’t know if it’s bad for her but I do know that now that she’s become so strange acting if she wants friends she’ll have a hard time making them."
175873341,"Well I don’t smoke, so I don’t think I could get the stuff you get. I would probably go for the gummies or something."
175873342,"I’m going to formalize my commitment and make it my routine to use this thread to count the days. That is I mean to say. This thread is the sober-from-alcohol check-in. This will be the third night without alcohol. I work later today and am looking forward to retain every dollar I can. Disclaimer: I am going to go out on Friday’s. Friday’s are my one exception per week. However, not this week. I want to get a stronger pattern going before setting up my routine. So those are my rules for myself: 6 solid days of keeping sober… Then 1 night to let loose and socialize. I’ll be checking in at the end of each day to confirm my sobriety. Feel free to follow suit. I know a few of us are trying. This can be our support page."
174323142,antipsychotics are not harming your body. in the opposite. Psychosis is doing harm to our lives
175873343,l thyroxine get converted to dopamine i think due to some mechanism. thyroxine to tyrosine to l dopamine etc.
175873344,Pretty sure this topic will get deleted. But until it does - no. God is a human creation. Used as a way to justify and explain things we don’t understand and to enforce social rules. I see it as a very literal concept of justice. “Do good and you will live well in the afterlife”. ETC.
175873345,Hi _AT_MENTION_ ! Welcome.
175873346,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174323150,"Good luck with losing weight. I am trying to lose weight with diet. I lost 26lb but I havent weighted myself lately, maybe I gained 1-2lb."
175873347,20 years on prolixen. 15 years on Resperidone. One day on grapes.
174323140,"For me, it has not gotten any worse as far as I can remember. I know very little of the beginning though, the time that has been erased from my memory."
175873349,"Automatic thought when I’m eating, You’re fat. Advice? Love."
175873350,"It’s 6 am over here. I’ve already walked 11,500 steps which is like over 100 minutes. I used to be very de motivated but invested in a fitness tracker. Started small and built up to 10,000 steps a day minimum. Lately I do about 30,000 with weights and other exercise. As an aside, I’ve gone from sleeping 10 hours or so a day to under 8. Exercise can make a big difference for motivation. Well it has for me and I suspect for others if your regular with it."
175873351,"With the general level of obtuseness you display, the last place you want to wind up in front of is a judge. They like to make examples of people who say dumb things and talk back. I don’t think you’d enjoy being sentenced as an adult given how much you carp over what amounts to minor inconveniences."
175873352,I don’t believe it’s degenerative. I was soooooo crazy for my first couple of years. My family thought my mind was shattered beyond repair. Then I started getting better. That doesn’t happen with degenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s. In my opinion the possibility for recovery is schizophrenia’s only silver lining.
175873353,"0422200421b4032×3024 2.73 MB I had a dream about some cookies, and woke up in the middle of the night with a NEED to bake them. But I didn’t have ingredients on hand, and the stores are closed so I looked at what I did have. Next thing I knew, these were done. Tagging _AT_MENTION_ because they reminded me of you. Happy belated birthday!"
174323158,"It kind of ruined my hopes for having kids but I managed to get married and stay married 11 years now. I can’t really say having kids was ever that important to me, although the rejection by several normie girlfriends for being “tainted” was extremely painful. I couldn’t work in a cubicle long hours for companies run by jerks anymore so I had to be the designated caregiver while my siblings went off to work and had good incomes. I would drive my brother a pretty long distance to work everyday sometimes in blizzards and my family would give me spending money. I even reported this income to Social Security but they wouldn’t even dignify it as real work which is mostly a good thing though a bit demeaning. It’s great now that people like me can get paid to be Medicaid caregivers for some friends and relatives but I feel a little too worn out to try it now. I would never ever work for a company or organization again if I didn’t have a good grasp of their values and made sure they were comp
atible with mine. I volunteered for a nonprofit for several years and mostly loved it. So status and income took big hits, but health and happiness haven’t been harmed too much and I am fortunate to have more time to pursue pretty cool music and software projects that I hadn’t had time for before."
175873354,I hope your right
175873355,Eat dear girl! I replied on your other thread but you have awesome support like CarB321 who is now your buddy as I am for either of you anytime! ~ cres
175873356,Tell her you got them at goodwill. They dont allow you to make returns.
175873357,"Of course you’re not bothering anybody on this site. I haven’t had much to do with you directly, but i see your posts to other people. They are non-offensive and are often quite helpful."
175873358,Glad to help. Have a good one.
175873359,Watching these on Netflix now: Shameless Stranger Things Ouran Host Club Yugioh
175873360,Okay i understand.
175873361,_AT_MENTION_ beautiful song. Sure anything I can do to help
175873362,I find it hard to debunk my religious delusions just because Religion is very accepted as a viable belief It’s hard to argue something with little evidence supporting either side I sort of want to believe some of my delusions I wouldnt say insight is the devil though that doesn’t seem to make sense. And I’m not quite sure what you mean by it
175873363,"That isn’t what the reports I’ve been getting tell me, and it is not my personal experience. I’ve talked to several people who say Geodon works with minimal side effects, and that’s the way it is for me."
175873364,My neighbors are Filipino and they leave the window open while they cook. It smells so good
175873365,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ that makes a lot of sense. I think I struggle with both, lately I’ve been good but I do get down and frustrated sometimes"
174323151,You mean positive symptoms?
174323153,"I hear voices all day long, every day. I take 600 mg Clozapine and 5 mg Haloperidol. It’s not terrible because it’s mostly a good voice trying to help me with all my problems. There is an evil voice too, though, who causes me trouble."
175873366,Thanks for reminding me to get my bloodwork done. lol
175873367,I wish I could just go and get drunk. I feel like I need to escape my thoughts and feelings sometimes. I haven’t had alcohol since I started the lithium almost three weeks ago. I thought more about how much I would spend on alcohol and apparently I’ve saved roughly $230 so far. Not drinking is helping my debt a little bit. But I miss it. Just vibeing and relaxing.
175873368,"it doesn’t cause it, but it does trigger it…that drug is sometimes cursed"
175873369,chocolate slimfast shake and a vanilla pudding cup
175873370,Haven’t we already been over this?
175873371,"We don’t get much icy weather here in Ireland, Are you in Canada ?"
175873372,_PERSON_ hash
175873373,"Yes, today I took a shower. Yesterday I didn't. I was off of work yesterday though so it didn't matter so much. I had to go to the pharmacy but other than that, it wasn't a big deal."
175873374,the only way to treat addiction is to break the cycle
175873375,I’m both I need me time if I’m with people all the time I need the exact same amount of time by myself!
175873376,I was also newly out of my job and not tanning wearing makeup so I may have been walking around looking like dodo
175873377,"Hi! To find out what I can do, say _AT_MENTION_ display help ."
175873378,I get this way many times. Try to distract yourself. Listen to some soothing music?
175873379,I took a 4 hour nap
175873380,I’m thinking of asking my pdoc to allow me to take sarcosine Has anyone taken it and did it improve your negative symptoms Also what dose did you find effective?
175873381,Screenshot_2021-03-23-16-53-57-707_pedometer.stepcounter.calorieburner.pedometerforwalking1080×2340 146 KB
175873382,"sorry no not right now…it used to be on kindle but they cancelled it…small book sales really, just more than usual lately…and the royalty checks keep getting bigger…"
175873383,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_
175873384,I feel like running away right now. It’s utter chaos in my household. I’m getting abused by my Aunt and my father is on edge as well. My Mother is deteriorating rapidly. I honestly don’t know if I’ll remain stable for long.
175873385,I think the fact that you put tons of money on marriage makes your bond with your partner stronger. You don’t want to waste all that money after marriage.
175873386,He does have a lot of money and we had a really nasty split. That was about 12 years ago.
175873387,I'm gonna ask my GP if he can prescribe vitamin D for me
175873388,It take skill in the dark arts not one I recommend the power to change people is in us naturely. God is a power house of knowledge. But not supernatural. Sprint usually are out for them self.
175873389,fantastic advise.your very wise.
175873390,sigh i don’t do that in my opinion
175873391,"Interesting story. If I believed in such things, it sounds like it could’ve been a werewolf or something similar. Since I don’t I’d have to suggest that it was probably just a more common animal that seemed like it had a human face. Did the rest of your family see the creature too? On a side note, My parents had a buffalo chase their car when they went on vacation in South Dakota, so it’s not that unthinkable for animals to chase cars"
175873393,do you mean labor day.
175873394,When psychotic I thought I was Jesus and the only one with magic powers doing miracles lol
175873395,I was on Zyprexa low dose 7.5mg for about a month. It raised my blood glucose levels but honestly so does Risperdal. Maybe I could give it another chance? 7.5mg of Zyprexa did not control my mania so well.
175873396,"took my first dose of vraylar had trouble with the pharmacy today, ended up having to go 30 mins out to another CVS to get it."
175873397,I find propranolol to be more effective for headaches than Cymbalta. Ask your pdoc tho.
175873398,"I don’t know, but it sounds strange if you are not able to get tested because you don’t have a car. Isn’t it possible to just go there and get tested anyways? Or maybe you need to go the hospital or something."
175873399,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873400,I hope the Olanzapine helps you. Good job on going in for some help. Please let us know how you are feeling later if you feel up to it. Take care of yourself.
175873401,"I’m in the states as well. My court hearing is set in April. With my education level (bachelors) and age (27) it’s made it hard to get. But I have been in therapy since I was 18 and hospitalized up to 10 times and can work some hours, but every time I try to increase this I go psychotic or depressed. Like now for example. had to work 30 hours to make rent and I’m in an episode. Its nerve wracking to say the least."
175873402,Fair enough. I really hope you do find something that works for you tho cause I’ve tried for years without taking them and just can’t do it
175873403,"Yeah that's true, it usually takes me a few weeks of excessive sleeping before I get adjusted to dose increases too"
175873404,I understand. My grandfather was a pattern maker and back in the day he could raise 4 kids on that income.
175873405,I could save money if I didn’t eat so much but food is one thing I enjoy.
175873406,Man this is the most interesting subject in the whole forum! Yet I die for going back to reality I feel like there is a better life out there just have faith and work from the unconscious to the conscious. I get afraid that I wont be able to act normally like other people… but that just an illusion so have faith …
175873407,"your initial diagnosis would make sense, because they can’t call it sz until it’s been around for at least six months."
175873408,"I was delusional when I sent out my post, earlier. I didn’t see a bandage from having blood drawn, and I found out I haven’t been yet. Please forgive me _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ . ? I had blood drawn on Monday. Just no follow up labs, yet. I put in a call, and I hope to go tomorrow. Sooooooooo sorry."
174323168,"I’ve been able to cut my sleep aid clonazepam dose to 0.25mg due to amyloban 3399 use. I no longer wake up in the middle of the night to take another 0.25mg. Here’s study about amyloban for sleep, depression and anxiety academia.edu The effects of Hericium erinaceus (Amyloban® 3399) on sleep quality and... The effects of Hericium erinaceus (Amyloban® 3399) on sleep quality and subjective well-being among female undergraduate students: A pilot study Also works for treatment resistant schizophrenia along with AP OMICS International Case Report: Recovery from Schizophrenia Using Amyloban 3399, Compounds... .."
175873409,Sz was already named early dementia before but dementia is a worse illness and gets worse with time while sz isn’t with meds.
175873410,I hope you’re right. At least for weight loss I hope it helps. Was meant to be 76kg by Monday but I think I may be up to 79kg atm I’ll check tmrrw morning. Hope u had a nice xmas
175873411,"Yeah, I found those classes fun as well."
175873412,"I don’t wanna take haldol, I cried like a girl today."
175873413,Hey! This is a dog thread about dogs intended for dog people! We don’t like yer kind around here!
175873414,"improving ones thinking can have many benefits, endless really"
175873415,"I’m totally fine with it being a placebo. The thing about the placebo effect is, even if you KNOW for a fact you’re only getting placebo benefits, you still get them. But I don’t honestly know how a damaged tendon could be repaired by the placebo effect alone, and the effects could hold up for over a year after treatment. My doctor had tried numerous treatments on it, including steroids and physical therapy, before determining I needed the surgery."
175873416,I am worried that the department for work and pensions has accounts here
175873417,"I would be good food for hungry dogs, 300lb of meat lol"
175873418,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ . I’ll just hope for the best.
174323166,I’m on it too. I really like it. For me it has the least amount of side effects/negative symptoms compared to the other meds I’ve tried (both new and old). Sometimes I get a little muscle tightness but its not bad enough to take cogentin. I’m on 16mg at night. What’s everyone else’s dosage?
175873419,"YES. This happened when it first started for me. They made me believe that life was a movie and they controlled everything. This did not help me what so ever and I was in utter turmoil, confusion, and terror because of this. I still feel this as well, though a slight nuance of a difference because of what I have experienced up till now."
175873420,"Yeah, I took my Seroquel but not my lithium because doubling up on it is dangerous. Don’t know if I should take the lithium now. I took a benadryl because I was sneezing and my mouth was itching but it didn’t make me tired. It sucks having to try and redirect my thoughts away from delusional thinking. I don’t want to end up in another hospital."
175873421,I believe that some of mine were/are real
175873422,Sounds like a good plan.
175873423,MGM Grand and the Venetian.
175873424,I’m so glad you’re feeling better. I was worried.
175873425,No I never thought CIA. These were all my really good friends. We all grew up together. One of them is still my best friend until this very day. I have seen his stepsister on Facebook but I certainly didn’t send her a friend request. She is married and has kids now. I think they all just wanted me to do what they had already done. Some of them went further than that that night but they didn’t make me do that.
174323169,It doesn’t matter that the person has schizophrenia who is doing the threatening. That is unacceptable behavior and he needs to be punished accordingly.
175873426,"I unfollowed people whose post triggers me. I only have you guys posting cute cats, funny memes, or beautiful sceneries, and my two art groups to see beautiful paintings. My Facebook feed is peaceful ^^"
175873427,"The word flashed makes me sound guilty… but I’m so stuck and trapped… I went to a neighbor for healing on a guilty conscience regarding race. She Told my mom via screenshot. Have a Pdoc 5 minutes appointment today coincidentally. Looked up euthanasia in New Jersey and see its legal… I’ve been thinking that there are much worse ways to die… Covid, cancer, etc."
175873428,"yeah, me too. I might do more animal series of poems. Thanks for your kind words."
175873429,Usually me too but this year I received one ‘Merry Christmas’ picture from an acquaintance from outpatient.
175873430,Superb album… I must say…
175873431,"I made out with this 27 year old blond chick in my first psyche ward. I was 19. All I can say is it was the best of times, it was the worst of times. ."
174323174,"Flat affect is only one of the many symptoms of schizophrenia, most schizophrenics have positive symptoms only and no negative symptoms like flat affect, apathy and avolition."
175873432,I’m really sorry sometimes people are just weird like that
175873433,"I take 300mg Pregabalin a day, and up to 30mg Diazepam but I usually try to stick to 10mg"
174323170,dun put your progressive schizophrenia developments as u dun take ur meds into blames of meds withdrawal. That’s all i learn from my experience of untreated schizophrenia as i have never been on Aps for long time and my mental health is deterirating in a very fast rate.
175873434,My favorite
175873435,"You will waste money, get STDs like HIV and coronavirus. Its suicide."
175873436,"I think that’s as far as my math knowledge goes. I can solve basic unknown value equations, but I was never good at it. Last time I had math I was like 16"
175873437,"me too, i want to stay on the med im on i just hope my insurance keeps covering it had to go through alot just to get it approved"
175873438,Happy Birthday _PERSON_
175873439,i’m pretty sure it’s anonymous and you don’t have to feel any fear cause they gonna send you to the hospital… they might say it’s good for you to get checked up at the hospital but the choice will always lay with you
175873440,"I am sorry we are all worried about the Corona virus. Have enough food, medicine, and water. Be aware if you have any symptoms. Try to relax and take it easy. And stay in doors."
175873441,You need surgery and still need regular battery replacement.
175873442,“Slowly but confident” Words to live by!
175873443,He dosent want to talk to you
175873444,It looks so yummy! Awesome job!
175873445,Omg that is funny. We are a funny bunch. My voices rip on me when I do anything embarrassing. Chewable Gas X after every meal works for me.
175873446,Are you not on any meds?
175873447,come live in the woods with me and we can be neighbours
175873448,"Thanks you three. I think awareness might be different, yes. And because im sensitive to psychosis there might also be some risk of sliding into psychosis, or even just some unusual thoughts. I really wish there was some harsh line though. Also to decide on how to treat it, whether to up the AP, etc. Hope _AT_MENTION_ might have some advice too…"
175873449,Thanks Gamera. 1515
175873450,Glad to hear you’re doing okay-ish? What time is it there? It’s 7:54am where I am… It’s okay! Thank you!
175873451,"I hate cardio i cant do it, i do strength training, im on low calorie diet. Been losing since. I think my liver shot to hell from supplements im taking."
175873452,"_AT_MENTION_ if someone I loved and who loved me filled out such a page on me, I would feel pretty hurt. My hurt would extra, however. It was not my loved one’s intention to hurt me. My loved one was simply trying to get me the government benefit. _PERSON_"
175873453,"Are you the _NAME_ show behind the television watching, or the one being watched that doesn’t know hes on tv."
175873454,Why they injected me with an AP then
174323171,"On that subject, I read an article where schizophrenic deaf and blind people experience hallucinations, auditory and visual."
175873455,Haha… i like it…
175873456,"I felt like that for 10 years 2000 to 2010, the brain fog lifted in 2010, my mind is now as sharp as razors …never give up folks…time can be a healer…I guess I served my time in the sufferings…carried my cross well…"
174323175,"If they wanted to cause you harm, why wouldn’t they just kill you outright? Why piddle around with the coronavirus? As far as starting to drool. That can be your meds. I drool in my sleep sometimes since taking Aripiprazole."
175873457,Yeh… With universal credit apparently you would be ok… You’d still get benefits albeit a bit reduced… Unlike with _PERSON_
175873458,"It’s okay to borrow from her, she’s your sister. I wouldn’t mind lending some money to my little sister and I know she wouldn’t mind to lend me some as well. That’s what family is for, to be there for each other in time of needs"
174323179,I take a little bit here and there and then go for a long walk and ponder life. My doctor agrees with it in moderation even though i have schizophrenia. It helps with my depression. Makes me see the world in a more positive light.
175873459,That’s really cool!
175873460,"I’m not judging, I’m annoyed. I’ve been in psychosis too, And at your age. We’ve all been trying to help for days and you’ve been snippy with us. I don’t appreciate that."
175873461,I am so sorry your mom passed away…I hope you feel better soon…
175873462,"Thank you. However, I have a physical disability. Canada has a system of testing for medical burden. If i get detected, I am not allowed to enter. At all. I just have this feeling of…no one wanting me, you know? Because I’m physically disabled? Like. It’s such a horrible feeling. But I really appreciate your support and I’ll try my best to look for alternative routes. Thank you."
175873463,_AT_MENTION_ Awesome!
175873464,Beautiful!!! Thanks for sharing!
175873465,"I’ve seen fire, and I’ve seen rain. I’ve seen sunny days that I thought would never end. I’ve seen lonely days when I could not find a friend."
175873466,"I wouldn’t stop the anti-psychotics; I would try a different one. I’m not sure with what you have going on, that titrating off, would be a good idea. Maybe a different pdoc."
175873467,Yes! Yes! I Have Been in a Dark Place When it Comes to Food And Drink Long Ago. So I Can Say That Yes These Little Seemingly Odd Things Can Help… . …
175873468,Yes constantly gaining and losing weight up and down too fast is dangerous as crap and is called yo-yo dieting. (I’ve done it too.) You mess up your body with the constant extreme fluctuations in weight. Slower fluctuations in weight are better for you.
175873469,Haha you’ll be alright. It’s a hard life !
175873470,Sorry I didn’t reply. I didn’t really know what you meant so I didn’t know what to say. I appreciate the advice.
175873471,"If you video yourself for 1 hour, What happens?"
175873472,"Yeah, she had that one great song that was a big hit. She did other stiff too."
175873473,Thanks so much _AT_MENTION_ .
175873474,"My loud voices left on the 22nd January 2019 at 5:30pm, il never forget it. They came back in the form of whispers on the 16th September 2019 at around 7:30pm but I don’t hear them when I’m distracted. I guess you could say I’m voice free like you as well"
175873475,I’ve been stigmatized for being a single parent especially if they’re conservative.
175873476,You might have a legit medical problem like Eosinophilic esophagitis. That sounds a lot like what happens to me when I’m choking and that’s what my doctor suspects I have. I’m getting an endoscopy later this month to test for it.
175873477,I’m thinking about receiving the _NAME_ and _NAME_ vaccine. It might be milder than the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines. It’s a one dose vaccine.
175873478,"I feel that Critical Thinking and questions are very important I placed restraints/rules on myself before I proceeded further… Not everyone is out to get me so I should mind myself to make sure I don’t accidentally lash out at the innocent Always leave myself 10% wrong no matter how convicted because if I feel I know everything I will stop learning. Best to quit reacting on every new theory which I am introduced too. I don’t want to have to apologize to my elderly next door neighbor for hitting her with a frying pan after suspecting she was a Purple People Eater in disguise. Understand that --> Yes, there are stranger sciences at play but ‘strange’ doesn’t necessarily mean ‘malevolent.’"
175873479,"_PERSON_, I NEED to express myself and share it too… Its a great urge of mine. I made this song about my delusions and feeling that im heart broken too I met a woman who I told about my delusions, and also in one of the opening texts, like I always wanted. She even shook my hand and said “Hey Jesus, I’m _NAME_…….just kidding its _NAME_” Funny how things may or may not work out UGhhhhhhhh But it is all funny. Well I shouldn’t get ahead of myself, especial a woman. And shes a special one… Like im sun moon ascendent gemini-scorpio-capricorn shes Capricorn-scorpio-gemini I showed her my song vultures and owls and she said “Oh no way, vulture is my spirit animal” while I said “well owls are mine” then she sees an owl later in the night she texted me Also, she freaking left her phone in her house the FIRST time she was over. She came back and threw rocks at my window to wake me up. Just a special girl. Straight out some movie. And she sure is a badass. Shes been diagnosed sza in t
he past but said the diagnosis changed with time for her. I made this song for her, I dont wanna share it with her as much as I wanna share it with you guys I met her on online, and we haven’t done anything sexual or nothing like that but everything just seemed to work out so good. tell me what u think of the song And I sign off the post asking, is it CRAZY…to think…there are no coincidences??? I think not but interested in your vibe on the matter."
175873480,"Left a message with my doctor about the medication dilemma. I'm going grocery shopping in a little while, first time I've been to a grocery store in over a month, maybe even 2 months. So it will be intimidating, but it should be okay. My inspection went well, lasted all of like 2 minutes, no big deal. I worry over stupid things all the time."
175873481,"Damn, I want to be buried under a pyramid with 20 virgins, 5 camels, and three tons of gold. I want people to sing my praise’s and tell great stories about me for a thousand years afterwards."
175873482,Did the voices test you
175873483,"I was getting a migraine when I took it, it made it go away."
175873484,Me too. Can't wait.
175873485,They’re convinced I’m mentally ill no matter how many times I say I faked it. Now I think I’m going to hell because they’re not looking to save me from danger because they think there is no danger because they think it’s just in my head.
175873486,It’s important for us me and mum to get her to trust enough To go
175873487,I fckin burnt cookies cuz _NAME_ messing wit me
175873488,"Based on what I've shared so far, does anyone know of active groups that might help me stay grounded on a daily basis? My posts haven't been getting a lot of attention and I'm typically not someone who reaches out to others, and I've been pouring out my heart and soul on here."
175873489,"Idk, the only part of the hospitalization that I liked is you can walk around all day in public wearing nothing but a hospital gown with your ass hanging out and no one gives you a second look. The flirty nurses were a little bonus I never expected."
175873490,Cloud Nothings - Attack on Memory
175873491,I feel like people need to laugh at themselves sometimes.
175873492,"I experienced this when I had the babies. So did Mr. Star. My therapist said this is a pretty universal parent experience regardless of mental health history, because of the sleep deprivation."
175873493,"It’s at least warming up a bit here, right _AT_MENTION_? I can’t wait for even warmer and sunnier days."
175873494,Feeling rotten. Might just stay in bed forever.
175873495,Not a banana split?
175873496,The temptation to drink.
175873497,"Had a good time with my friend today, plus I got to see his cat"
175873498,Nah lol. Im a toothless middle-aged git with half an ear lol I hope my personality makes up for it tho.
175873499,_PERSON_ forget me I managed to get the account set up. Just have to wait 48 hours now. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175873500,It’s the medication! I’ve been on many different anti-psychotic medications and they all seem to give their own level of motivation. It sucks! _PERSON_ if you want to change your meds though so you can have fun again. I started a topic about the exact same thing then afterwards I scrolled down and saw this one too.
175873501,"Yes, I see. I have religious ideas and voices. I am obsessed with spirituality and religion"
175873502,Thank you! On a diamond painting site. I think it’s from diamond xpres.
175873503,Day 1 of my 3 day water fast. I'm going to then quit cigarettes and get a gym membership and stop taking kratom.
175873504,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174323176,Im less social since schizophrenia but no ones noticed much because I wasnt very social to begin with just less social than I use to be. But I think thats a _USER_ID_ about people with schizophrenia that they not social
175873505,Feel free to add your own stuff!
175873506,Always happy to see people got better. What med are you on?
175873507,"i had an friend who said medications make you worse. Some say the opposite. I dont know what to believe. Sometimes i get furious, when thinking about it. This wasnt to much help."
175873508,I haven’t felt romantic love because I married the safe choice vs one where I would be swept off my feet. Now with my advancing age and baggage I don’t think that I will ever experience it. I am trying to rethink beating myself up with positive quotes like this. image750×827 67.5 KB
175873509,On the off chance that is true it’s induced in us by the military/ government.
175873510,She already has me on chlorazapate which is a low potency benzo. A couple weeks ago she was talking about putting me on Xanax to just for the panic attacks
175873511,Just call me king.
175873512,Yes. U said it better than me.
174323181,"I have tried, Ideral, haldol, risperidone, thorizine, oxcarbazipine, cojentin, and I am currently on invega. I hear Clozapine works well for people with dreadd receptors, but the clozapine can lower white blood cell count and requires constant blood work. Not a fan of it because of that."
175873513,"To be precise, I either say ???? off. Or ???? off, I’m busy. Which is what I really mean. I don’t mean it in a horrible way. It’s just when we are referring to mind reading and constant watching. It kind of feels necessary to say that atm. Because of the way I feel atm. I don’t think it is necessarily ideal, idk, but it’s all I’m capable of atm in order for me to feel a bit less self conscious at the moment."
175873514,I’ve been on Geodon and Seroquel for well over a decade. They handle my psychosis.
175873515,All the time I feel that
175873516,Thanks OK for me it was about 2/3 of a year.
175873517,I need someone to talk to me…
175873518,Love this forum
175873519,My voices started any delusions I had
175873520,"Olanzapine 5mg at night, can’t have anymore or I’m literally dead to the world and that’s not a good combination when you have a child. Fluoxetine 40mg"
175873521,I hope it’s not life long.
175873522,I think bad experiences make a person stronger.
175873523,I’m sorry if I triggered anyone with this
175873524,Yes I do sometimes
175873525,"At first, I was glad for our stray cat, _NAME_. It was the bloom of first romance. Then, I backed off thinking I really didn’t like him, that it was silly to love a cat. But today, I am not afraid of losing him and love him for sure. It was that, when I was a kid, my male cat broke my heart by just walking away one day. I will be sure to seize the moment this time."
175873526,"I deal with that too … Of course life should never be but unfortunately it is, a living hell don’t do what I did and try fixing it at church (your call however) — I’ve struggled for years with pictures in my head of demons and hell and angels — soften your heart, take your pills, if God seems for you, pray and love and do your best - God bless you I know how hard this is first hand - life is about the little things, count your blessings and fall in love - treat it like a mental Ilness and have fun It gets easier as time goes on"
175873527,Bacon cheddar fries would be so good right now. I can’t stop thinking about food ?
175873528,"Made an appointment to pick up my tax transcripts Monday. Other than that I'm waiting on one other document to arrive in the mail then ALL the paperwork needed is turned in to the new apartment place, then hopefully my application is approved which it definitely should be and then I just give a 30 day notice and get the heck out of this place and into a much much nicer place that's also more affordable"
175873529,"I had coffee with a friend. then i dropped my gf off and went to see my mum i helped her with her fish tank as she is getting a new tank so we had to empty and move the old one, made her lunch and took her dog a 30min walk. had coffee again with my friend. tomorrow my plans are going to try and get my blue badge visit my clubhouse afterwards and then hopefully go to a mental health meet up (if i can fit it all in)"
175873530,My psychotic episodes can last years.
175873531,"I saw 3 different general Drs about my bad voices, I asked for a pdr, they all refused and said the waiting list is at least 1 year waiting. I think in the US its much easier to see a pdr but healthcare is not free."
175873532,Congrats on two years.
175873533,"Yeah, oddly enough, better than I usually am lol"
175873534,"Sleepy, I’m sorry you are going through this. Gratitude helps, but it’s still hard. I hope you feel better soon."
175873535,"No, as I said it might work for you! Do what the doctor says."
175873536,I’m afraid I’ll be kidnapped and tortured by the men who follow me. I always report it
175873537,Hope your mom is okay _AT_MENTION_
175873538,"Yes insane weird demented nightmares on ap’s. But luckily sometimes I don’t remember my dreams. I want to maybe try lucid dreaming sometime, I’ve tried in the past but maybe someday."
175873539,I'm not getting any studying done today haha. Too busy watching Nurse _NAME_. At least I'm focused on one thing.
175873540,They are true facts
175873541,"Yeah, well I sometimes try to sell my stuff if I was planning on moving. It’s a waste of money buying things again that you once owned."
175873542,There is no confirmed reliable evidence for that…you ok
175873543,I have a hard time standing or sitting still. Laying down on the floor is the only way to be still.
174323182,"If it’s keeping you out of hospital, that’s all that matters in my opinion. I’m taking 15mg abilify too. 100mg quetiapine is a low dose."
175873544,I told you to call me sir or madam.
175873545,"I hear voices in white noise, it’s very triggering for me. I don’t like it."
175873546,I’m roadrunner he always escapes
175873547,"I could try. I don’t know if I’ll be able to sleep early tonight because I took a nap around 3:30 til 5pm but I might be able to I’m not sure. I definitely plan on cleaning tomorrow, I’ll put my crochet stuff out too so I remember to start trying it out, thank you"
175873548,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175873549,No nausea but everyone is different. You could discuss it with your doctor _AT_MENTION_ .
175873550,That’s what delusional people sound like… people with schizophrenia sound like that sometimes unfortunately…
175873551,It annoys me. I believe I earn enough to be considered eccentric at this point.
175873552,"I actually managed to leave the house 3x yesterday. Twice to drop the kid and her vehicle off at OK Tire and then help her pick it up as she needed winter tires (which I paid for, yay). Went out last night to pick up milk, refill the wife’s _NAME_ ($0.05 off per litre at Fas Gas on Tues/Thurs) and take in the recycling as my bins were getting full of cardboard and plastic. It’s the most excitement I’ve had all week. I do have my own car – Vlad the Impala – but he just sits in the driveway feeling lonely these days. I think I’ve only put 2200 km on him in the last seven months."
175873553,I’m sorry to hear you were abused. It probably was worse than mine.
175873554,"Hi brandotron. So I was curious about your experience. When you had your voices were they realistic and smart? And can you elaborate on being a secret medical test subject, was it the voices telling you this because you could hear them? If so I had similar"
175873555,Has anyone lost weight on seroquel
175873556,There is a natural wellbutrin and that is thyroid medication called levothyroxine. Its T4 but get converted to T3 then to L tyrosine then to dopamine. So if you are experiencing symptoms of low dopamine first thing to check is if your thyroid level is optimal and correct it if low by taking levothyroxine pill. Also take Omega 3 daily it activates your mind and thus reduces depression.
175873557,That just goes to show that the same med can affect different people differently. There is some trial and error in the medication process. The only thing I don’t like about Geodon is that it weakens me so much physically.
175873558,"I would love to get paid for working here. But sorry, us mods are unpaid volunteers. Members are just people that experience some sort if psychosis, are sz or sza."
175873559,"I am completely out of control off meds, a danger to myself and to others."
175873560,"I like both. For me there are weaknesses and benefits. The good thing about talking to people is that your point comes across more exact since you can underly your words with the tone of your voice combined with facial expression and body language. The minus is that you can lose track of what people are talking about or not hear properly what they said. With writing it easier to be more specific, manifest yourself and really give a good thought through answer. And also you get concrete manifested answers from others. The minus with written communication is that it is easier to be misunderstood or misinterpited. Your mood may actually influence how you perceive written communication and for instance you can picture the words in your mind as being agressive or meaning something else than what the author intended."
175873561,Ok thanks for reply.actually your dosage is really low its better to take 3 monthly depot injection.there is not much difference
175873562,"Sometimes when people are really nice to me I tell them to stop. “No more love, please.” because I can’t handle any more. My provider loves me until I am nauseous with love. It’s a lot of work to accept it all and not get a negative reaction like guilt. If there is guilt, then the giving hasn’t served its purpose. So I work to avoid guilt."
175873563,My psychiatrist left me her cell phone number and I’ll sometimes call or text her when I really need her but I never abuse the situation.
174323191,"Hello. I’m new to this, so apologies in advance. I’m actual a teenager who’s family members are effected by this. To shed more light, my father has a paranoid schizophrenia and Bipolar disorder. As in, he IS diagnosed with them. He was a substance abuser, which possibly could’ve contributed, but Something feels wrong in my life, and I think I might have mental illnesses, too. I’m aware that I am more at risk because it seems as if there’s a genetic component at hand. I do not know how to approach this, or If this is an actual concern or....., I don’t know: me overreacting, me being normal and fine ( if this is a normal question amongst teens my age ), or even if I, myself, am unintentionally trying to attract attention. If this seems to broad, I guess to sum it up, I mean I’m questioning if I have ADHD ( I think he has this as well ), bipolar disorder, etc.... because Many of my genetically related family, and only related by marriage family have these ( I am unsure if it would be c
onsidered a flag if people who could potentially have something like that are attracted ( not even necessarily as in romantically ) to people who DO have it.....? Am I at an actual risk? Should I be tested? Or this something normal of a teenager to think/worry about?"
175873564,"Children don’t have any choice. Adults do. In that respect, it is holding them responsible for that which a child cannot do for himself."
175873565,I miss the chicken and crouton soup. Apart from that the food and drink was terrible in there. I was getting takeaways a lot at the time so I did not have to eat it.
175873566,Check out the insulin injection bit
175873567,"I had kids bark at me once when I was about 16. Scarred me permanently. Yours sounds like a coincidence since she was on her phone. I doubt it had anything to do with you. Also, no matter your age, hurtful comments are just that- hurtful."
175873568,"My doc refuses to give me an antidepressant because last time i went on one I went manic. Probably a good decision. _USER_ID_: still kinda wish I could have one for anxiety though, I don't want to rely on benzos."
175873569,"Okay!., Hopes And Dreams To See Where it Leads Like a Shelter Within The Collective Scene Jus to Be And Feel And Breathe"
175873570,"Most people with my education can fly to Europe whenever they want, or go anywhere else they want. I was cheated out of a pension because of manipulative busybodies. I can’t afford to do anything I want. They don’t even think people should be allowed to live in poverty, they think it’s too good for someone."
175873571,I wanted that for either switch or pc
175873572,"I was climbing the stairs today with a coffee in my hand. As I was walking up, I realized that I cannot walk normally at all. My muscles were so stiff, my feet was dropping, and I was in immense pain as I was walking up. I wanted to cry. I’m not myself anymore. I’m not who I thought I was. I just want to break down and just cry. I just keep being scared, afraid, and paranoid…just…I just feel so much pain. I’m not okay. I just feel so scared. My physical health is not helping my mental health. It’s only ruining it. But my life is not in vain. I must keep on living and show the world that I can do something."
175873573,Oh man that really sucks
175873574,Seroquel made me worse than I was when I was off meds. Sanity was restored when I switched to abilify.
175873575,Thanks _PERSON_. Yeah holiday stress...I hear ya! I try not to let is steal my joy...but it sure is a challenge. I hope that you get the rest that you need soon. (((((Hugs))))) S.C.
175873576,"And there's the gross yellow stain that gathers on the walls around picture frames and mirrors and clothes, on record albums and CDs, on my poor desk tops, on my beautiful jewelry, on my fingers. The awful grime. I've been watching TCM 24/7 and amazed that actors and actresses, in beautiful formal wear, are puffing away in these gorgeous gowns. I did see a couple of films in which the actress uses a cig holder, and that almost solves the stained fingers and nails. But not the awful yellow teeth. Gorgeous actresses actually willingly having tar all over their teeth! Amazing. _NAME_ was a chain-smoker and you never get a real close up of her teeth or fingers. And she agreed to some really funky makeup in her 1960s roles so I don't know why she was shy about her teeth being brown. In Now, Voyager you can't keep up with the smoking for a smoking game. If you try a drinking game on it you'll be under the table by the end of the movie. Oh well. I need my vape. I keep realizing that I can't inhale my vape 
here until weeks pass and it's an awful, desperate feeling. One of my roommates makes annoying vocal sounds in her sleep, it's just another thing here. Is this going to be like March where you think there can't possibly be a 2 week lockdown except it turns into another two weeks, and another, and another and another and 3 months have gone by. They tested me a few days ago and then again yesterday. I lost my sense of taste. I can taste things kind of but not like it was. I'm not that worried because I don't really have other symptoms. Please let me vape! Universe, please let me vape!"
175873577,That’s super cute
175873578,Ugh when is the freaking mail coming. It's already 2pm
175873579,It’s not stimulating. It does interact with abilify though. It makes abilify less effective.
175873580,Are you God? 1515
175873581,"Crocodal, I feel the same lack of motivation sometimes. I do a lot better when I schedule something, like going for a walk with a friend. Some days I go for a walk by myself. Sometimes I am able to read."
175873582,"I think if I’m interpreting this right, that delusions have me. When I’m in the moment having one its very captivating and honestly it feels like you get swept up in it. They feel very flimsy though when you’re feeling healthy."
175873583,Very nice _AT_MENTION_ Gives me a nostalgic feeling.
175873584,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ but they didn’t test for it.
175873585,It actually took me 6 months to tell… 3 months is withdrawal
175873586,I am pretty much symptom free on 800mg of Amisulpride. It took years to find a drug that worked for me.
175873587,The _PERSON_
175873588,"Its 4:45am here, just woke up, slep at midnight. I might go back to sleep later. I can’t sleep 8hrs one shot."
175873589,Are there ways to increase cortisol?
175873590,"There could be a serious wing committed to a more traditional civil liberties perspective, and a more visionary one dedicated to exploring and expounding the enlightenment dimension of psychosis. What do you think?"
175873591,It feels like a Saturday. I'm going crazy here.
175873592,"Take benadryl beforehand, if you can. Then you can just nap during the procedure."
175873593,"It looks pretty good, well done!"
175873594,"let me see, you thinks so, i want be rip and shredded at end of 2021 im going to work really hard."
175873595,"They say that I chose to stay in bed all day everyday. My daily schedule is wakeup and stay in bed for 4h, get up to eat, back to bed for 4h, repeat until I sleep at night. I don’t know what to do, I can’t live alone, take care of myself and manage money. Can I live in the hospital or a place for old and disabled ppl?"
175873596,confidence and communication are the only ones for me. They can be better described by another dx though.
175873597,How is it now? 123
175873598,Best Christmas in two decades.
175873599,"If you relapsed before its long term meds for sure, maybe 3-5 years as regulated by nih"
175873600,"I just don’t spend enough effort to maintain friendship,I find that after one-two year…my desire to maintain friendship with similar person is gone"
175873601,I ate ice cream last night. I took 2 lactaid pills but it still messed with my stomach yesterday. I seem to be ok today.
175873602,"Like the bird theme! I’m a bird lover myself. Got a budgie Sky. Growing up, my eldest brother had cockatiels, and I had budgies for many years."
175873603,"Happens. But other things happen too. Nobody knows what will. Just keep doing what makes the days bearable. I myself have gotten quite tired of single life, but then I could also have a nightmare interest and that’s not worth it. Relationships can be draining and really make things worse even for normal people, but considering sz people, it can be even more stressful or even scarring. I know for a fact, I’m not interest in interest scars due to failed relationships … it’s really not worth it. A family is obviously a different thing. You pick a reliable person, but as far as non long term commitment relationships (marriage), you really aren’t missing out bud. It’s painted rosy but it’s complete luck I try to focus on helping myself overcome cognitive decline, I also try to overcome motivation issues — that’s what I spent most my efforts on. I think it’s possible for us to improve our lives for ourselves if we (or, our bodies rather) get used to making efforts in these directions 
instead"
175873604,"Regardless of after life or not my point is if this life ends there is no taking it back. If you die that is the end of this life. The friends and family still living can no longer talk to you, do things with you, or anything other than mourn the loss of you. In conclusion death is worse than an sz diagnosis"
174323198,"Before Abilify I would scream out with frustration and anger. Even when losing at PlayStation online I would lose it, uncontrollable anger. But with Abilify it’s like rainbows and roses, everything is tolerable."
175873605,I kinda am learning to not accept living in fear 100% of the time. Up to now I have kinda harboured slightly obsessive thoughts that if I let go of my fear the universe would punish me. Like I deserved to always be paranoid and afraid. This last week I have been more pragmatic and less hard on myself. I have realised being hard on myself is not going to stop bad things happening - so why be hard on myself
175873606,I know the feeling. I think I was a terrorist and today woke up feeling super paranoid that they will eventually get me and kidnap me to North Korea.
175873607,"You should try them sometime, might be fun. I get most of my games used from Amazon, very cheap and in good condition"
175873608,Hi Sometimes I feel like I over-socialize with friends or over share certain aspects of my life. I just talk about things a bit too personal or things then really cant be helped then I get judged and eventually hurt. So now I’m taking a break from socializing from certain folks to recoup…
175873609,I wanted you to notice the predicted price.
175873610,Feeling very sleepy even though I slept well. I missed breakfast though. These people don't wake me up and then I miss it. It's ok because I had about 8 ounces of regular Coke left over and I didn't eat. I have to start writing down everything I eat and drink.
175873611,That’s not funny moon. I can be really smart
175873612,I just had a disability review done. I never got denied my benefits. I hope I don’t get another one for 5-7 years hopefully.
175873613,I hope so151515
174323203,I cant even watch most movies/tv shows bcz now they trigger me. The same ones didnt trigger me b4 sz.
175873614,I have been following this thread and I must say you have all kinds of negative thoughts and you should be more positive. I found it interesting that you study math using English math books. You might want to study math in the university. So is _NAME_ related to you? Just a joke.
175873615,I don’t work and it’s devine. I am my own master. I don’t harm any people in my adventures. I try to leave positive interactions with most I do…( yes some people here still piss me off…) but I’m forever learning and growing. You do something even if it’s nothing. For me doing nothing can be a great thing. I’m centered and doing ok. I don’t need money or things to make me happy. I appreciate what I can do with money but if I was rich or poor I’d still be living the exact same way I’m living now and have done for the last 20 years. Live as large as your able is my motto.
175873616,What do the voices say?
175873617,"I typed like 2 posts for everyone to read, but I guess no one read them."
175873618,"Trust me, these are real facts. A social worker who I knew before they were one, and a medical expert asking me if I had pets."
174323199,"Amazing, a schizo doc!! Congratulations, hope it goes well."
175873619,This is good Very innovative -
175873620,"Love it! The tail does kind of look like a penis, But I think that just adds character to the art."
175873621,"Sometimes I find myself bitter and blaming my family even though I know they did all they could and still do to help. They weren’t perfect and there’s good and bad and hatred and love but they did their best . Then I’ll blame myself,and that doesn’t help either. I think forgiving and accepting and moving forward in anyway possible is the only healthy way. There’s no perfect person or life. Ours isn’t any worse than anyone elses. Everyone has their burden."
175873622,"You survived for a while but you’ve got to accept that at one point it became too much, hence your big time crisis."
175873623,"Almost 3am. When I was 16, I didn't sleep. I only slept for maybe 5 hours a night for a year. Then I was put on risperidone 2mg and started sleeping 18 hours a day. I was put on a stimulant for this reason but also for ADHD-PI (Undiagnosed as a kid because in the country I live in, no one believes that ADHD exists). After my bad psychedelic trip, I couldn't sleep at night and would lie in bed with episodic fits of laughter for 2-3 hours before I'd finally fall asleep - So I was put on 100mg of Seroquel which worked for about 3 years - Although I would still sleep about 12-14 hours a night. The Seroquel was then decreased to 50mg which allowed me to sleep 12 hours a night. I then started getting heart palpitations for about a year (Which I dealt with by putting a pillow under my arm before I fell asleep). The palpitations got worse so I switched to Remeron which was even worse for palpitations - So I stopped both and was put on 7.5mg of zopiclone - I haven't had one palpitation since I was put on zo
piclone. I then started sleeping every night from 12am-12pm. I was told to set an alarm which made it even better because I would then sleep from 12-2am by taking zopiclone to 10-10:30am, taking Vyvanse, going back to sleep and waking up half an hour later. I started taking 0.5mg of Xanax every evening to relax (I originally bought it so my doctor didn't have to give me Ativan refills for my dissociative psychedelic flashback panic attacks). The panic attacks are gone now but I was dependent on low dose Xanax - So my doctor prescribed Valium to taper. For the past 1-2 weeks, I've been staying up all night and sleeping in to about 12pm-2pm - I was prescribed 5x 15mg Restoril in case I couldn't sleep. It's been a mess. I have 3x Restoril left. I didn't take one last night but went to bed at around 5am with psychosis before taking one zopiclone and an Zyprexa. I plan on going to bed at around 4am tonight with a zopiclone and an Zyprexa. If that doesn't work, I'll take a Restoril - Then, most importantly, I'll wa
ke up at around 11am either way so I can sleep earlier tomorrow night. The only thing wrong with my sleep is that I can't START (Go to) sleep and I can't FINNISH (Wake up) sleep - So I stay asleep and always have a very good sleep when I'm sleeping - I don't wake up in the middle of the night."
175873624,Having mozzarella sticks for dinner
175873625,"Yeah mi can effect you in ways you dont think possible. You can have intelligence, but your brain says you have none. And, you cant make any good decisions."
175873626,Were you ever off meds before? Off an antipsychotic I mean.
175873627,I get Playboy Magazine for married men…it has the same Playboy Bunny Centerfold every month.
175873628,Black Coffee again.
175873629,"One of the new fun things I am trying is drawing with my pencils, scanning it in and running the image through the Prisma app to get neat effects. IMG_Tokyo_20190513_091654_processed.jpg 1179×1526 231 KB IMG_Gothic_20190513_091639_processed.jpg 1179×1526 191 KB IMG_Curly_Hair_20190513_091616_processed.jpg 1179×1526 171 KB IMG_Tokyo_20190415_202318_processed.jpg 1179×1526 191 KB IMG_Thota_Vaikuntam_20190415_202219_processed.jpg 1179×1526 258 KB"
175873630,"I actually am pretty excited to make this page and join this community, I haven't had an active social media account in a long time due to all the disinformation that floods these social media platforms. I look forward to using this platform to better myself and be a help to others."
175873631,"I have certain “Phrases” that i just have to say or they wont get out my head. Only when on my own tho. my Neighbour bless her heart, talks to herself all the time - its her way of organising her thoughts. You know what shes doing for the day - before shes told you lol."
175873632,man idk she seems keen she blew me a couple of emoji kisses but the number is from hong kong and she says she’s from the filipines but staying in Glasgow
175873633,Forcing meds on those who can prove they are not unwell is a violation of human rights. Doctors do not ask questions before removing you from your home if you have done anything unusual according to them. Getting upset about previously being stabbed is not even abnormal! Medicating everyone before observation It sure is not based on the comprehension of each case study. It is a broad stroke to prevent the minority from going down a dangerous path. Most schizophrenics are not a danger and they are basing the overall plan on those who are! Do they ever even doubt what they do or do they just persist like wardens of a prison?
175873634,I know the addiction well. Trying to quit myself but it ain’t easy.
175873635,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873636,Thank you so much. ?
175873637,"I’m I okay corneliod enough yet, or do you want spare some bans FOR MY PEOPLE! dAdDy DaY cAre!"
175873638,"Hmm. Being Dull. Being Like A Single Blade Of Grass On The Greenest Of Well Cured Lawns. Where No one Sees The Sparkle Of The Morning Dew. The Droplets From The Lazy Moon. Swiftly In The Morning The Tiniest Of Insects Laugh As The People Awake With Their Coffee’s And Watch The Warmth of The Sunlight Beam Through The Blinds. The Grass Smiles. Did You Know Dear Reader That:::~ When You Cut The Grass, It Recoils As It’s Being Cut. I.N.T.E.R.E.S.T.I.N.G, Indeed!. So Don’t Feel So Dull & Hurt. For Even Our Grass Feels Pain In The Heart. Something To Think About Indeed. . . . . . ."
175873639,"I informed my psychoanalyst that I can’t go tomorrow. I can’t communicate properly, and also I can’t drive in my situation now"
175873640,Haha I do this too ?
175873641,Hope she feels better soon!
175873642,That’s so cool! I’ve had numerous MRIs and CT scans done over the past 5 years but I’ve never been able to find the images my mom has the results I think
175873643,I don’t see how therapy can help treat negative symptoms? She’s fooling herself.
175873644,"His pain level is 9/10 on his stomach,it’s been two month.For the past month he has done numerous check up,blood test,screening,seen few different specialist doctor but still couldn’t find the problem.Tonight his pain is so extreme that he needed to be hospitalize…my uncle is a gastroenterologist and is having headache of what’s the problem of my father…I am feeling worried about him…to be honest,he has been a very good father towards me,even though stress at work has sometimes caused him to abuse me emotionally,but it’s only that period of time.Overall he has been a very very good,patient father…I am feeling sad,I hope he can recover and get well.I knew he can,because he will lived till the 80s,he is 58 this year."
174323201,"I’m thinking with delusional paranoia ,and the overwhelming need to avoid harm, a strike first mentality might come into play."
175873645,"The delusions, paranoia, and dissociation all go away but the voices remain. I can tune them out and keep them off with some concentration. There’s visual hallucinations too that usually accompany the voices but they can also be tuned out most of the time. It depends on my stress level."
175873646,"I spent 8 months in the hospital in 1981. I got out and moved into a group home and within a year they called me stable and I got a job. Things happened I moved around. In 1988, I started to relapse. Drugs might have played a part. I had a series of hospitalizations, none lasting more than four days though. Oh man, I was so miserable and I was a damn addict and I was getting kicked out of housing, and losing jobs and wrecking cars, and dodging the police. Anyways, my relapse was a long, lingering, 5 or 6 months. Eventually, I quit drugs and started slowly recovering. I got a new job and straightened out my life and started college again. But it took me about a year to recover. I think Karma is bull but it seemed that I suffered so much during this relapse that when I finally recovered my life just blossomed and so much good stuff happened. I think karma is bull but I think Zeus, _USER_ID_, and Hermes were instrumental in my recovery. I would sacrifice my sheep _NAME_ on the alter to thank them but 
my nights get lonely and a man has needs."
175873647,I used to hang around with some rough people But in my defense who else would do drugs with me at 3 am! I know gang member types who sold guns and drugs of course I’ve known murderers but I’m not aware of any specifics. I just wanted to sniff coke at 3 am and met some wild people. I only hang out with really nice people now
175873648,.
175873649,ok so what is the question?
175873650,I take 80 mg twice a day. Lots of side effects but it works.
174323204,"I’m 35 now, But my symptoms were present as long as I can remember. When I was your age I had pretty intense positive symptoms. I’m not sure if there are a lot of people your age on the forum, But a lot that have had psychosis/symptoms at your age."
175873651,Hilarious hahahaha I feel slightly bitter also hahaha. People are dumb. Art really can be anything though it’s just a matter of confidence and pretentiousness
175873652,"Thanks _PERSON_, you’re really sweet"
175873653,"Hey guys. I am having trouble thinking up a clever shirt for Adoption Day, which is right around the corner. I was thinking about “achievement unlocked: acquire a family” but we are already a family, so I don’t think it quite fits. I want it to have something to do with either video games or dungeons and dragons, and to be funny. Does anyone have suggestions?"
175873654,"Pls. Call and do that early, newtus!!! Mania no joke. Hugs!!"
175873655,Thank you for all the info…
175873656,Hi First of all welcome to the forum you will find good support here from others who can relate. I have taken both those medications and withdrawing from the Effexor was a nightmare so imo I would say it’s the Effexor that is causing you the problems but it sounds like you have a good reduction plan and you are almost there to stopping it. I found Lexapro to be a much better medication with less side effects than Effexor but it did take 2-4 weeks for things to settle down so I would say stick with it but remember I’m not a doctor so would advise you see your doctor regularly during this change over period so they can monitor your progress. Keep us posted. _PERSON_
175873657,Why are you afraid to talk to the doctor?
175873658,Happy to hear this Yeah there’s definitely good times and bad times.
175873659,mmmmm I want some…my aunt made me an avacado cheesecake one time…delicious…
174323207,has anyone replaced their antidepressant with _NAME_-e? What dosage did you use? I have read 1600-3200mg in one study is equivalent or superior to escitalapram for depression but one study said 800mg reduced aggression in schizophrenia but I think that was not replacing any antidepressants I’m not sure. Any experiences or thoughts? Please specify what dosage you were on and for how long?
174323209,"In a nutshell, the purpose of schizophrenia is the overthrow of the so-called “minimal self”. Only this push allows us to correctly address the challenges posed by the twin problems of solipsism and the existence of other minds. More on the minimal self: PubMed Central (PMC) Temporal structure of consciousness and minimal self in schizophrenia The concept of the minimal self refers to the consciousness of oneself as an immediate subject of experience. According to recent studies, disturbances of the minimal self may be a core feature of schizophrenia. They are emphasized in classical..."
175873660,I cant find the link now bit I read somewhere Amyloban is a 500:1 Lions Mane extract. Dont know if it’s true. That’s pretty insane if it is. Could be just one of those days but I definetly will.
175873661,That’s a scary coincidence.
175873662,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ I think you’ll be fine.
175873663,I´m usually glad to stay all day at home. Now i want to go out and i´m getting a little bit “claustrophobic” here
175873664,"No, I’ve only had case managers before. I’m not familiar with working with aides. I was a teachers aide for over 20 years, maybe that’s where the confusion exists."
175873665,How do you test 300.000 people?
175873666,Yeah they would.
175873667,Oh that’s so sad. Hugs
175873668,I take my meds every day too.
175873669,"Today I got Mr. Star to accompany me on a brief workout. I did not push myself to the absolute limit because my new trainer said that’s bad to do. She says it will make me less likely to stick with my routine, and more likely to give up entirely. We had fun! I also ate a bunch of strawberries because I don’t know about you, but I get midwinter fruit cravings like it’s nobody’s business!"
175873670,"I plan on it. I’m nervous to. I need to finish the program because it is really helping with my contamination ocd. I don’t want to have tension with them. But I guess there already is, so we should seek to resolve it. PS: You’re such a great listener!"
175873671,Here we should have 20-30cm of snow tomorrow morning.
175873672,_AT_MENTION_ I think a blender does about the same thing but you’d get the pulp
175873673,Whats the average weight of a male in America
175873674,Does he smoke? I wouldn't worry about it. The vast majority of people recover quite well.
175873675,"Hello cherrialodell It sounds to me like a very good thing! In order to get a reply from Inspire you would need to contact them directly. Just scroll to the bottom of any page to find |""contact us"" and go from there."
175873676,"Amyloban has a track record of efficacy. Antihistamines have antipsychotic properties as well, studied ones. This is just the tip of the iceberg. But some supplements can be dangerous yes."
175873677,"We've just had really strong wind. It's in the 60's temperature wise, but the wind makes it feel colder. I have on a short sleeved black tee shirt. A long sleeved blue tee shirt. A long sleeved blue hoodie."
175873678,Yes that is true however it is possible to learn these things and I feel I have a hard time reaning people
175873679,I didn’t believe a word he said and He didn’t believe a word I said. It was a stand off.
175873680,"I dunno some times our mind plays tricks on us. In my case it’s not as bad as what you describe, but that doesn’t make u a worse person than me in any way or anything but rather just your mind plays greater tricks on you."
175873681,I like your avatar pic lol.
175873682,Good early morning to whomever is up right now!
175873683,"image1470×828 546 KB I did this around 3am the word itself is made out of basically my thoughts written out. It didn’t exactly help and that’s okay I just liked it. Thought maybe others would too. I did something like this years ago. It was a picture of a mouth and I had written a personal story that correlated with the mouth made of words. Anyways, yeah maybe I’ll do this next time things aren’t too great. Maybe it’ll help more next time."
175873684,"Glad your phone bill was paid , and heard from your friend. A coke sounds good. Hope you have a nice evening"
175873685,"Hello again, Can anyone please provide their experiences with the generic and brand name lexapro. I have been on brand name lexapro several times before and thankfully it has always worked for me. From the things I’ve read I’m a little hesitant in trying out the generic version."
175873686,"Aggh, so my prolactin levels are up to 41, I am getting referred to an endocrinologist now. Good news is my other levels are normal."
174323214,"Negative symptoms have improved slightly. I struggle with cognition, especially with concentration and memory. But I’m doing better than when I was on Risperdal, Clopixol or Olanzapine. I am on 25mg"
175873687,"I'm having an issue with a coworker that I don't know how to solve. She is married to the General Manager so I can't go to him even though I am supposed to go to him for stuff like this but there's no way he is going to be unbiased. I would prefer just to go to the coworker and work things out but I've tried to do that before with this coworker and she gets really passive aggressive and makes my life a living hell. And since it's passive aggressive, it's hard to prove. So I talked to my parents, and my old boss who doesn't work here any more and my one coworker at work that I trust not to repeat it to anyone and I still couldn't decide what to do. So I ended up skyping the owner and I asked when she is coming to CA again. She's like IDK, you need me? I'm like yes I need you! So I told her a little about it without names or details. So she asked to call me so I said yes. I closed my door and talked softly and just let her know what was up. She's going to think about it. She says there's a few ways w
e could handle it. She told me not to worry. Ha! Too late. I'm so exhausted from the stress. It's just a little issue, but I know if I approach this coworker it is going to get blown way out of proportion and I'm going to have to deal with her wrath and I'm so not up for that. It's an example of a larger systemic issue we have at my workplace though. This kind of stuff happens all the time and not just to me. I explained that to the owner. I hope she gets it. Like come to CA and fix this crap! I try to stay low radar at my work and be low key but I don't like when people are passive aggressive and doing crap to me that they shouldn't be."
175873688,It is so hard to move out of a Syrian household. My grandparents were furious when I moved to another state and called every week for a year asking when I would realize I needed to come home.
175873689,Maybe my first was the worst because I crashed my car on purpose but I’ve had some bad ones
175873690,Phosphatidylserine at first is made from bovine but due to mad cow disease its banned. Now phosphatidylserine is available either from soy or from sunflower. Both good with different results. Soy version is stimulating while sunflower version bit sedating. Thus soy version if need to remain active while sunflower version if need to sleep. Both have its uses. If looking for cognitive benefits soy version is best. On the other hand if want more sleep benefits at night then sunflower version is best.
175873691,Congrats on the job. Yeah this is one of the reasons I’m quarantining with the bf...it definitely fills the time.
175873692,What dosage of sarcosine are you taking?
175873693,It is also a movie.
175873694,Good luck! 1515
175873695,You’ve been on this forum for a while and I don’t think you seem ‘so bad’. Just be honest with yourself… And you will be fine… Hopefully
174323218,I like my life. It’s a lot better than nothing. My attempt scared me straight. I don’t want to do anything like that ever again. I wasn’t sza yet when I attempted though.
175873696,I wanted to and started reading a uni calculus book. It was mind-boggling and extremely interesting. Unfortunately I lose interest in math too quickly to study it. I’ve always been very good in math. It’s a wasted talent.
175873697,I’d like to see the 8 specific disorders too. That would be so interesting
175873698,I slept 6 1/2 hours. Woke up once for about 5 minutes. Not too bad.
175873699,You are not a loser. Stop listening to your family.
175873700,"160 is pretty high, though I guess it could be worse. When I was diagnosed in 2011 my fasting blood sugar was 137."
175873701,"The real question that arises is how do you get rid of the notion of ghosts in the first place? If you can’t get rid of this notion through careful evaluation then adding to this belief is a double edged sword. On one hand the practice of smudging is a harmless ritual in itself and serves the purpose of banishing your personal demons and on the other serves to reinforce your ghost beliefs. I guess you can’t get rid of your belief in ghosts easily, so smudging seems like an easy alternative."
175873702,Hope you feel better soon!
175873703,"I have private insurance and we’re gonna have to fight for it once it’s out end of March. Medi-cal is like Medicaid right? Your doc is gonna have to do a whole lot of paperwork, and it’ll probably still be turned down. And if you have insurance, you can’t apply for patient assistance from the company. Your doctor knows what they have to fill out, get them started on it now, but don’t sign or date it until the med is on market. You cannot fill those papers out, the doctor has to."
175873704,"I didn’t pick any of them because none of them fit for me. I was never ambitious, but I’m trying to change that now. I want to be happy. I want to be a tattoo artist. I don’t think it is too unrealistic."
175873705,Much welcomes to the forum. Nice Metal Gear reference.
175873706,"Thank you, Pianogal! <3"
175873707,I miss my grandmothers Banana cream pies. They were the best pies I think I’ve ever had. She’s been gone for years though.
175873708,I agree with _AT_MENTION_ if it’s invega (paliperidone) it takes longer to get our your system. It has a week leeway (my psychiatrist said). I’ve gone for mine one week late before and I had no symptoms. You could probably even go longer. I’d take the advice of your social worker. She knows you better than us.
175873709,Thank you. I think everyone’s recovery should be celebrated. You did good creating a thread for it.
175873710,"Yeah, When zyprexa kicks in in an hour, i feel smashed. Its how The med work and it isnt something bad necceserly."
175873711,Some meds are safer than others for pregnancy and your doctor may wish to switch you to a different med.
175873712,"My voices are mostly positive, but any sexual tension seems to exacerbate them. I try to control my response to them and it seems to help at times."
174323210,Thank You so much! I just bought it. I hope it’s worth it.
175873713,I’ll be writing a book too “Memoir of a Geisha” hahaha ?
175873714,Thanks _NAME_
175873715,No. But I don’t want anyone to be able to sabotage me either
175873716,it’s good that you are patient… must take a lot to try that many APs for that many years and still not feel a lot of changes and then stay patient still =O
175873717,"When i was homeless - I had the local MIND charity as a “care of” address so i could still claim my benefits. But i was lucky. There is plenty of horror stories where homeless people without a MH problem in the UK dont even ID to open a bank account, because is was lost or stolen so they cant claim anything. Just watch one of the many “homeless uk” films on youtube."
175873718,"No I am not interested. I hate reading about people being killed and then reading about how the murderer was found to be mentally ill. Every time a story like that comes out, we take a step backwards in our fight against _USER_ID_."
175873719,Bullsh*t _AT_MENTION_
174323212,Routine works for me. I was on abilify for a couple of years and ended up going back to zyprexa. Just didn’t work for me but taking it same time everyday etc really does help. I think it’s pretty activating so maybe taking it early would help. Not too sure as we are all different but try to get some structure to your days…I’m on different meds but it really helps me no end!
175873720,Good vibes headed your way!
175873721,"This one gets a 5. Maybe I’m not in the mood for twang, and it sounds a little country-ish. Not a fan of the sound, BUT it got bumped from 4, because of the line, “you make it hard to leave you alone.” I’ve had those feels sometimes, too. Relatable. Solid 5. And _PERSON_ is a cool guy…"
175873722,"Do you mean you are allowed to make $24,000 through work before it affects disability? If I make a nickel, I’m screwed out of everything. Though this is disability insurance through work. A different situation, but very frustrating. I feel like I could be doing something, but the effect is too drastic to risk"
175873723,"I don’t know who you are so I haven’t ditched you or anything. I’m really sorry you’re struggling so much. I’m struggling too and not many people responded to my post about it either. Sometimes people miss things. Sometimes people just don’t know what to say. Sometimes they’re not feeling well enough themselves to help others. Regardless, I’m sorry I missed your post until now. I’m poor with kids too so I get the financial restraints. It’s so hard to deal with. Try doing things to take care of yourself like a hobby or a hot bath. I know it’s hard but it really helps. Even something simple like coloring helps distract you from your problems and relax you."
175873724,"hey _AT_MENTION_! Sht sorry, not trying to make concerning posts. I’m just lacking mindfulness. Yes, I’m back home. But the paranoia has been with me for over a year and I’m just saying it’ll probably never get better and I need to accept, grow, and move on."
175873725,I feel like this thread is directed at me
175873726,Injectable testosterone is the best form of testosterone. The others can cause side effects over time.
175873727,"I was on Latuda for a short time. I got off it because it seemed like I was angry the whole time I was on it. That could have been from coming off Geodon and Seroquel, though. I got back on my old med’s because they have worked well for me for a long time. If it ain’t broke don’t fix it."
175873728,"Since Marth 20th of this year, I have put nearly 200 hours into Animal Crossing: New Horizons"
175873729,"Going to the hospital sucks, but maybe they can help you?"
175873730,"Do any of you think that will be our savior for ADD with schizophrenia? ???? I cant clean or anything I wanna do that. I hate antipsychotics. Its taking too long and theirs no one to sue. Its like miserable I want to get forward again but I got a hanging gut I cant sell vitamins like that. I looked at the before and after video antipsychotics might as well be like taking pesticides in a medicine bottle. I want to start a company and its like im trying to do that with a cloudy ass brain. I used to have math, know HTML and photoshop. ???? maybe i should write a letter for schizophrenics to get paid more"
175873731,I’m also on 15 mg of Abilify. When I cut out coffee things got better. I think coffee and abilify are anxiety city together. This also helps a lot https://www.iherb.com/pr/Source-Naturals-Broccoli-Sprouts-Extract-250-mg-60-Tablets/2456 There’s research that says broccoli sprouts extract helps schizophrenia.
175873732,Yeah I think it does if you ask me very good job
175873733,"What worries me is I read somewhere people don’t feel sick for five days, but can still infect other people during this time … If people don’t feel sick they will live as normal and can spread it before even noticing …"
174323211,"My parents say that I am the best they have seen of me now since having sz 10 years ago. I made them happy, they were never happy of me before since I had sz, and I also think I am best now as negative symptoms arent everything, addictions were worse. I should think positively and not compare myself to who I was before sz."
175873734,A business school course?
175873735,"950,000 doctors in the United States versus 400 people in the NBA en.m.wikipedia.org Physicians in the United States Physicians in the United States are doctors who practice medicine for the human body. They are an important part of health care in the United States. The vast majority of physicians in the US have a Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree, though some have a DO or MBBS. The American College of Physicians, uses the term physician to describe specialists in internal medicine, while the American Medical Association uses the term physician to describe members of all specialties. Doctors may work independent..."
175873736,I like this thread! I’m happy with how I look to be honest. The cutest guy told me I was beautiful at a halloween party last saturday. I was stupid and didn’t cop a number. oh well. I know someone that might know him so I’m gonna do some snooping. I’ve been walking with friends a lot in the city and I noticed it helped with my anxiety getting some good ol exercise
175873737,"Yeah, I had hypersexuality. But on my 65th birthday, they fed me a cup cake that seems to take all that hypersexuality away."
175873738,_PERSON_ it was alright. We watched titanic as the highlight. And had amazing roasted potatoes. Today I went out with a friend and ate a lot of nice things. But this stops tomorrow hopefully. _PERSON_ ur family must really appreciate you for all the hard work u put in.
175873739,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873740,Lol I’d rather not get banned tbh but yes an interesting phenomenon to be so visually minded humans really are unique
175873741,"If you really want to be free of this addiction you need to tell your doctor you have a problem with them and go off them cold turkey. Maybe in a couple years you can take them again with no problems, But not any time in the near future. I know its hard, especially when you have the option to keep using and have the pills so readily available, but if its bothering you enough to type this, you’ve lost control and need it back."
175873742,"3:00 pm, I missed my group. Oh well, even god had to rest for one day and do absolutely nothing… I will finish creating the world next week"
175873743,"I can only imagine companies selling marijuana products with psychosis caution labels on them. If the tactic doesnt work with cigarettes, I’m sure it wont work with marijuana."
175873744,"I’ve taken that quiz, and it said I need to be tested. Which is why I’m really leaning towards getting tested (as I’ve taken several credible online Aspergers tests). I feel like this has really flown under the radar for me. I was really shy growing up, I did have some friends but that was only through sports, and then when I went to college, everything blew up in my face. I didn’t know how to socialize, nor did I want to socialize. I really struggled."
175873745,I dont know. do you function as a normal person? usually low functioning is an indicator of mental illness.
175873746,"it’s been 4 years since dx. though I had symptoms since early childhood that went unnoticed. I’m not sure if I’m hearing voices or not. does thinking make it harder to hear other stuff? or is that a sign it’s a voice? I’m really confused and scared. I just don’t grasp reality, I’m not if I ever have."
175873747,"alright thanks, will try."
175873748,"I cant use it though, I cant even work at mcdonald or volunteer."
175873749,"Latuda. For the first few weeks I had horrible nausea, and it slightly worsens my td. But other than that, it’s the best med I’ve been on. It doesn’t blunt my emotions, it doesn’t worsen my negatives, it helps the positives greatly, and it keeps me stable. I’m happier when I’m on Latuda than when I was on other meds."
175873750,I drink a few drinks most nights cause of this. I don’t know what to do. I’m considering asking my nurse for a referral to the drug and alcohol team. It’s a feeing of inner restlessness and when I looked it up it’s a symptom of schizophrenia. The alcohol calms it.
175873751,"I heard this by an older women possibly late 60s she said something about culling the weak or something along those lines i was appalled, she was in the fish monger and i just thought what an insincere privileged ?????, cant stand people like that, i just thought she wouldnt be saying that if it was her"
175873752,"I see my psychiatrist Thursday, and if he wants to admit me to the hospital then I’ll go. I want to handle this outpatient if I can."
175873753,Or the visual processing abnormality thread. Whatever you want to call it. I was wondering how many other people on here have problems with their vision. I always say it’s like i’m seeing things at a lower FPS. If anyone has any related articles or has experienced improvement in this area please post!
175873754,Definitely get it in the butt man - is miles less painful than the arm. Maybe ‘jag’ is a Scottish term? I mean I use jag and jab both
175873755,"Dont feel bad man. We all slip up and i wouldnt even call what youre doing a slip up, its just how you are coping rn. Idk. Hope you feel better soon and i really hope the pot doesnt make you feel worse."
175873756,"I just worked out on the treadmill. It was good. I realize I have to be an agent in my own recovery. Also Blue_Bird, we'd miss you a lot if you left!"
175873757,Have you got any statistic of user’s base in different countries.Sometimes I feel like it’s pretty USA site?
175873758,it seems to do that for me as well. it just slows down my thinking and I get a bit more rational. It doesnt sedate me though but i only take like 2mg
174323224,_AT_MENTION_ are these stuff helping or neutral…!!! sarcosine has linked to prostate cancer…?? _AT_MENTION_ is it helping …?? so hard to come to conclusion as my cognitive and english understanding skill are unfunctional…!!!
175873759,Too much. The list is long.
175873760,"Ppl with severe SZ cannot interact or be motivated in CBT therapy. They don’t benefit at all from CBT. Also therapy is very expensive, its 200-250$ a session here in Canada and its not covered by gov insurance, only by expensive private insurance. That’s why meds are more important and more used."
175873761,_PERSON_ and The _PERSON_
175873762,"When I do take Ibuprofen, I take it with food to protect my stomach. My doc said all I need to protect my stomach is a couple crackers."
175873763,I can kind of see it going this way for me too. I don’t like feeling trapped and warm.
175873764,"Does he have any close, supportive friends?"
175873765,I have paranoid sz as well. The two are not mutually exclusive.
175873766,I bought this toile top and pants to go with it at local Target. image1400×1400 392 KB
175873767,"I don’t like meat so much anymore, but I’m not morally against it. Just health reasons I think. Maybe you’re low on iron or protein."
175873768,Copper pills are pretty stimulating. Copper enhances the thyroid hormones. _AT_MENTION_ try 2-3mg of copper with food. I even took 9mg when I was really tired. 10mg is the recommended maximum.
175873769,Say hello in a lunch area. Ask their name. Shake a hand. I’m sure you will find something in common.
175873770,"This show is my first solo show separate from my clubhouse, some chilled songs and a bit of chit chat, hope you enjoy…"
174323226,I am not surprised about this at all since homocysteine is a key marker of inflammation!
175873771,Are you able to record what they are doing? Like audio? Then you could show the building manager and catch them. If you want to win you need hard evidence. I had a really terrible roommate that I collected evidence on for several months before I met with my landlord and we got him evicted. Now I interview any new potential roommates thank goodness
175873772,"I have learned that it is hateful and only think of commenting, now. Do you tell a friend you don’t like his work of art. Would you buy it anyway. There is a limit."
175873773,That’s really sad. I’m happy for cooler days.
175873774,about internet cyber world people
175873775,"Ummm life without Psychosis?? Life without antipsyhotic?? Yes please…,!"
175873776,"Yeah, share and share alike. Positive, honest answer on your part. It is better that way."
175873777,Hell. But I’ll be back in the morning.
175873778,"That’s already in my vape juice, it doesn’t help. Ashwagandha can cause psychosis just like ginseng."
174323228,Your best bet is to look for research studies where people with schizophrenia get MRIs to note brain differences.
175873779,"i had genetically high cholesterol and they gave me statins. The statins gave me leg pain. I now take plant sterols 800mg, 3 times a day. That does the trick and no side effects. "" Plant sterols are compounds that help block your body from absorbing cholesterol. While plant sterols help lower LDL cholesterol, they don’t appear to affect your levels of HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. One Canadian study concluded that plant sterols are the most effective natural treatments for high cholesterol."" Healthline Cholesterol Control: Statins vs. Plant Sterols When it comes to high cholesterol treatment, which is a better choice: statins or plant sterols? Compare their effectiveness, side effects, and more."
175873780,Sounds bad. What aps?
175873781,"Glad I brought my water thermos with me when I went, it was so hot and it's a 15 minute walk both there and back carrying my laundry. Plus the laundromat isn't air conditioned. I drank the whole thing"
175873782,_AT_MENTION_ the secret is to get a digital foodsafe thermometer.
175873783,Yeah I’ll be alright. Can’t catch a break from my mind.
175873784,"I was almost getting an episode, but I got out of it. I suffered my butt off though."
175873785,"That’s for SSI, not SSDI"
175873786,how come noturdums perdicted future events in the 1500s
175873787,Just got a work email this morning. Many people are working from home. No groups or meetings will be held. And since many people have kids who will be home...idk who will even be there. Amongst like 10 other rules they have set forth for now. I wish I could work from home.
174323227,"I think so yeah. Abilify, Rexulti and Vraylar are different from other meds, they regulate dopamine. I was smoking weed while on Abilify and had psychosis. I was hearing voices, not sure if its the weed or Abilify, maybe the weed."
175873788,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175873789,I will get out of the psych ward next Wednesday
175873790,I just watched a video of these adorable _NAME_ puppies and now I feel great!
175873791,I met my client today! She was a little reluctant at first but she is really motivated. She says she wants to move quicker out of the group home system by proving how high functioning she is to the staff. She readily agreed to go to support group and the art museum with me. I might let her use my computer next Tuesday. I recommended her to buy Amyloban 3399 since she also has schizophrenia. She is not a difficult client at all. Maybe I’ll recommend to her my paid gig after a few months of good behavior. Next thing I’d like to do is go back to tutoring. I feel like I moved from level 1 to level 2 on “game of life.”
174323241,I would say you don’t have sz.
175873792,Ditto _PHONE_NO_
175873793,I bought a good amount of toilet paper around the time coronavirus hit.
175873794,"Me- I let myself me intimidated by cops more than once. Geez, they just make me want to kill them. I should not let them bother me but I do think some of them will go out of their way to misbehave about me. One followed me for miles, another, I think, trespassed and stole from my apartment. They learn their tricks form the criminals they come across. Very frustrating."
175873795,"How about a rose, with the Thorns still on it. To me it is strength and beauty United"
175873796,I don’t know about it being a Delusion but how do I cope with it i’m on a ward at the moment and the Nursing Office is next to a tv I can’t stand being around it and the staff don’t believe me
175873797,No. I was just happy to be able to use the bathroom without a nurse opening the door and I was happy to get a hot shower after nearly two weeks of the lukewarm push the button showers. -S
174323230,I have schizoaffective disorder bipolar type. I really don’t know what the difference is.
175873798,"I have two dogs, a large Bernese Mountain dog named Hope and a mixed breed rescue named _NAME_. Hope is twelve. Most Bernese Mountain dogs live to eight to ten years. She is still kicking it. The rescue, _NAME_, is two years old so she still has a lot of puppy in her. My family encouraged me to get a second dog so when I lose Hope (Heaven help me), I will have another dog I can still love on. Though I do not want kids, I am a proud pet parent of my girls. I love dogs. Maybe you love cats or ferrets or fish or guinea pigs – all excellent choices. Whatever makes you happy is the point. Having a pet that you love and you believe loves you back is great for those of us that live with bipolar disorder. Not everyone has a good support system, but a pet’s love is unconditional. My babies do not hold it against me when I am manically irritable. I have been known to stand in the kitchen slamming drinking glasses on the floor. They watch me with a puzzled look, but when I am done and clean up my mess, li
fe goes back to normal. *Here are some things that having a pet can do for us: The companionship an animal offers can relieve anxiety and stress. Pets are a great motivator for people. Dogs may encourage an owner to get exercise through play and walks or jogs. As we know, exercise is a great way to fight depression. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2019/09/27/how-your-pet-can-help-your-bipolar-disorder/"
175873799,"Good things have been happening to me, but I’ve been walking to the liquor store and drinking as if I had the most miserable life on earth. I don’t know why I’m doing this other than I’m just an alcoholic."
175873800,"Honestly, I dont really understand how the meds work all for some people, because they never did anything for me except make me feel sick, sleep or have bad reactions. ADs worked a little for me I guess. Some people do lie though and say they work, im sure of that. Sometimes you have to. Like, im concerned if i dont say I took the meds and lived happilly ever after I might get banned here."
175873801,"I become psychotic, homicidal and suicidal. I threaten ppl online and get in trouble with the cops etc"
175873802,"I was so tense about it, my jaw was stiff."
175873803,I feel so relieved that I went and saw and talked to my therapist For 3 weeks now I've convinced myself that my therapy is over and he wants to terminate me I've been communicating with an entity that claims is my T . He has told me a lot of awful things and I guess I believed it But none of it was true ........ I put my medication back at the full dose. I was trying an experiment with half the dose but it obviously didnt work out . _PERSON_ said there can be a middle ground between psychosis and depression. I hope hes right .
175873804,"we have the proof that aliens exist i think its just hidden by the government, but its possible they might tell the truth soon about it, it could happen"
175873805,"I’m single by choice now, but before it was circumstance. Right now I don’t have the energy to bring anything to a relationship."
175873806,Sounds good. Hope it goes well for you.
175873807,"I am still confused guys. Do doctors see it like this? If so, why do they say 25% of people recover. Have they just got it all wrong do you think?"
175873808,Bump _PHONE_NO_
175873809,"In high school when we wanted to put someone down or get rid of them we would say, “Why don’t you go take a long walk on a short pier?”"
175873810,Tw Meds kill my boner during real sex and make it really hard to reach orgasm. I can use sex pills for that. Hopefully my new doc will give me em if I asked. I’m ok without it tho it doesn’t torture my mind as I don’t care much about sexual interests except porn at this point at least. Maybe it’d change with the right woman. I think the meds lowered my sex drive in general
175873811,"Thanks, yeah I take EPA fish oil. I wonder if I should take some with the DHA as well. Also I mentioned to new doc that I needed to be evaluated for ADHD. She did, and so I guess the result of that is that I do have ADHD symptoms, though I don't know if a stimulant would help or not."
175873812,"Yes, I am sedated too. Sorry, but it comes with the territory. You’ll have to push through it like we all do."
175873813,Glad it’s working so far!
175873814,Mountainous abstract IMG_20200714_1053163840×5120 5.08 MB
175873815,I saw her last week I think.
175873816,That’s great I’m glad you’re doing something you enjoy
175873817,"In the UK, we have a number to call for non emergency queries. Even on a Saturday. Do you have one where you live. It will probably be fine if you skip it one day though."
175873818,I wish I had made more efforts to let go of bitterness and resentment. I feel like those negative emotions ate up a lot of my life before I learned to deal with them better.
175873819,It’s not something weird like gout? Have a look online. Went through some serious pain before I figured that one out. Pills make it a non issue.
175873820,Best of luck with the pdoc. I hope they can provide you with some insight.
175873821,"I was just a B, C, and D student in school. My grade point average was 2.78. A 2.5 was the minimum to get into college. I went a year then dropped out. My sister was the honors student with straight A’s."
174323232,"Been lurking around here for the past few days and I just wanted to ask everyone a few questions, but first, a brief intro. Might do a full one later. Self-diagnosed myself with sz when I was 16. I’m 36 now. Symptoms appeared when I was 15 but for the first year I was just scared and frightened and didn’t know what was happening. One day I just decided to google my symptoms and that’s when I found out about sz. I have never seen a doctor regarding it, so I’ve never taken meds (more on this in a full intro someday). Once in a while when I’m in a rut I’ll look into sz. I’ll do a broad search. I’ll literally just type out schizophrenia into google and just go from there. I do it because I want to read or watch videos on other people’s experiences and I guess what I hope to get out of it is reassurance that things can be better. My research this time has had me more interested in thought broadcasting. I experience that symptom as well as many others (once again, may go over it all in 
another post), but I have never seen anyone talk about visual broadcasting. In fact, when doing a google search for “visual broadcasting schizophrenia”, not a whole lot comes up. Only the first result is interesting. It’s about a man who didn’t bathe because images of his naked body were being transmitted to and seen by others. The basis for this belief was an experience during which he became aware of his own visual perceptions diffusing out of his head, so that whatever he saw was simultaneously seen by millions of other people. The experience was not confined to occur during bathing, but the patient was most embarrassed in that situation, hence the symptom became apparent. I have had this since the beginning. This coupled with thought broadcasting have been with me since the beginning. Sure I’ve had other symptoms, but a lot of them have either gone away, or aren’t as intense as it was when I was 15. But visual broadcasting and thought broadcasting have always been the most difficult for me. Fi
nally, my questions; has anyone else experienced this symptom? Is visual broadcasting just thrown in with thought broadcasting for the most part? To the people who experience thought broadcasting, do you just assume if people can hear your thoughts, they can see your thoughts too? I also have an idea that people can see what I see. Which I guess falls inline with visual broadcasting because you’re in a way thinking about what you’re seeing. Anyway, please share your experiences."
175873822,"okay, i hope i didnt screw up the healing process. im worried."
175873823,"It should be really safe. The doctor is not dangerous, he will not physically attack you of course and he won’t verbally attack you either. He’s paid to be professional, empathetic and easy to talk to. You don’t have to reveal every embarrassing moment in your life. You’ll be alright, you’ll just be sitting there having a conversation."
175873824,"So I once talked to a clin psych and she told me I might have this thing that’s slightly less than ptsd....cannot remember the name but basically it’s like you don’t forget things the way some people do, they sort of continually repopulate your memory, not flashbacks but in a way it’s like reliving a trauma. So I have things like that in my life, losing the ability to walk(temporarily) at twelve, my psychosis like almost ten years ago. It just doesn’t dissipate even if it’s been processed and dealt with. Just wondering if you’ve gone through your hospital experience with someone like a T?"
175873825,Yeah he put me at 7.5mg and only take it when I need it .
175873826,"Yes. I am very worried. I want you to be healthy and safe. Well, I thought I was, but you and _AT_MENTION_ are angry with me, so I suppose not. I was trying to convince you to look deeper into your husband’s motives, not decimate your family. It’s not about the food. _AT_MENTION_ said that he did it to be spiteful, to tempt _PERSON_ into giving in to her unhealthy eating behaviors. Now I am worried that such behavior will escalate."
174323234,"I believe that I can figure out negative symptoms. That's what I'm focused on. There is a way to do it based on many things. I realize that when I'm around people, I have motivation to do things with people. I also realize that I'm able to do a job when I'm paid money especially if cameras are watching me. To get thought, I have to improvise but if I've done that, I can use what is improvised without help from someone. Someone to guide me is good but only I know what I want. I need to allow myself to be bored and not care about judgement from other people and society, holding onto that very slightly. People realize that they're in a rut but I haven't even gotten to the point of being in a rut yet. I have to get to that point, while doing things that benefit me in the future as everything seems meaningless at the start. So going in blindly is what everyone does and the finish point always changes once you realize that you want to do something else. I've been watching videos on how to draw and readin
g about it. I'd love to make psychedelic art and then draw anything I want and make relate meaning like always and put it on paper. Psychedelics are getting me out of this mess when psychosis didn't because what I had was more like a meth psychosis.. Paranoia of police taking me away and the government tracking my every move.. How can that be good for anyone? Life experience is the main thing that can improve people's lives and it's harder now that everyone is stuck inside, eating, sleeping, using their devices.. The meaning is life. It's not to find meaning as we are one with the meaning. You can say it's all meaningless but that still MEANS meaning. I plan on reading and I've bought a few books and had some given to me but I've been doing so many things shortly when in the past I'd just sleep and listen to music, eat, work meaningless jobs, neglect my school, friends, ego and life in general. I've been listening to podcasts which is the good thing about information that I'm absorbing. I would love to find t
he cure to negative symptoms by finding a code of doing specific things like how there's ways to make millions of dollars - we just don't know how. Then I'd write a book about how I did it. I want to take classes that other people would find meaningless and do things that are interesting which other people would find meaningless like taking a variety of classes which includes art classes, learning languages, english, math, physics, sciences, etc and just open my mind to all the possibilities. I mainly need to stop stressing and being depressed about my lack of confidence and my flaws. Meditating, exercising, eating well, prioritizing my time to the good things and music helps too like writing songs, poems, etc.. Some type of psychedelic intervention. I am not a lost soul. I know the secrets to the universe and many people walk around aimlessly trying to find happiness and pleasure. I argue with people but that's the worst thing. They don't understand the mass of identity that makes up my mind, only bits and p
ieces. That is truly what is meaningless, only to manipulate emotion by not looking at the whole picture and instead piecing puzzles together of very little strings of information. The information codes need to be much bigger than that, to result in the opposite."
175873827,What would you like me to draw next? Let me know.
175873828,"I’m just getting over covid — take it seriously but not to an extreme, worst part is that it’s so hard to breathe, get a jug of cold water and place it by your bed, turn on a movie or video game, expect some diarrhea, but take it slow – there is really no other way but to essentially ride out the storm … I missed Christmas and Thanksgiving but hey, I’m alive, I’m thankful I only had a mild infection — after it’s done I can imagine it like a spring day, nice n fresh"
175873829,"yes, I am stopping meds"
175873830,We live in a highly sensitive world now due to the overflow of information and opinion. Thats my guess anyway
175873831,Have you gave up on drugs
175873832,Usually supplements are a waste for schizophrenia and psychotic disorders. It really is the placebo effect. _AT_MENTION_ is spot on.
175873833,I’ve been symptom free for like more then half a year now tho and been taking them over a year I can try cbt and I can tell if I’m having delusions
175873834,I guess I knew I was getting diarrhea each day but I didn’t care because naltrexone is saving my life. I’m gonna mention it to my doctor. But a side effect of naltrexone is “diarrhea similar to those withdrawing from opiates”. I’ve never taken opiates but I might have if it weren’t for naltrexone This side effect seems worth it so far but what about the rest of my life??
175873835,i already tried amantadine 15 years ago it worked but at the end almost caused a psychosis
175873836,"I felt it in the beginning, right after being hospitalized. Today I deal okay with people, but sometimes I may think someone is laughing or talking about me. I remember once I was talking to my classroom at college and a guy laughed behind me and I thought it was about me. I questioned this thought and I realized that I couldn’t know if he was laughing at me or not. And if he did, I don’t care. Looking from a psychological perspective, being worried about what other people think about you may have connection to guilt, shame and anxiety, but I don’t know in what degree it’s considered paranoia."
175873837,mask1920×1080 772 KB
175873838,At least 40 times if not more. I’ve actually lost count a long time ago and I really have no idea. I haven’t been hospitalized in the last 6 years.
175873839,"maybe with a professional it might be easier, a pdoc or something."
175873840,"I think I am a step closer to being free because I just need to see: Reality. letting go, let it be. I’m Ok (I think), I’m just me even if some people, disagree: hopefully that wont make me feel lost at sea. that I don’t know, with certainty. so that’s my vulnerability. Is removing that a possibility? maybe, maybe not… but don’t ask me!"
175873841,Negative but college and university were perfect.
175873842,Hope everyone is well today It’s raining here
175873843,"I can partly relate to being nervous and having stomach issues too, but that doesn’t explain the communication between me and the voices."
175873844,I’m sorry you’re afraid you’re going to die. I think it’s really healthy to journal and vlog your thoughts and emotions. I hope it helps.
175873845,I was on 1000 mg of seroquel for thirteen years. It physically damaged me permanently. I never realized what a bad doctor I had until it was too late.
175873846,Of course not the same. There are alternatives to benzos that are tranquilizers. I take two pills that contain antipsychotic and are prescribed for anxiety and agitation
175873847,That's really cool 2020 fashion lol
175873848,_AT_MENTION_ I’m so sorry for your loss. My heart goes out to you.
174323245,"I now remember I have these inattention spells from a long time ago. When I recall study topics I can only get information in small small chunks or in impulses due to this inattention spells. At first it not able to completely disrupt working memory but over time it able to cause complete blackouts. This might be reason I started to get OCD behaviors as these inattention spells create doubts which makes me to repeat activity just like in OCD. This kind of inattention spell is the first symptom I noticed. Anhedonia, OCD, depression, apathy, blunted affect, flat affect all products of this inattention issue."
175873849,That is great news. Good for you.
175873850,Well that’s how I feel often I dont get taken seriously often even by professionals however I trust them because I know where this lack of trust comes from
175873851,Thanks _PERSON_
175873852,"i think my ideal number of friends is 3. so i need to make a couple more so im not dependent on just 1 friend to hang out. but the more time i spend alone, the more comfortable i get with it. if i got out more i would try to strike up a couple friendships, but im not a needy friend anymore, needing lots of attention, in fact i get overwhelmed socially in about an hour or two. my one friend always overstays his welcome, when i go over to his place, im in and out in about a hour. i struggle to stay longer than that, and he is cool with that."
175873853,I need help no one believes me that this guy and his girlfriend are stalking me. I moved 1400 miles away to a very small town that my family is from and they showed up here. It's so scary they sneak around my home at night. They sound like they are talking all around my home sometimes and I've seen them from a distance even but bcuz of my mental illnesses people just keep saying I'm wrong its not them. It's to intentional if they are here my town has no link to them at all and literally only 1000 people live here. I'm starting to wonder if my family knows they are here and are trying to make it seem like they are not. These people are horrible people that lie to everyone about me and they know nothing about me. They are real people and I have contacted the local sheriff about them and before that I contacted the police about them stalking me in the city I use to live in. How do I convince people to believe me it is really starting to effect my health.
175873854,"I am trying to behave myself with meds now, so I will make a note of this, and make this precise challenge to my doctor. Pregabalin has been a life saver for me quite literally, but if there is a more natural way to achieve the same end I am interested!"
175873855,Anti depressant has helped me
175873856,Idk if I’m crazy but I plan on doing something that’ll be life changing and well stupid for myself and stuff but idc I hope it happens.
175873857,Every time I go out in public people are taunting me and I just met my granny a few years ago because I just met my birth father a few years ago(long story) and she is talking about how I’m on camera. I cant find a camera anywhere. How is this even possible? Where could a camera be implanted?
175873858,Here is typically 3 to 7 days.
175873859,Antipsychotic I’ll miss every now and then no drama’s. I’m on a boatfull of effexor antidepressant. I miss that and I’m in a bad day by lunchtime! It’s not weird. It’s these meds and how they affect us. If it was easy then we’d all take the same pills and it’d be done. It’s complex because we only know half the story. That is what’s weird!
175873860,Yeah! That's a big step for you right now!
175873861,"Yeah, I have CPTSD as well. It’s really hard to trust anyone these days."
175873862,I just don’t care anymore god also created me in his image every human is worth the same if your sibling doesn’t understand that maybe he should seek help
175873863,Thanks to both of you _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_. Being physically sick sure affects my mental illness.
175873864,"With the gang stalking delusion, that was one of my first delusions by the way, or at least it was similar, it’ll eventually get better I believe"
175873865,Wow. Very cool and well done to you _AT_MENTION_ . So glad you got to the finish and pat on the back for putting in the effort to get it done.
175873866,Bloody brilliant!
175873867,"I don’t mean this in a mean way, but it ain’t the end of the world. I’ll tell you what my therapist told me when I told her I was scared to go in the hospital: She told me, “Don’t make a huge deal about it and blow it out of proportion. You go in and then you come out.” That kind of sums it up. Don’t fight it. The hospital ain’t fun but it’s survivable. I found the hospital ain’t terrible; in fact the biggest problem is it will be boring."
175873868,My vote is yes pls call your dr
175873869,"May I ask you, how long have you had SZ?"
175873870,"HI _NAME_, The insurance company and some doctors say that 100mg is as good as it gets. That 150 (which I want) is no better than 100. I disagree. But am feeling okay at the moment. A big problem is they pay by the pill. They say that they will only pay for one pill. The 100mg cost the same as the 50mg for them, so they don't mind the 100. But in order to get 150 you need 3 50mg pills. They wont give you a 100mg and a 50mg. To them that would be two different prescriptions. So that is that. I have been feeling okay as far as the depression goes. The anxiety has been higher as I am sure it has for many. Thanks for asking _NAME_. I hope you have a good day. JD8505, I sure hope you are starting to feel better. The bronchitis meds should be starting to do their job. I am sorry you are going through this at this time. It is so hot outside. 94 here today. Yesterday it was suppose to be in the 70s and I was going to bake but it was 84. Too hot for baking. Though I have done it before. As long as it doesn'
t take a real long time. I am glad your antidepressants and anxiety meds are doing okay. At least I think that is what you said, though maybe you said anxiety high. I know you said stress level was high. Keep hanging in there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
174323238,"Childhood trauma is a well-known risk factor, yes, but adulthood trauma not so much. Also, and especially with childhood trauma, there is not a clear separation between environmental effects and genetic effects, due to gene-environment correlations and interactions."
175873871,"My doctor appointment went okay yesterday. She was actually there in person so I got to see her which was kind of nice. Or her eyes anyway. We both had masks on. She had mask and goggles. Of course my BP behaved at the doctor's office so she didn't want to believe me that it has been going up even though I took her a paper with my BP stats on it that showed that most days it was high. I told her that when I tried to give platelets that I couldn't because my iron was low and how they had also said my BP was high. She got on me for not bringing in my blood pressure cuff so they could test it but I didn't know I was supposed to so I felt that was uncalled for. She was going on about how I needed a Possible trigger: pap smear even though before she said I didn't need one because I don't have sex, I'm a virgin. And I couldn't do it yesterday because it was that time of the month. she was saying that the insurance has been on her case because she hasn't done it. I was like who cares? Who is in charge of 
my health? Me. Who advises me? You. Who cares what the insurance says? But I didn't say that. I just thought it loudly. So she said to be prepared for next time. She got on me for not doing my labs even though my labs are not due until April. She eventually saw that and said I was right. She didn't ask me about my mental health which kind of made me mad but she did check my heart, lungs, ankles, and my asthma. She was preoccupied by another patient after me, even stopping my exam to talk to the nurse about that patient. I sort of felt like I didn't get my $30 worth. But she did give me medicine for the BP. She said not to take it if it was normal or near normal (duh). It was high today so I took it and now I have a headache. I don't get headaches. I get migraines but not headaches and I looked it up and its a side effect of the medication. Bleh. But at least it went okay. I guess."
175873872,Do you prefer older med or newer med?
175873873,"Yes, I missed my morning ones yesterday and it kind of threw me off"
175873874,"Whatever you want is up to you. If you just want a friend start talking to someone you like. If you want a date someone there, then be friendly and get to know her and see if you click and ask her out to coffee or lunch. If all you want is sex than that’s a different story. There’s always competition for that and women usually spot this type a mile away. It doesn’t mean you don’t have a chance but to me all the effort it takes ain’t worth it."
175873875,It’s been three years for me . How long have you gone without a relapse or hospitalization?
175873876,Symptoms improved for me but not 100%. I like to say I’m recovered but not completely.
175873877,If they are doing then its fine but some doctors not do it and in that case we need to mention our concern to them.
174323242,I think you’d be better making it. It’s 46 years since I studied any foreign languages !
175873878,I will gladly bring you coffee
175873879,Feel better _AT_MENTION_!
175873880,I just…I don’t…Ok so you schedule your depression? And what is being salad?
175873881,"Just throwing it in there, I also got my degree high off my ass and unmedicated. People do it all the time. I have a nurse friend going to school to become a NP, She smokes everyday too."
175873882,who who its on d way who who
175873883,I am trying latuda right now and I don’t think I gained any weight on this medication. Although I think it is a little weaker for positive symptoms. I am on 80mg and I think I might try 100mg. I was still hearing things at 60mg. Maybe another one worth a try. Haven’t gotten any akathisia but I am worried about getting that. I had to quit drinking on this med and that has good for me.
175873884,"I’m a girl. I hope to pitch in and help more when I see trouble, my own or other’s. There are a lot of people out there who’d rather see me be helpless for their own sadistic reason. I hope to ignore them."
175873885,"I think your rest is important, ask your medical team."
175873886,"Damn, you live in Iran or North Korea or something? What’s the penalty for jaywalking, 25 years to life?"
175873887,"thanks, i think i’m just going to delete it, no point messing about if she is in Hong Kong, i think i’ll just delete her number I’m fooling myself if i think i can pull such a good looking girl anyway, man i wish my last gf could have worked out i still dont really know what i did wrong with that bc i was treating her ok, she wasnt giving anything to the relationship so it was all me its pretty crappy"
175873888,"I just don’t want anyone in my brain, that’s too much to handle."
175873889,Not for me. I’m on Latuda and Seroquel
175873890,I feel tired and lethargic all the time. I sometimes have to take naps during the day and evening hours.
174323244,"The thing is that SZ itself causes social isolation and many other issues. Its not social isolation that causes SZ. _PERSON_, genetics are too powerful and we can’t control them yet. _PERSON_ was killing schizophrenics because he said their genes can’t be repaired. Well I am sure one day we will have better SZ medications."
175873891,"Life doesn't have to have a grand meaning really. Just finding things you like to do is enough to get you by. But I get it, executive dysfunction has me messed up more lately. I hope you feel better."
175873892,I’m excited too about our posthuman future.
175873893,"yes i guess, I have psychosis not otherwise specified (non organic)"
175873894,What are you feeling careless about. I’ve been careless with my diet today and I feel guilty. I might be able to make up for it
175873895,Congrats take a step at a time
175873896,"Exercising is next on my list of things to incorporate in my daily routine! It is funny how it works, usually it takes me a week or 2 of building up the nerve and planning to do it but failing to actually do it. Then I get a sudden breakthrough and do it. And if I can make myself keep doing whatever it is I can make it a habit and it becomes easy to do."
175873897,"Yes, you are, and you have been on this site. Repeatedly."
175873898,"Then read erotic/porn books and don’t do visual porn. Problem solved. It is like an over eater or a bulimic with a food fixation. They cannot give up their drug because you have to eat food; like the sex drive it is a thing that has to be satisfied as a necessity, unlike a hard drug which can be abstained from entirely. As it is a necessity, eat a healthy diet (read a porn book) because you know ‘eating’ is vital but you can do it without feeling the need to purge or kill yourself after."
175873899,"some CF’ers are like that too, don’t want anyone to know. But my daughter told her whole class in 1st grade. I don’t believe there was bullying. I was blessed with a great teacher in jr. high who used to tell all of us, Dare To Be Different. I’ve never forgotten it. I tell everyone, and when it gets bad on Facebook, I take it out on my punching bag. did fight it once on a job though, went to higher ups, This guy is harassing me because of my mental illness. They did nothing, so I quit. It’s up to you, everyone handles it differently, but typically it’s one or maybe two ass-holes."
175873900,Like what ?
174323246,From hearing voices and delusional beliefs
175873901,what kinda racing thoughts?
175873902,maybe you are alone too much _AT_MENTION_
175873903,"I have many ‘friends’ but don’t see them regularly, right now I’m looking for girlfriends (female friends) as they seem to be more mature and comprehensive, I have fun with my male friends but I kinda don’t need them too much, right now I need that girl contact lol Having this girl friend I found lately really makes me see things different, it’s very important, also I talk about girls I like to her and sing love songs as practice"
175873904,"This thread is what is known as a “zombie thread”. It should be locked by now due to aging out. We prefer it here if people make new threads instead of re-upping old ones, especially if the threads are old."
175873905,i thought about it yea… i think i will do that eventually. But i thought about that yea. My brother in law vapes and i think it could be good.
175873906,"Yes, i feel good"
175873907,OMG yes i love egg nog. so good i drink a whole bottle i buy so much of it.
175873908,My positive thread?
175873909,I felt the need to explain to her why I have been off sick for a few weeks. I said I wasn’t feeling well and I got a bit paranoid so I felt it wasn’t fair for anyone for me to be there… Is that bad to say?
175873910,I’m the same
175873911,"_NAME_ had been off his meds because he lost the bottle for 4 days. _NAME_ however was only half heartedly looking for the bottle because in spite of aching muscles, headaches, hot and cold flashes, and a short temper his 30 trips to the bathroom had caused him to lose weight nicely. Suddenly an old sound appeared in his head as a voice yelled “Oh crap you lost your pills. Now let’s talk about that night in Tunisia.” He found the bottle in record time and took a pill."
175873912,Thankyou very much Wave xD
175873913,I’m just worried I’m being punished for past attention-seeking behavior. I don’t know if I really have this illness or I made up things in the past and can’t tell anymore.
175873914,"They probably didn’t come at all. Lazy workers will often say that. Time flows differently depending on how you stay occupied. If you idle away a lot, it will trudge very slowly. If you sleep profoundly, it goes in an instant. If you get engrossed in pleasant activities, it quickly flies by. Some funny guy discussing _PERSON_’s theory once said: “Time is indeed relative. It all depends on which side of the restroom door you are on.”"
175873915,"I took my Rx, & will try to take my supplements later."
175873916,How far did these experiences go? Did you see a tunnel and all that?
175873917,I’m scared to keep a long term relationship with my voices. They tend to go evil. So therefore I turn to the aps. But if I do have voices whilst on meds in my head I think resisting them is a lot of energy. I would listen to them and if they bother me I’d be assertive. I’ve never ignored my voices before cos I was scared of the consequences. Idk maybe I need to give ignoring a chance if there’s a next time to see if it quietens the voices. But only after I’ve made it clear to them that I need time off from their chit chatting in order to not go insane
175873918,"I think some people believe there is just one big mid life crisis, for me there are many random crisis’s through out life and it’s part of life, change it up, or don’t the choice is yours."
175873919,"Here where I live, psychiatrists are scarce. You’re lucky if you have one, and have to live with the one you got."
175873920,"When I have to work in a group, I tend to either end up in charge, or I watch the ship sink while getting neurotic about my grade and how my capabilities will look. Even if it didn't require unnecessary interactions and small talk; the extra stress of having to coordinate people, plan a project while taking everyone into account, making them feel heard, and incorporating their ideas into my preconceived vision of how things should be, makes it all the more unpleasant - and I'm not the ""in charge"" type unless I have to be anyways Not only that, but if I'm in a group with say 3 other people; 2 who are happy with 'C' as a grade, 1 who averages 'B' grades and I expect an 'A', then I have to make up for their lack if I want to keep my grade - and I have to trust they'll do their work. I don't see how it's reasonable. Seems punishing to those who want to do well, tbh Even if it's a level playing field, I don't like not being able to act on my inspirations, and I'm obsessive about certain things, and I 
like them played out to the end. What's worse, is when you get a domineering and condescending individual who is 'C' grade or low 'B' and doesn't understand what the task is, and writes you off as stupid and you sit by, watching them make mistakes and suffer for it. Mind you, I'm thinking I prefer any of those options to being completely incompetent in that type of setting - or being told what to do. I really don't do well with being on topic within these threads; 'tis relevant in my mind though"
175873921,"I was so angry at my mother. But that isn’t a very interesting mindset. I don’t want to give her the idea that she was on my mind that much. I wasn’t going to kill her, that would mean prison in our society. So why even think about it. It is uplifting to know there is much to be interested in during our lives. And, with computers, plenty of opportunity."
175873922,I really cannot focus on anything lately. I don't want to focus on anything. I don't have the attention. I just wrote some fiction for like 20 minutes and read it out loud recording it in my voice. But I feel like I've accomplished nothing. I am trying to listen to an audiobook now while posting on PC. I have ridiculously high expectations for myself. Anyone know how to lower expectations of self?
175873923,"I feel the same, maybe just not very confident yet"
175873924,"My hands shake sometimes. I know is it Parkinsonism.. But, I don't mind shaking a bit if it makes me stable in the mind. I just deal with it."
175873925,And ate a lot. They had fruit cups and ice cream in the community fridge.
175873926,Have you tried Vraylar?
175873927,"I agree with you for the most part, _AT_MENTION_ . I should know because I think I was close “friends” with one. Although, I think his case of it was more moderate. Now, I think I disagree with "" a narcissist isn’t some kind of defunct person"", at least when it comes to extreme narcissism, which someone like _NAME_ possibly has. My narcissistic “friend” was emotionally intelligent somewhat and could at times constructively criticize himself, though. That said, I think from the time I first met and talked to him I knew that there was something off about his personality. So, it’s best to stay away from narcissists as a general rule of thumb."
175873928,The whisper thing is very confusing. Because the voices are still there… I can tell you that i am not famous becaus of who i am or anything remarkable I did. But only bacaus of what had been done to me. A horible crimes. The police neglected me because I am sz. That is one of the issues.
174323253,"I have a memory of a voice telling me to jump off a ferry when I was like 14 , it was scary I had to get away from the side of the boat. Had a couple other weird ones when I was around 19. I forgot about them"
175873929,"I’m so scared I’m going to have a heart attack or stoke or aneurysm!!!!! My anxiety has been through the roof for over a week. My temples are twitching, chest pain, can’t stop moving, my blood pressure abs heart rate is almost perfect. I feel like I’m going to drop dead any second. My eyes feel so big and narrow. Everything seems unreal. Please help me !!!"
174323250,So schizophrenia.com works fine. When i click on the news or join the forum link the page wont open man. _AT_MENTION_ tried it also no luck !
175873930,I struggle with this question at times.
175873931,Hand on my shoulder and cold breath down my neck. So cliché.
175873932,"The local Bay Area news said CVS would have them for the general public here some time in March most likely. I want one badly. My grandparents in VA are also a concern, they said they fit in the 75+ bracket so they expect it soon. I’ll ask them next time I call. I like to check up on them and chat politics."
175873933,"Don’t get mad at me guys, but I had to do something to rid myself of depression. I took some leftover SSRIs I had around. And it worked! I feel great this morning. Maybe a little weird but I feel happy! Don’t try this at home. Do as I say, not as I do. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175873934,I’m starting to think Intra Cellular pissed off the FDA and they’re waiting til the last possible day out of pique.
174323249,Yes I had less negative symptoms on Abilify.
175873935,I was pretty polite. Wasn’t even rude in highly competitive online games. SZ really made me bitchy though. Wow.
175873936,Thank you kind people
175873937,"I have deferred the course until next year, and this should give me enough time to see if my Landscaping will work out. It might cause a lot of paperwork etc, but I can survive of government support and my savings for 9-12 months, assuming I get no Landscaping work. To be honest, the prospect of having my own business being a success is a risk I want to take. I watched a video where _PERSON_ said he thought there was a 5% chance of Tesla and Space X working. I know I am not quite in that league, but I have a confident type of pessimism like he does to give it a go. Hopefully this was the right decision"
175873938,"Shower or bath again? If not do it quickly before 48 hrs get past. Make use of this opportunity to develop new good habit. If not did you automatically reinforcing old habit remind about this fact always. Actually when we do an action, behaviour etc we are either strengthening a habit and at the same time weakening another one. Always aware of this fact and act wisely."
175873939,image.jpg 3840×2160 3.2 MB
175873940,Making friends with Warcraft players is a great idea
175873941,Yeah my voices do the same thing and say its because iam gonna get eaten by dogs
175873942,They say there is little difference between the rich and the poor.
174323251,"my thoughts and delusions tell me: I was a Monarch victim. Not sure what part. I think _PERSON_ based on a dream. I was in an alien SSP and super soldier I experienced and was victimized by the Illuminati. I thought I was a member in a past life. I was a Montauk Project victim mainly. I was a victim of MiLabs or military abduction I was in MK-Ultra. It all started in college for me but I keep returning back to this timeline. I think we live in a computer simulation and I experience reincarnation back in time. I had paranomal or alien-like experiences growing up but it could have been a different timeline. Even thought I was a clone. I escaped the computer simulation and think my brain was uploaded to a computer. Different stuff happens in different lives. Maybe I am stupid but I was disabled. I am a victim but am getting past the victim mentality. There’s nothing I can do but I feel I was tortured and there’s no proof. My gut and intuition tell me not to believe everything I see, read, hear, be
lieve, and think, and I have a real diagnosis. There’s no proof or anything. I wanted some money, but it’s better being alone and making it on my own. I have no clue what happened to me. I think the world changed or was different since 2011 like we transitioned into a higher reality or a new computer simulation or different reality. Maybe it was all aliens, but I remember being kidnapped in college. People say it’s not real and there’s no evidence. That’s why I think the government gave me schizophrenia, but there’s no proof and no compensation or relief. It’s all in my head, unfortunately. I am scared a lot, but the truth is there somewhere."
175873943,When you feel ugly it’s the depression talking. I know because I’ve experienced that. But it’s not true. We are beautiful and that includes you _AT_MENTION_
175873944,It was too much to take. I was mis-treated on my first day back from 3 weeks sickness and I resigned. I have no idea what is going to happen now. I am basically unemployable. I am so screwed. I am going to lose everything I have worked for What a waste of time
175873945,I’m ok _AT_MENTION_. Just a busy day
175873946,Do you guys think this is related to the charges against several drug companies for collution?
175873947,Ok… I don’t exactly have the same chemical background. _PERSON_ is a real bear for those with _PERSON_. Do you like ‘Avatar’? What time is it where you are?
175873948,I guess they’re stimulated by nicotine.
175873949,"You should really not keep letting this build in you and sometimes in life, you have to allow the people who care about you to worry about you cuz you will do the same for them. You will worry about your loved one if they were going through a lot like this. Ask yourself that if your loved one was in the same predicament, wouldn't you want them to talk to you about it and wouldn't you want to help them in anyway that you can."
174323259,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Are we getting any better at staying better? The long view on relapse and recovery in first episode nonaffective psychosis and schizophrenia. _NAME_ and _PERSON_, Therapeutic advances in psychopharmacology , 2019 Relapse in, and recovery from, schizophrenia has been acknowledged since the disease was first described. In this review the authors summarize the long-term (>100?years) data on relapse and recovery in schizophrenia by reviewing the extant older and modern relevant literature. The authors systematically question the utility of pharmacological and nonpharmacological interventions, with an emphasis on first episode nonaffective psychosis. The method used is a narrative review of earlier _NAME_-analytic and systematic reviews. Antipsychotic medication discontinuation studies suggest a role for prophylactic maintenance treatment in the majority of people with schizophrenia, despite recent debate on this subject. The authors conclude that long-term outcomes, including relapse a
nd recovery rates, have improved in the last 100?years, though prospectively identifying those people who do not require long-term antipsychotic treatment has not yet been possible. Data also suggests that interventions and outcomes during the first 5?years of the disease can influence the long-term schizophrenia trajectory."
175873950,"My case managers agency gave all their clients a cute mug with a pack of hot chocolate, several instant coffee packs, and some Hershey kisses/peanut butter cups. Perfect timing because was out of coffee until the 1st but now I have some to enjoy New Year's Eve with ?"
175873951,"How likely is it for the cia to coerce someone to join? If that person is disabled? As a reality check, what traits would someone have to have to be target spotted by the cia?"
174323257,The medication can help with the positive symptoms which exposes negative symptoms/depression. Things like depression are pretty common so keeping on top of that is good. Not much you can do about negatives unfortunately with our current meds.
175873952,Happy morning Is it possible to have two moods? I'm happy and I'm also sad.
174323261,"Yeah, i got them even on 20 mg abilify, unfortunately it’s mostly sad feelings of loss, due to my depression. Sometimes i take a long, brisk walk in morning and that’s the only thing that can stir up some positive emotions, slightly daydreaming about things i want to do when the depression is under control"
175873953,"I think what qualifies as “normal” nowadays isn’t as important as being ethical. I take all sorts of vitamins and pay attention to my health to maintain a state of well being, and although I have some close friends, I seriously don’t fit in with “normal” society, and I think that’s perfectly fine. While I believe we have to be able to get along in society, I have no desire to be like everyone else. I’d rather just be myself."
175873954,"Hmm?. Example Please!. Thank You!. Hope, Truth, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!."
175873955,"Oh also, I found something I really like doing lately. For every hour you spend working or doing something difficult, you should spend an equal amount of time on self-care. I mean sometimes that's not always possible, but I like the idea of doing things to be good to myself during the hours when I don't have difficult things to do. Just food for thought..."
175873956,"Have you tried antidepressants alongside AP’s, or do they make you manic?"
175873957,"I’ve done some guilt work, and I’ve found it helps. Often times I over blame myself or straight up falsely blame myself. She’s able to help me work through it, give me another’s opinion, and resolve."
175873958,"I'm sorry that your birthday has been so rough. I hope it's not to late to wish you a happy birthday, for the sake of those who didn't <3 . You weren't/aren't a fool, though. You are a human being. It is not your fault that you have gone through such painful things in your life. Wanting to move on is the first step. You are moving in the right direction, and even if things feel wacky and out of place right now, that is completely normal. I am sending you positive energy/vibrations. You will find your happy place. The ""you"" that you know and love is still in there. Everything is a process. Be kind to yourself and patient with yourself. Always put yourself first. Much love <3 -_NAME_"
175873959,"Whoops. I left a few questions unanswered. Yes, I’ve had counseling in the form of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. Never one on one therapy although recently I’ve been considering it. I’ll go into further detail a little later today. There are a few things I have to take care of soon."
175873960,Depression is real. People take their lives from it. It is hard though struggling with hallucinations and _USER_ID_ from others even your own family while depression is kind of glamourized. But it’s not people with depressions fault. People can’t relate to psychosis. People can relate to depression.
175873961,I’d be very interested in your unabridged view on the matter.
175873962,how did you communicate with others during this delusion if they were not real to you
175873963,When I quit Clozapine cold turkey?
175873964,Man my dishwasher takes forever......just waiting for the beaters so I can start the icing.....
175873965,Are there any szs in there with you?
175873966,I’m taking it in powder form in my cereal in the morning. 3 gr of broccoli sprout powder.
175873967,This is a great resource!
175873968,Those two affirmations remind me of the spiritual teachings of _NAME_. Have you heard of her? She teaches people how to not believe their thoughts.
175873969,Good for you.
175873970,"I managed to fall asleep last night without taking benzos or seroquel But then again, I am the sleep princess.."
175873971,The forum won’t let me post anything new. Its all a conspiracy.
175873972,Bump. happy peeps are reading the post......HT.
175873973,a glass of Coke on ice.
175873974,I liked Latuda and I prefer Vraylar because it works better for me.
175873975,"It’s different for everyone but it has proven risky impulse side effects, I experienced some personally. U.S. Food and Drug Administration – 2 Sep 19 FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA warns about new impulse-control problems... [05-03-2016] The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is warning that compulsive or uncontrollable urges to gamble, binge eat, shop, and have sex have been reported with the use of the antipsychotic drug aripiprazole (Abilify, Abilify Maintena,..."
175873976,Please just keep posting in your previous threads. Do not make a new thread on this topic.
175873977,"I didn’t know it can cause mouth cancer.The thing is I like it’s stealth,easy to hide that your using nicotine or tobacco for instant…we will see as I still have lots of vape coil and juice,I am so greedy. My parent don’t like that I smoke or vape which is why I am looking at snus or else I would just vape"
175873978,"_PERSON_, Awesome news! I am so pleased to hear that you are doing so well! May it continue...and thanks for the update. It is helpful and encouraging for others to read positive posts...(plus we just want to celebrate with you as well!) Peace and progress, S.C."
175873979,"I’m glad you got the book you wanted…maybe she wants to lift your spirit up, for she knows that you’ve been through a tough time. But it seems to me that the gift is more like an apology for her brother, than a bribe"
175873980,"I'm trying to pull myself out of this depression, it's hard"
175873981,It was the email address. We check those to make sure we are protecting people from posting their personal email addresses while psychotic.
175873982,That’s great that the dose increase made such a difference. Glad to hear you’re doing ok.
174323258,Schizophrenia is a spectrum disorder so it can vary with its scale of severity Autism and Aspergers can also appear similar to schizophrenia with some of its symptoms _AT_MENTION_ you are intelligent as you said and it sounds like you may be struggling with mental health issues so it is best to seek out a professional
175873983,I just hope I’m not assigned to _PERSON_ or _NAME_. I can’t hardly stand either of them.
175873984,"A lot of people realty like it. Others hate it. For me personally I got super delusional when they put me on invega. Stopped the voices, though."
175873985,"Yeah… you might be right. I hope it’s nothing too serious. These days I often catch my self thinking delusional things, but it doesn’t last. I have insight"
174323264,That’s a good one. I’m going to remember it.
175873986,They don’t use straight jackets anymore in the U.S… They still have padded cells though. I don’t know about elsewhere on the straight jackets.
174323260,"I actually got a substantial increase in physical strength when they put me on Abilify. Also, I think it may have helped a little with the secondary symptoms of sz. They eventually had to take me off it, because it made me too antsy. You might give it a try."
175873987,“scizophrenia” is a part of you that you havecreated a belief of being something else or someone elseand it cycles by fear and belief and trauma and thought or psychic energy. if you get beneath the voice listen to what its really saying beneath the belief. its.probably trying to say it “loves you” or something and your belief its some commanding voice which most likely started as a belief in religion is filtering it. the fear and belief in it being “real” keeps it cycling is the whole problem. if you send the fear of it to your stomach so its expressed out not cycling and cry out any trauma there and then stop belieiving it as someone else or in god or whatever it should go back to normal. its just you under a belief. be-LIE-f s act like filters trauma keeps these voices seemingly a little stuck that way and fear and belief they are someone else keeps them cycling once they downcycle it goes back o being your own thought again.
175873988,"Making some seasoned potatoes tonight. I cut them up into cubes, season them with a lot of different spices, bake them, then eat them with ketchup. They're really good"
175873989,"He and his daddies are living abroad this year and they won’t be able to make it to the states to see us. That makes me sad. But it’s also just a big reminder of the struggle I have with his adoption. I know I made the right decision, I have no doubts about that. I think it’s just normal to wonder what could have been. He’s also getting older and asking a lot more questions. He’s getting closer to the age where he’ll be asking the super tough ones. It’s just a rough time for me. I’m making him a nice birthday present and that makes me feel good. I wish there were more resources for birthmothers."
175873990,"6pm, 10 000 steps so far, two phones that I don’t carry at the same time. Screenshot_20200628-185812_Samsung Health1440×2960 218 KB Screenshot_20200628-1854051440×2880 159 KB"
175873991,"The only visible one I got was a menu displayed in the visible area, with a phone number of a local radio station written in it."
175873992,If you have five close friends you’re doing well.
175873993,"Don’t worry i’ll just put on a Tuxedo and call the carebears. They’ll be like, ""Heart!’ and Captain Planet will ???? a meteor."
175873994,It increases the efficacy of certain meds by up to 700%
175873995,I am off work too at the moment. I was starting to get irritated by other people as well and it was showing. The doctor signed me off for two weeks.
175873996,Outch. I hope the new blood tests come back ok.
175873997,I work overnights at a group home. 90% of my shift everyone is asleep.
175873998,Hearing you deadlifted 185lbs is very exciting though!
174323262,"Wow, that was long winded…I will try not to write so much next time. Thanks for reading if you read it!"
175873999,This is where vaping comes in handy for me. I have an excuse to take a break every so often.
175874000,If they become agitated and aggressive APs.
175874001,Thankyou so much
175874002,"Last night he was drunk so I knew he wouldn’t come home again, for the 5th night in a row and he called me saying he was on his way home but I told him not to drive drunk, since he got his license back after a dui. He calls me really upset, trying to shift blame on me for his actions and I told him to slow down and pull over and crying he told me “it doesn’t matter anymore!” And hung up. My heart sank as I tried calling and calling and got no answer. You can imagine what crossed my mind. Finally I got an answer and he said “the only reason I didnt drive into anything right now is because my car lit up letting me know its over heating, so I pulled over”. I was crushed to hear that. To think I could have so quickly lost my best friend, my partner, father of my baby. He wanted to be alone so he didn’t come home again and I was so scared he’d hurt himself. This morning I finally heard from him and I was so relieved. He told me he doesn’t remember what was said last night and that worr
ies me so much to think something so permanent could have happened out of a temporary moment of hurt. After work he decided to just say he’s going to get drinks and proceeded to block me so I wont call. Tonight is the 6th night without him. And im at a dead end I dont know what to do or who to talk to"
175874003,Tomorrow I have to drop off the kids at school followed by a meeting with my mental health worker. Then a meeting with a nurse who is fitting me for compression socks. Then pick up my groceries. Pick up the kids at school. Make supper. Take my son to the mall to find a hat. By that time I’m pretty much comatose.
175874004,I don’t think these thoughts are with the truth. I think they derive from being delusional. Hope you get better!
175874005,Very nice 151515
175874006,"my uncle has been in contact with someone with coronavirus. it was 2 weeks ago, they said anybody who has had contact with the person in the last week has to self isolate so i guess that doesn’t affect him. it was a friend of the family. my uncle is 78, not terribly old but he never took care of himself physically, i think he may have a hard time fighting it if he catches it. he’s got some health issues already. he lives about 90 minutes north of here though, he called my dad last night and gave him the news…"
175874007,"Hang in there, _NAME_, you're doing awesome. Nice ride this morning. Pretty sure I was just psslychotic w those visions. Thanks, SP. So much. I guess I cannot always tell until after an episode is over. Oh well. Hugs."
174323265,Yes negative symptoms is mostly due to the side effects of medication as reduction in dopamine is the main cause of negative symptoms.
175874008,"No haven’t played it, is it good"
175874009,"_USER_ID_, I'm glad your lab results came back good. Now that this thread was started over two months ago, are you still getting these symptoms, _USER_ID_, or have they gone away?"
175874010,"The worst thing I have ever done was steal from my parents. When I was a drug addict between the ages of 11 to 17 - before I finally got rehab and gave them up, I took things that were not mine and sold them for drug money. It’s something that bothers me massively. I felt and do feel so guilty for it - even today. What I tried to do was give something back to them, so the first bit of money I made back in the day, I spent £600 for them to both go on a weekend trip to Lisbon, Portugal. Now I just try and help them out as much as I can. They put up with a lot of ???? when I was doing drugs, and the fact they stood by me I think shows their strength of character I know others who got dis-owned by their parents due to their drug use, and at very young ages"
175874011,_AT_MENTION_ Whom do you contact about starting working and also if you need to restart Ssdi? Is it always automatic to get it back within 5 years?
175874012,Like the omeprazole I was telling you about on snap.....
175874013,"Will the pain stop one day?? I wish I’d be free lol, but I was so low for decades, that I was just dying i think… why fight now, when it’s a pain 24/7??"
175874014,3C4A1119-44A9-4065-8FD5-694378E042B7.jpeg 2162×1620 781 KB
175874015,Take meds Eat dinner maybe Get ready for bed Sleep early
174323267,"So you tried all meds? Latuda, Zyprexa, Quetiapine, Saphris, etc?"
174323268,"I had horrible akathisia, anxiety and paranoia on Abilify, But my pdoc gave me 1mg of klonopin everyday to combat it and so far it’s really helped."
175874016,"Man, raising a kid with intrusive thoughts when you have Intrusive thoughts yourself is so weird. We spent so long trying to encourage him to see that his thoughts aren’t immoral or evil, and now we have the weirdest exchanges. He will be at the table playing a game and he will say, “I just thought about throwing my game piece at you” and I say, “But will you do it?” And he says no, and I tell him everyone has weird thoughts some times. And then we carry on with our game. The other night I was tucking him into bed and he goes, “Have you ever wondered what it would be like to stab someone in the eye with a fork?” And I say “Yes, but it would hurt someone.” And he says, “Yeah it would be wrong but I keep thinking about it.” And I tell him he can think about stabbing grapes instead, and then he feels better. Parenta of kids with MI, do you ever feel like you understand your kid on a level no one else can, because you’ve been there?"
175874017,I personally love Crossbills. Wonderful birds. And the mating calls of the Sandhill Crane.
175874018,Been a couple weeks.
175874019,Please don’t use the archaic outdated term for it. It’s now called intellectual disability.
175874020,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Thanks. I’m more worried about my brother though. I was so psychotic and upset when I was yelling at him. I’m honestly so ashamed that I let myself break down like that, especially in front of my brother."
175874021,I wanted to sleep in this morning but woke up way too early.
175874023,I also had a bed bug weeks ago. It was some sort of insect. Scary.
175874024,"Thank you, _PERSON_ The support here really means a lot to me!"
175874025,"Same, I am 5ft10. Was 140lb before sz."
175874026,Yeah this guy could be trolling.
174323269,"I have no clue about the research study, but i know i lost a lot cognitively from the start of the illness, perhaps earlier too. I suspect i have a very disharmonious profile now, in some areas gifted and in other areas mentally disabled. It is annoying, because people (myself too) overestimate me all the time, thinking im lazy or unwilling."
175874027,now my cartoon Recovery of Kindness RoK Band playin it for a sing along
175874028,Have you tried other meds?
175874029,I’m also losing weight... I managed to get down to around 165... trying not to eat calories below 1200 but nothing past between 1800 to 2000. Also the kids are home I gotta help keep up with the kids. That’s an exercise of its own and cleaning.
175874030,Yes i know. But I can’t help it. I also nap during the day.
175874031,"I gained 160lb from meds and severe negative symptoms, was 135-140lb b4 sz, got up to 295lb. A few months ago I replaced my breakfast with a 180 calories protein bar, I am down to 275-278lb. A while ago I lowered my carbs and fat intake got down to 269lb but my negative symptoms got me and I lost motivation for that diet. I still skip breakfast though as I don’t feel hungry in the morning."
175874032,"Well, you won’t need either…"
175874033,"For me, it just feels like I lack confidence in myself… I never believed my mind, my head. That’s why I thought always that the others know something more than me about the reality. and that’s why they are better… meds never helped on this _AT_MENTION_ , I am on them since 10 years…"
175874034,It’s not a bad ap. I have very little side effects.
175874035,Does the sleepiness ever go away? Just started it like 2 weeks ago its helped with all delusions its just the side effects are bothering me… I have the craving to sit in bed all day lol. Currently on 10mg at night. Any suggestions??
175874036,yea that can be quite confusing. i personally would keep some distance if you feel it is affecting you negatively unless there is a chance to mention how you feel to him
175874037,I love your work posts. I also think you have a winning field your in. Think of how big that field will be in 10-20 years and you’ll have all of this experience. GJ
175874038,"It is THC, which is why it’s stronger than CBD. Loads of people were getting paranoid on it and having episodes, from what I’ve heard."
174323275,"Abilify made me feel like I was taking uppers when I first started it. My pdoc put me on klonopin to combat that feeling and the anxiety/paranoia associated with it. Sounds like what you’re experiencing is much milder. Could be the abilify, could be that you’re just having a good day."
175874039,That’s wonderful _AT_MENTION_ . I hope this is the start of a wonderful and long relationship between you and yoga. I hope you get into meditation too. That is also a fantastic practice to get into. I do it several times a day.
174323276,In regards to common themes and the nature of the delusions/hallucinations - Do you think this is true and how are they different in: Bipolar Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective disorder Psychotic depression PTSD/CPTSD? Borderline Personality Disorder (I put a question mark by PTSD/CPTSD because I'm not sure if the illness involves psychosis...)
175874040,"…I’ve been on risperdal for 8 years now and it’s tricky. Some times it seems to raise my BP and at other times, lower it…depending on the dose and frequency…"
175874041,Dude you’re not arrogant imo in anyway at all. I don’t feel I’m arrogant for my delusions so you shouldn’t feel that way either. My delusions sound more self centered than yours maybe . But they’re just delusions not personality faults.
175874042,What are you on about? Let the woman enjoy her outing.
175874043,Taking it with milk seems to be a bit helpful
175874044,"Lions Mane does seem to touch on serotonin, but doesnt have a high affinity for it. To me, I noticed no improvement in negs."
175874045,"Well I hope tomorrow is less stressful for you, I take one day at a time."
175874046,"I enjoyed that article. Horror games are my jam right now, haha."
175874047,"It’s such a shame, as during my teens all I did was smoke weed. Just became toxic and contributed to my psychosis and original episode"
175874048,Thinking everythong is pointless its called nihilism. Maybe thats the thrill of it its so pointless you do it anyway
175874049,"A report on a different technology: The tool itself is known as a nanocage. As the name suggests, this nanoscale drug carrier works by caging therapeutic agents—in this case, drugs such as gabapentin and cyclosporine A—to carry them within the body. Once a caged drug has migrated through a patient’s circulatory system and made its way to the brain, doctors can beam near-infrared (NIR) light through the patient’s skull to energize the molecule and “open” the cage."
175874050,Shadow Add 0.3) (_USER_ID_/Without Video)
175874051,"I slept in until 8:45am and thought ""Oh ****.. I have to be at work by 9am"" so I got ready in 5 minutes and arrived at exactly 9am cuz it takes 10 minutes to walk there.. Busy day.. I drank 3 cups of coffee with Vyvanse so I feel speedy - I came home, had a shower, cleaned the litter box, washed the dishes and vacuumed my room. I feel slightly obsessive today. I feel like I had enough sleep. I can't wait until the ACDC Cookie moderate THC/high CBD strain arrives at the weed store.. I feel like I can barely watch videos like Netflix or YouTube without it. It improves my cognition while other strains damage my cognition short term. I see my psychiatrist tomorrow and this is what I'll mention; - Doing very well on the olanzepine still (No psychotic/OCD thoughts or dissociation/panic attacks). - Greatly improved quality of life on 60mg of Vyvanse a day (Prescribe 1-2 5mg Dexedrine tablets in the evening or increase to 70mg). - Invega Trinza injection almost due. Eventually will try and lower it to a 
medium dose to see if I can go off of it. - Not dependent on phenibut anymore - Using kratom - Refills maybe. I'm thinking about what crypto coins to invest in. I want to also buy silver and other assets with my job money before the dollar crashes - Better than drugs right??? For some reason, I'm not buying hard drugs anymore. I'm just less impulsive and more mature than that."
175874052,That’s a nice way to put it. Thanks
175874053,"We don’t have independent homeless shelters.One we have is state institution that don’t accept volunteers.I used to go there because then I had money to buy those people coffee and cigarettes.They all lived like a brothers and sisters back then,and shared everything they received. But times have changed since five years ago.In kitchen where I got full emotional support from _NAME_ women who worked there,and was accepted well.I remember each of them. But now,you don’t just come to eat.You got to have card !That means that only people who officially got their status like poor,have the right to use services.You just can’t give bread to anyone who asks!That’s a shame."
175874054,I hope you were able to get some sleep SP
175874055,an apple
175874056,I googled it but couldn’t find it but there is an OCD that focuses on intrusive thoughts of being gay. https://ocdla.com/gay-ocd-hocd-test
175874057,Now if you think those people with words of humility and care for the poor really cared than their way of projecting those ideas truly fooled you.
175874058,I walked outside and up the stairs. I dressed nicely today. I feel great. I am wearing my glasses but still feel fine. I take a shower at night. I also put on my makeup daily. I sleep a lot too. I eat rather healthy. I am trying to look better and will wear contacts tomorrow again.
175874059,I just turned 76. I already like it better than 75. Something about numbers. My birthday is 7/6. Maybe that’s the connection. Same numbers as my age. My birthday every day this year.
175874060,My anxiety levels haven't been as bad over the last few days. Last night I went out for a nice ride on my bicycle. I came back relaxed and went to sleep afterwards. A few hours later the voices and vivid dreams woke me up. It quits once I'm awake. I tried to get back to sleep again and couldn't. I feel so lost and confused right now trying to figure this out.
175874061,I think they mean the minimum effective dose.
175874062,I would save the animal. I love animals.
175874063,Looks tasty. I can imagine one with tea.
175874064,Congrats and good luck with the new place!
175874065,"I like my nonbinary asexual identity. Mr. Star prefers to stay away from labels, because he doesn’t feel like he belongs to a group."
174323281,Did Latuda work for you? My negatives were better on it but I had positive symptoms like paranoia etc but not full psychosis. Maybe I would have gotten full psychosis with time if I stayed on it. I was on 80-120mg.
175874066,"More than the created thing itself, I think unburdening oneself of the idea--actually seeing the attempted expression out there, in its imperfection and serendipity--will free the energy it took to hold it in . I am locked-in by so much and letting go would liberate nuclear levels of energy. That's what came to mind when I read your statement."
175874067,If your dx is psychosis it should be pretty safe. If your not feeling well mentally you need to discuss that to go for a new dx though.
175874068,"It’s good news !! I think I tried at least 6/8 psy doctors before I find one who I’m confortable with. but to be honest, I don’t see the use of a psy doctor (apart from prescribing medication) because it is just about telling him your life, he’s not asking any question to make a real therapy. so it’s nice you find a therapist who is useful !"
175874069,Almost a year now. I think I’m doing better on the Haldol which I’ve been on for a month.
175874070,This is the literal definition of _PERSON_ syndrome.
175874071,My understanding is a CTO will only go away if you pay them lip service.
175874072,"Simple: if they reject you for having sz, they are worth losing. My friends, who are in Canada, have stayed. Not sure if folks in Korea are receptive to these kind of things."
175874073,Almost sold my switch for an xbox but fiancé stopped me
175874074,"A spirit entity, who I thought was God, used to talk to me every day, for years and years, and tell me what to do, and I always listened to it and followed its commands. Then, I quit listening to it and it stopped, for the most part."
175874075,Played guitar for an hour. Spent a bit learning about neurotransmitters. I plan to learn more about the brain.
175874076,It doesn’t really matter if you feel people can read your thoughts or not. You probably already know they can’t (deep down). I think you should think what you want no matter what. For me the thought of being heard by others comes and goes but I always think what I want and I feel like I’ve accomplished something when I do that.
175874077,I still got people responding. My picture was nice tbf. And I guess some guys don’t mind so much
175874078,Stunning that is so beautiful
175874079,"Vkj, Try not to project into the future, that will make you more anxious. Try to take things one day at a time. One moment if the need be. Staying busy is good. Keep it up. It isn't healthy to be thinking all of the time. Yesterday is history, Tomorrow a mystery, Today is a gift, That is why it is called the present. I hope you feel better. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175874080,"Because I don’t yawn when other people do, and because I don’t feel guilty about my grandpa. I guess she thinks that I don’t have any remorse, and she’s trying to like, make me feel bad. She was all “we should’ve let your grandpa try chemo” even though she agreed that we did the right thing up until the moment that she noticed I wasn’t reciprocating her annoying ass yawns. Like she yawns constantly and it’s so fúcking irritating. But yeah, she kept repeating herself and shít, even though I said that I think we made the right decision about ten times. He was eighty-fúcking-six with cancerous mets literally everywhere, ffs. What exactly would chemo have done other than put him in immense pain and discomfort, all the while he knows that, not only is he dying, but also that it’s his goddamn fault? And for what? Another two weeks? Please. It wouldn’t have been worth it. We did what was best for him. I know I’m not a sociopath because I feel so fúcking guilty all of the time, 
for sins of the past, present, and future; for theoretical situations, no matter how improbable, and the choices I imagine I’d make in them; for my opinions on certain theoretical questions. Sometimes, I just think about such ideas. Do I save my friend, or do I save myself? How much pain could I withstand if it meant that another would get hurt? Do humans, even humans as bad as _PERSON_, deserve to spend eternity being tortured in hell? Do I deserve to spend eternity being tortured in hell? Sometimes, I feel like I deserve nothing but immense pain, like maybe such torture would allow me to clear my conscience. I prefer not to share this aspect of my psyche with anyone I know in person. Honestly, I actively try to hide my guilt. I don’t know why, I just do. I just feel like such an awful person that I can’t stand it."
175874081,Idk I saw them on Youtube being able to play chess after lobotomy.
175874082,Hey at least you had enough control to save some for later unless it was especially bad ribs.
175874083,"I am going out with my friend today in 2 hours. We might be going shopping and eating lunch together. Hope for a peaceful day, no intrusive thoughts."
175874084,"I think it is the end, there is no afterlife, wishful thinking on most people’s part"
174323280,Did you study in Australia?
175874085,Yeah it might take awhile but it seemed to fade after awhile for me. Just make sure you’re not working out too hard of course!
174323286,What can help with this???
175874086,"Exactly 20 years ago I received a mystery telephone call. I lived in a house in Atlanta in the US and my former US spouse had left. Then in the evening I got this call. I perceived this telephone call was meant to brainwash me. There was a female voice who spoke very fast and I started receiving an image to my mind. I had heard about these calls before and so I did hang up the phone call almost immediately and their brainwash was not achieved, but still I became slightly disoriented and did stupid things. It took some time to recover from this incident. I do not know who they were, but they were not successful and now 20 years has passed and many things have happened and I am still alive. I am happy."
175874087,"In this model, what is the difference between you being the allegorical Christ, yet at the same time we are all the same person.I mean, how does that work? How is it that we could all be the same person when every human has a unique DNA set which codes for a unique me, that you cannot be. (I guess…) and a unique you etc… Just curious"
175874088,"He’s usually not online at night, its 8pm here."
175874089,What do you mean by AP?
174323292,I have schizoaffective disorder bipolar type. Welcome to the forum!
175874090,"Yeah, I think using it continually causes problems. I’ll keep it as as a PRN."
175874091,I talk way too much and am very social. I enjoy talking to other people as it’s always interesting.
175874092,"I have this also on risperdal, but I noticed it was even worse without medication. Either way, it sucks."
174323274,"Off topic, but Vampires are different than Hollywood portrays and history. Real vampires are psychic and retain their memories after reincarnation. I think that’s what I have or had. The whole schizophrenia thing is probably artifically induced and crap. Probably as a form of punishment. _NAME_, conspiracy theorist, says they are probably immortal, in the Illuminati, and don’t drink blood and stuff. Only way to kill them is through beheading – I think. I think they are very powerful. _NAME_ says they are evil and from the 5th dimension. I consider myself one of the moral, good ones. I wonder if I’m deficient in B12 because I drink like 10 low carb monsters a day and lack a ton of energy ever since I was a kid."
175874093,"I only want to go to the hospital when I’m feeling unwell and just need stabilization. I’ve had issues at every hospital though, almost always with staff. From them just being snarky to outright being cursed at and having my confidentiality rights violated. My most recent hospital stay was the best as far as the staff, but they got their food from the county jail and I refuse to do that again."
175874094,"I'm so sorry about this, _PERSON_."
175874095,"I come across stupid, without a doubt. only sometimes if I open my mouth do I change that perception"
175874096,Voices can’t really hurt you just make you afraid and unsure. Keep fighting young lady!
175874097,"If you do college right unfortunately it’s just a miserable thing. For everyone. No one likes having to be under constant stress of endless studying and assignments and tests. I was absolutely miserable for most of my first degree and even now I wish I could just be done with school. My second degree is online (with in person clinicals) and I like it sooo much better than regular school though. I can work at my own pace, it is much easier to take notes from lectures that I can pause and rewind, and I dont have to worry about getting dressed and wasting time commuting and sitting in a lecture where I won’t pay attention anyways. If you feel college isn’t for you then you’re right you’ll need to look for a career path that doesnt require it. It seems you need to rethink your career choice as well if it doesnt make you happy."
175874098,How did you paint this _AT_MENTION_ ? I would like to try to paint an abstract painting.
175874099,"Strangely enough, I like the cheapest brand the most - _PERSON_’s Pizza."
175874100,I’m going to work then go out and eat.
175874101,"I used to get a fair few random fits of paranoid anger. After a while I figured out that I was just power tripping during them, so started saying to myself mid-anger ‘I’m merely power tripping and that’s not a very nice thing to be doing’. The anger would subside fairly quickly if I said it to myself several times in a couple of minutes. The anger fits started to become much less frequent within a month or two of doing this. I figured that it was just a habit and I had broken the habit, a bit like biting one’s nails or smoking etc."
175874102,Mine are mainly random. But occasionally they’ll just tear me apart… But I’m ok!
174323287,"I think your lifestyle is incredibly important on any med. Exercise, eating healthy, and getting out of the house. I could not get off the couch on Risperdal, but as soon as I changed to Clozapine I became fairly active and was smart enough to follow a diet plan. When I first started Clozapine I would go to bed around 3pm and wake up around 3am. The longer I’ve been on it the less tired I’ve been. I now go to sleep around 9pm after having been on it for around 10 months. You have to get a good routine going. It takes a while for your joints to back to normal. Start slow then increase your work load over time. I make a medley of spinach, asparagus, and broccoli. I eat that through out the day. It’s integral in turning your life around."
175874104,"I believe sz stopped my growth into adulthood since I was hearing insulting voices since 15 y.o., they got suicidal at around 17 and my first suicide attempt at 20 was nearly successful. I was never able to become an adult. I can’t manage money or live on my own. I am stuck with my parents forever. I will just kill myself after my parents die. I have no other option. I have addiction issues with money. I need someone to control my money and only give me the minimum necessary."
175874105,stick with weight training
175874106,"Welp... I put my memory journal with today's theme of ""A day of investing"". I Googled that for a picture and there's headlines saying that the US dollar could collapse in 2020.. Not good... Not good for any currency.."
175874107,Erotomania _PHONE_NO_
175874108,Therapists are expensive and I csn’t get one if my dr doesn’t approve
175874109,Just buy for a week or two instead of only a few days if you can afford it. Every time you stay in instead of going out helps. Just limit it as much as possible. And wash your hands. A lot.
174323289,I showered today (Cold shower too) and cleaned and vacuumed my room. I'm kicking negative symptoms ***
175874110,I have seen myself die before but this one has affecting me the most because I have really bad claustrophobia and they used my worst fear to kill me.
175874111,Much better headache and symptom wise.
175874112,Its nighttime uncertain stillness A few voices upsetting the constant tune I am in. Selfdoubt plaques me. Let it flow down the river. Don’t keep the fish. Let them go.
175874113,"When i am not well, I increase clozapine from 200mg to 300. It’s not a big dose"
175874114,That’s hard _AT_MENTION_ . I hope you can go somewhere you feel good about
175874115,I do pretty often. I go kick hornet nests online to see what happens now. Turns out most hackers are just trolls because they cant leave any evidence. They arent really that mean either.
175874116,"I don’t know about smaller, but I reckon it’s infinite in a multiverse. Wish I could meet all the other versions of me. Then I wouldn’t be alone."
175874117,"So adding meds on my own is a bad idea? I was prescribed 5mg,I do sleep better on 10mg. My uncle said take back 5mg though"
175874118,"LS! I do not collect antiques actively, but I have got some. And there are two paintings on my wall: IMG_20210212_0715583120×4160 4.51 MB IMG_20210212_0716303120×4160 3.8 MB"
175874119,"Yep you can still go out for food at grocery stores, medical etc. it I would not be surprised if people buy them out before the lockdown....."
175874120,"Hmm. (By) (The) (Way) Psychosis Is Spirituality. Yep!. Yap!. Yup!. Yas!. Uh Huh!. (((Trigger Warning Be Cautiously Optimistic With Your Spiritual Beliefs))) Remember That Gravity Still Exist’s And So Does The Rest Of “real” Reality. But!, Karma, To Serendipity, _NAME_ And The Rest Is Real As Well. Well Maybe. What Does Serendipity Even Mean Fully?. I’m Not Sure Exactly. I Might Need To Study. Jus Be Safe, Women, Men, Young Adults, And Aliens!. Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!. P.s. Unless Karma Is Actually Jus Probability And The Tool To Prove It, Hasn’t Been Invented Yet."
175874121,yeah youre right
174323284,I feel that psychosis caused brain damage and change in my personality for the worse.
175874122,I really like it. Looks great.
175874123,Thanks for helping me reality check folks. Is really appreciated
175874124,"Music, music and moar music."
175874125,Beam me up scottie!
175874126,"DMO, Try to stay calm. Getting anxious doesn't help anything. They are doing the best they can between the governors and the cdc. The big guns weren't prepared, but I think that everyone is doing the best they can. Thank health care. They are short handed, asking retirees to come back to work. I am trying to help make face masks. Keeps my mind busy. There is a lot of blame going around. Some is true. But politics is something we cant' discuss on the forum so I wont go there. The best thing you can do is stay in as much as you can and wash hands frequently. I watch some news as I want to know what is going on. But that is pretty much it. The rest of the day I watch something else for entertainment and to take my mind off of things. Hang in there DMO. Try to stay calm. Breathe... Mindfulness is key right now. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175874127,"The Prozac may make a big difference in your life in a positive way, Cashless! However, if it doesn't work well for you, I bet you will find a pill(s) that will work for you, as their's never been a better time to go on psychiatric medications. Their are so many psychiatric meds out there that really do help people in a great way. So stay positive, Cashless, and good luck with the Prozac!"
174323290,"Negative symptoms! I never bath unless my brothers drag me into the shower every 8-10 days. My psy say I have apathy and avolition. Also I never got in trouble with ppl, my family or the police until I had SZ. Meds improved this a bit but not 100%. I have apathy just like criminals. Apathy can make me do things against the rules. I was responsible before my SZ but not now."
175874128,Well it does cause the most weight gain even more than zyprexa but it may be worth getting diabetes to be free of the voices at least diabetes is treatable. Idk that is definitely a serious decision to have to make. It seems like no matter what we choose there are horrible consequences and impossible decisions to make. So I think you tried cbd gummies once but your clinic pushed you away from them right? I don’t know of anything else to turn to in addition to the normal APs....sometimes docs have luck mixing two different ones but its a last ditch effort that only sometimes works.
175874129,Maybe you need therapy if you have trauma and PTSD.
174323297,"And some cultures treated schizophrenic people as shamans and seers and give them special treatment like giving them the best parking space, free coffee at _USER_ID_’s, the best steak off a buffalo, the best dirt to place their _NAME_ to sleep at night etc. I"
175874130,"american born, scots irish ancestry. i’ve often thought of trying to move back to scotland or ireland, and renovate my castle haha. america is a little polarized, but i like my weather 9 months out of the year."
175874131,I heard its considered a bad med but there must be people who like it
174323293,"It sucks. It could be better, it could be a lot worse. I wish it wasn’t lifelong. If only I had a dollar for every pill I’ve swallowed. US Dept of Health and Human Services puts it in the top 10 most debilitating and expensive disabilities. Treatment options are, well, they could be better, they could/have been a lot worse."
175874132,"I don’t have any heavy secrets or have any information that I feel that weights on my shoulders. I usually try to focus on what’s important to me, like small accomplishments trough the day. This way I forget any kind of information that may bother me."
175874133,"Identical, are we twins lol Honestly it’s shocking , you described it exactly the same way."
175874134,"IDK. Maybe they can give you some tips or a critique so you can improve your performance. If it was me, I wouldn’t care unless they started to boo or heckle me."
175874135,Yeah I switched from risperidone to invega and the invega made me feel sick. Thought it was an interaction with Depakote but not sure. I switched back to risperidone. This was years ago.
175874136,Cats. I have a bunch.
175874137,I don’t believe in creation
175874138,"The hallucination in short words; It is in itself an unexampled miracle (supernatural _NAME_-physic entity not from the human race) It adds endless myths,illusions,delusions,cognitive deceptions and malicious feelings to the record of one’s actions (self-knowledge content) throughout a mutual dialogue between it and the conscious mind of the recipient,which does not add any new useful knowledge to the recipient,because the mutual dialogue processes work to impede the current mental /behavioral activities of the person that supposed to achieve the fundamental interests of the person in his life"
175874139,good for you buddy…looks great !!
175874140,Did my post get deleted?
175874142,A couple of days afterwards.
175874143,IMG_20190904_101500.jpg 1080×1108 264 KB
175874144,Costs a lot of money. I think cost comes into most conversations these days regardless of policy.
175874145,What job did you get _AT_MENTION_ ? Congrats on work!
175874146,What would you do if someone sent you a private message with their personal information asking you to add them on Facebook? Respectfully decline Add them on Facebook Tell a mod Ignore them other 0 voters
175874147,Clearly I’m not as talented as I used to be and I messed up big time in some parts but the results are encouraging enough for me to keep practicing and eventually do something good! I think I will buy a better set of pastels to do color next time. In a while maybe I’ll consider an art class!
175874148,I knew a guy who would load up his lip with dip and light up a cigarette. When I smoked trying to quit I used the patches and ended up smoking with them still on. I’m glad I kicked the habit
175874149,How do you get Sound Cloud to work? It never works for me! I think it’s because I’m on an Apple product.
175874150,I have this to haven’t found a way to stop it but my voices say they will stop if I stop masterbating
175874151,"8 people is quite a lot. I have like 4-5 people I regularly talk to. Excluding voices, who will soon fade away since my non-pharma treatment is just so effective. But I don’t want to be that alone. I got to go out as soon as this quarantine stuff elapses. Maybe to the clubhouse or to a Sikh temple. Not used to going out, it’s been ages."
175874152,"Really look forward to collaborating again, you have mad skills at making beats!"
174323285,"I feel a lot of sexual pressure, mainly from cyber criminals. I’m a virgin and wouldn’t mind being a virgin for life, but that’s partly difficult because of the sexual pressures that I feel. I’m pretty much stuck online since the coronavirus has become severe in my area. I need to find healthier ways to entertain myself or to pass time. Before coming onto here, I would watching people play video games on some website. But the people there would communicate excessively sexually. Some of them may have been cyber criminals. I’ll try this website for a bit, because that website was a live chat website where anyone can just jump into a conversation and promote sexuality. I feel a public forum like this may be less sexual since I think schizophrenic people like me are discouraged from having sexual intercourse anyhow. I think some people might think the mental illness can be inherited. I have a huge fear that some websites are entirely designed just to sexually exploit people. Sex criminals are 
very cunning and some of them hack or bribe websites I think. It’s very difficult to avoid sex criminals online, and I can’t wait for this coronavirus to die away. Until then, I have to maybe think of ways to identify and avoid criminal sexual pressure. I’m thinking of virtually communicating with local people, since I can legally hold those locals accountable for sexual misconduct. This is a matter of passing time though, I guess. I need healthier and less stressful ways to pass time."
175874153,"If I were unmedicated, I would refuse to recognise that I am mentally ill and I would quarrel with my parents."
175874154,My friend screams when she is upset but I don’t. I thinking it should be therapeutic like yelling at a mountain top.
175874155,"She is still in long term acute psychosis She self injures Extemly seriously She is near end stage alcoholic, recently took a break for a few months but is now back to some form of struggles trying to quit drinking"
175874156,"Its alright, even it was against i understand."
175874157,"If the couch is too uncomfortable, lay the cushions on the ground."
175874158,Thank you for your kind words. I will keep that in mind. Where r u from BTW. I am from Hyderabad India
175874159,"Its sweet, beautiful and ya ya"
174323294,I have depo shot of abilify 1x per month works great for me it a 400mg per month does the trick. I personnelly never have much bad days with it… But I do have bad days .
175874160,"I live between Ukraine and Israel. mom is visiting my grandma. I’m so tired. have no more powers. my home is here, my career is here but my heart, my grandma is there…so I live between two worlds."
175874161,"Thanks. Ya, the Vraylar started helping after just a few days on it. I like it so far. I hope it works long term."
175874162,"Wow, 38… I can’t possibly hope to understand you, I thought every schizophrenic got it in there 20… Wow, am really sorry you got it at that age"
175874163,"Black coffee, I had pumpkin pie earlier"
175874164,Well Autism presents itself differently in females. It's quite possible.
175874165,There have been studies done showing a strong connection between sleep and mental illness. Its estimated at least 80% of people with mental illness also have sleep issues! It’s very common!
175874166,"Ok. Read What You Said Again. Ok. Now Come to The Realization That, That is a Massive Accomplishment. So Be Proud of Yourself. You Deserve it. So. Keep Focus. Try Not to Stray Too Far From Commonsense. And Listen to Your Health Team. Ask Questions. And Let Them Know Your Honest Concerns. It’s Not as Bad as it May Seem Sometimes. Remember That!. Good Luck!. And Stay Informed. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175874167,It’s ok I’m hoping the nurse didn’t know what she was doing and made pigs ear of it she was a care assistant not proper nurse Will find out tomorrow when the specialist is in
175874168,"Well, I certainly don’t need my memory to be any worse than it already is…"
175874169,"I smoke everyday, Several times a day. Have since I was about twelve."
175874170,Is this tiny computer packaging not cute or what!?!?!!
175874171,Yes I understand that. Maybe you could have a heart to heart talk with him and let him know that you are in a fragile place right now and are counting on him to help hold everything together until you can get on the right meds Because when you are on the right meds Everything will be a little easier for you
175874172,Well that sucks. Good luck tonight!
175874173,What’s the word?
175874174,yes I listen to some music
174323304,"I have been on Zyprexa since mid-March. I started at 5 mg, went to 10 mg, and then my pdoc and I discovered that 7.5 mg is my lowest effective dose. I’ve been on 7.5 mg for almost two months. Even on 7.5 mg, my positive symptoms are completely controlled. I used to have breakthrough hallucinations on Haldol, and I haven’t had any on Zyprexa. It even controls what used to be disabling paranoia and delusions. I haven’t been troubled with anything. I haven’t had diabetes, though I haven’t had bloodwork done since starting Zyprexa, but I feel fine. I don’t eat a lot of sweets. I have lost 25 pounds since starting Zyprexa, by calorie counting between 1200-1400 calories per day. I was afraid of the weight gain, and I wanted to lose a significant amount I gained on previous APs, so I started off aggressively fighting weight gain. The Zyprexa has been limiting my appetite instead of stimulating it, so I am staying to a low calorie range with no problem. Zyprexa has been my miracle drug. I am co
mpletely under control, and looking for a full-time job to get off disability. I don’t know who said 7.5 mg is not enough for sz, I am sza so maybe that makes a difference? Regardless, 7.5 mg works wonders for me!"
175874175,I sleep in the day and am up at night. I’ve gone to the same psychologist for many years. He says it is common for schizophrenics to turn night into day. He says that is one of the reasons so many schizophrenics work as taxi drivers or prostitutes. My psychologist thinks I would do better to sleep at night and be up during the day.
175874176,Not necessarily. I’ve got both SZ and _PERSON_’s. I’m very high-functioning and work full-time. The autistic ability to focus and go deep with details is an asset with my work in insurance. I can spend all day reading policy declarations and wordings without getting bored. Most neurotypicals can’t match me in this.
174323307,I don’t know but that sounds like good news. Ironically I quit drinking when I started APs but I think it was the paranoia that did it. Not the APs.
175874177,I’m sure your friends and family are understanding. This illness does all kinds of things. In England we have family intervention sessions maybe u have them there too
175874178,Is. It. Good? Drawing
175874179,"You’ve seen those women and men on TV. The people on Oprah, _NAME_, _PERSON_. They weigh like four or five hundred pounds , or even more. They have a hard time going outside or doing much of anything. I’m not cruel or insensitive but sometimes I just say “Screw it” and I just feel like eating until I’m so big that I look like one of them and not even care. I don’t know if it’s my age. Maybe it’s because my mom hardly ever had desserts for us as kids and now I can afford virtually any food there is. We got cheap ice cream when the nearby Safeway had half gallons of Rocky Road for $1.00 back in the seventies. My dad liked these pastries; he called them “snails”, I guess because they were formed like a snail shell, and he got those occasionally but he didn’t like a lot of sweets so those were mainly his. But when I’m in a grocery store or 7-11 or a liquor store I just look at the snack aisle and lately it looks especially good. I would just love to buy any candy I want, and 10 
different types of chips and to go with them I’d buy bean dip, and ranch, and guacamole, and nacho cheese dip. I’d buy 15 types of cookies, most likely more. A cake or two, doughnuts. Candy. Pudding. Ice cream. flavored yogurt with fruit at the bottom. And just eat and eat and cram my mouth with crackers too. Wheat Thins, _NAME_ Crackers, Ritz. And eat all day and night. The funny thing is I have the money for it. I could eat until I weighed 600 lbs. and then eat some more. That would be like ecstasy."
175874180,"So I did. I complied to a stupid order by a voice. At least, the cigarette was at its end."
174323295,i have SZA and i used to take invega and then i went on abilify
175874181,"U.K. here My total disability and housing benefit - no council tax as disabled is approx £2100 a month. Total to me after housing is paid is £1300 a month. My outgoings are £130 a month for utilities/gas/water/electric/internet/satellite/phone. I got taken to court and have a court appointed person at social services manage my money, he gives me £500 a month (4 weekly) to buy food and other stuff. I spend around £300 a month eating out, coffees, takeouts from apathy and anhedonia to be bothered to cook. My appointee also puts £100 a month into my other current account to pay for contract mobile phone… And the £130 for utilities comes from his there account… The rest I save which is roughly £500 a month… I have to purchase stuff to replace decent stuff to dwindle my savings because the limit in savings is £6.000 in the U.K. after that your benefits are reduced. I end up buying a new iMac every couple of years."
175874182,I never had one. I went back to work.
175874183,The _NAME_ know the truth about how it all works
175874184,"I have recurrent psychosis. They have switched back and forth between sz and non-sz psychosis labels. I wondered: is there really a clear line between sz and non-sz? What marks the difference? I personally tried to avoid the label sz because there is such _USER_ID_ and hopelessness attached, from doctors too, that it wasnt serving me. All the doctors were telling me i would die of suicide, i always needed heavy doses of meds, EMDR, therapy and lifestyle changes would be useless, i couldnt work, etc."
175874185,"The only side effect I got from Invega was akathisia. I couldn’t sit still. I had to keep moving, mostly pacing in circles. I watched movies standing up. Invega in its shot form can stay in your body for several months, as opposed to the pill which stays there for just a few days. After 6 months, I finally felt some relief. Took another 6 months for it to go away completely. Now I take Zyprexa in pill form. 20mg gave me akathisia, so did 10mg. When we went from 10mg to 7.5mg the akathisia went away. I’ve been on 7.5mg daily for over a year now with no akathisia."
175874186,I get too irritable off meds.
175874187,The psychosis seemed to last weeks after I stopped can that happen
174323309,Welcome to the forum
175874188,Has anyone experienced people in the form of spirits communicating with you and you thinking they died even though they are still alive? I’ve started experiencing this for about a year. There’s no evidence that they died but their spirits communicate with you before they pass over?
175874189,It typed it in wrong. It is a coincidence though
175874190,You sober now _PERSON_?
175874191,“Who will bell the cat?”
175874192,Just took a shower. Feel much better now. What to do tonight.... read my mindfulness book I guess and watch stuff on Netflix. Maybe play some games. Going on a walk tomorrow
175874193,"These are good posts. I wonder why the charging stations are for free. Maybe they should charge people for the electricity. I guess it is hard to measure how much electricity you use. I am not sure if it is a good idea, based on how many people own electric cars…but the hybrid cars are probably better…because more people buy hybrid cars. The electric motor cars cost more so it evens out, with paying gas. I’m still not sure. Maybe we shall wait for the future and then things will pan out with how good the electric cars are."
175874194,I think you should take the shot… that way you know you won’t have another episode while you have classes… I know you don’t want to but prevention is better. You will be okay…
175874195,We didn’t reduce doses. I don’t know why or how it happened. I’m very upset
175874196,So I did just under 4 minutes _PERSON_ today and it improved my t’ai ji form no end. Don’t know if I’ll do the same tomorrow or stick to doing it once a week for the time being. I’ll see how I feel. Thank you.
175874197,"Yeah, it sucks but we are kind of stuck with them. I wish there was a magic pill with no side effects but unfortunately, there isn’t"
175874198,Can your primary dr give you a referral?
174323308,"EverydayHealth.com Can Turmeric Help People Living With Schizophrenia? Turmeric and its main ingredient, curcumin, are starting to be investigated as possible adjunctive treatments for schizophrenia, among other mental health disorders. Learn about turmeric's antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects."
175874199,_AT_MENTION_ I felt the same way as you once and moved to the other side of the world. But my mental health got the better of me and I ended up on the streets of Los Angeles and then into a board and care. My mother came out and saw the state I was in and helped me come back home. There is no greater support than family.
175874200,There are lots of different illnesses and disorders that don’t have cures for. Cancer and Alzheimer’s are on top of the list. Schizophrenia is sadly on the bottom. It’s just not a priority.
175874201,"Been there, thought that. I guess im getting better."
175874202,I don’t believe I have a camera I believe I have a microphone injected in my ear that can hear my thoughts.
175874203,Can’t eat low calorie food here cuz others make the food
174323302,"ive driven with no problem, even when i thought the radio was sending me messages, and once a strange compulsion come over me to go in the opposite direction that i wanted to go."
174323312,"Schizoaffective is like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder had a baby. You get the random or constant psychosis along with moods that can be depressive, manic/hypomanic, or mixed. I have schizoaffective bipolar type. I’m on Invega, Lamictal, and Zoloft. I will eventually switch to just the Invega shot and go off of the Lamictal and Zoloft, 'cause the Invega shot can sometimes stabilize mood in addition to psychotic symptoms."
174323303,"Welcome _AT_MENTION_ ! I hope you can receive the support you need here and give it, as well! Do you live alone? Do you have support? Are you in school or do you work?"
175874204,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175874205,"Don’t hit, don’t steal, don’t trespass are the ones that come to mind. Also, don’t interrupt and do wait your turn."
175874206,"I didn’t realise I smoked a pack of heets yesterday.I used to be a half a pack smoker.The heets is smaller though,now I am almost a pack smoker,am I improving or worsening?"
175874207,Well thankyou for the ‘probable’ compliment lol. I’m really not incredibly smart though. My motivation for learning things is poor. I hope it improves. And I hope you find an understanding of the universe that you feel fully comfortable with.
175874208,Beautiful!
175874209,In my hour of darkness always brings me up
174323310,I love my ex husband but I screwed up my marriage. I greatly regret that. I don’t want to be in a relationship ever again. I have no need.
175874210,What type of phone do you have? I don’t know an answer to your question but am curious and maybe it will help.
175874211,That would mess with my head too
175874212,I feel like such a failure
175874213,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_! _AT_MENTION_ Thank you! I played the organ and bass on my M-Audio Oxygen 25 midi controller and the drums were sampled hits I chopped up and arranged in the playlist. Thats cool that you have the Maschine, I have a hars time doing the finger drumming personally lol"
174323311,Thanks for the advice anyways?
175874214,I'm so sorry about your cat DT
175874215,I think naps are good for you. I used to take them but haven’t done so in a while.
175874216,Arbor Day. Ya just gotta love them trees.
175874217,I’m not a doctor so can’t really diagnose you or give you a prognosis based on a diagnosis. It’s just about getting a treatment that works. For you it could be meds. Best of luck with whatever decisions you make !
175874218,"So who thinks he/she’s not able to look into the eyes, because you can’t control your system in the way you desire. Even if you’re also partly shy, you are not allowed to be leading your own mind that much of anymore. Finding your right frequency isn’t possible in a total way anymore?"
175874219,"hey you are a good friend of mine I feel…like everyone here…close knit !! I hope you can handle your thoughts on your mind, you know, I feel like telling you something…I was looking at the painting memoir I did for my grandparents and on the painting it had a bread of life holder that looked like a loaf of bread but it had tiny scriptures on it…I had painted Revelation 12:12 on there so I started reading from there and finished the rest of the book in about thirty minutes !! I rededicated my celibacy again…"
174323316,I have both but more negative than positive.
175874220,I already felt that way. It’s a confused brain
175874221,Hi folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175874222,you forgot micro-managed. had several supervisors like that. ha.
175874223,"I went to work for a couple of hours, then slept some more. Have to try and stay awake more"
174323313,"Nice! I also benefitted from emdr, as well as other psychological work, to the point of losing the diagnosis of schizophrenia (still ptsd)."
175874224,If you’ve seen a selfie of me then you’ve seen an angel lol.
175874225,"If you come upon a fork in the road, ???? up someones plan and replace it with a spoon! LOL."
175874226,they work for most problem is they take a long time to work atleast 3 months to get full effect and for some even longer.
175874227,_AT_MENTION_ I sleep most of the day now. Neighbours don’t bother me too much. No one can bother you if you dont pay attention
175874228,I shouldn’t be this tired
175874229,"Cheese, cheese and more cheese (salt) on pizzas, plus the butter/oil in the base. Meat is the healthiest part I can’t remember when I last had a pizza, but those ‘chicago takeaway pizzas’ are the closest you’ll get to an actual takeaway pizza."
175874230,"Vaping, caffeine from Energy drinks and maybe junk food too."
175874231,Thank you so much for your reply
175874232,"yeah i migrated to australia at 10 years old.then went back to syria at 16.and i eventually retuned to australia at 20 years of age.so as you u can see ,i grew up everywhere,all over the place,anyways here we are now."
175874233,"Funnily enough it was the voices that I trusted during my last psychosis. They told me, ‘it’s OK those medications are placebo pills, go ahead and take them’!!! I mean, I was sort of questioning the voices. Too though."
175874234,"For me it was because I sometimes hanged out with friends instead of studying so had to cram all the material the day before the exam. That was before university, we call it college in Canada, I had too much courses, I had taken an extra course over the full time."
175874235,It doesn’t allow you to lower your AP dosage. I actually increased mine while taking it !
175874236,"I think you’re ok, and it’s just your sz messing with you. Can you see your pdoc for a med adjustment?"
175874237,Nope… just me
174323318,How they able to sell at this rate? Here 100 gm cost around $30. Premium version ceremonial grade the price is $55 for just 30gm.
175874238,"I wish I could mastrubate more. I have a very lite sex drive on my medication, xeplion. What medication are you on? I maby need a change."
175874239,Hey bpcyclist....how are you and _NAME_ doing today?
175874240,Heat as in body heat?
175874241,"Nice poem. You inspired me to freestyle a poem. I go to sleep in the dark. But, I prefer to sleep with the light on. But I can’t afford another light bulb. So, I’ll just have to act like an adult. Get used to the dark, There’s no shark, Nor any thing else to be afraid of. Life doesn’t have to be so rough If you don’t want."
175874242,I currently get an Social security Income for money but that isn’t whats making them say that I’m money. See they already know that and being disabled and all.
175874243,You need an antidepressant. Zyprexa isn’t enough by itself.
175874244,Has no one posted? I hope everyone is ok.
175874245,"I have SZA and anxiety, GAD, OCD and Agoraphobia."
175874246,"Ok, any other symptoms?"
175874247,I switched both my perphenazine from am to pm and also my Cymbalta from am to pm. It never bothered me.
175874248,"I’ve sucked at hygiene this week… I was doing pretty good about brushing my teeth for awhile, now I’m back to rarely brushing. I need to start a routine…"
175874249,I didn’t see this!! Wow both of you… I thought I had not resonated with either of you! I basically need to learn how the Internet works and not be impatient and overly sensitive. Also I may be learning disabled on risk taking. That didn’t/doesn’t serve me. _PERSON_ once said “Risk is what makes life beautiful”. And many have said that. (I once thought if you walked a high enough tight rope; you would never need the safety net. I now know that’s NOT the case.) Yikes on/for me. I’ll do much better!!
175874250,"Yes 2 times when I had surgeries. I was totally anaesthetised and uncinscious. I was completely lost for 2 days and had cognitive issues like memory, attention and concentration problems. It took me hours after surgery to be able to walk like a drunk men. I was extremely dizzy."
175874251,I’ll probably have both one day so I don’t need to choose.
175874252,You can’t do anything til October
175874253,qp|| The Unique Shape Of The Spider Spine Extending Into The Brittle Blackened Nails Silently. ||||||
175874254,I’m glad for you _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
175874255,"Thats really something the two of you should have a conversation about, instead of making assumptions."
175874256,_PERSON_ I wasn’t sure what to think but I’m glad you liked it.
175874257,"I would have originally said for the food, but my dog just gave me 5 minutes of unsolicited kisses right when I really needed some affection. Maybe she was just licking the salt off of my arm but I have a feeling that she intuitively knew what I needed."
175874258,Bbc news It’s good Simple and concise to read
175874259,The name is hilarious LOL
175874260,_USER_ID_.org COVID-19-Updated-Guide-1.pdf 852.64 KB _USER_ID_ guide on managing stress and isolation during the pandemic.
175874261,"It sounds like things are going well for you. If you don’t mind me asking, you said you have DID. Do you know how many personalities you have?"
175874262,Not me. Normally I either can’t smell or taste much or everything winds up tasting like whatever medication I have to take for it. Bleh.
175874263,"Ah I see. Is it unusual to have it at around 15? My first unusual beliefs emerged at age 11, which seems pretty early to me"
175874264,nope....
175874265,No you are welcome here plus you provide insight
175874266,Having a rough day?
174323321,"I am on clozapine 200 mg. I tried 300 but I couldn’t speak, it sedated me"
175874267,Use a tooth brush and meticulously shape it. … After you brush your teeth. Then get a new one if you can… you probably need a new one… do you know how I know? Because I know I do. Toothbrush that is…
175874268,National Elf Service – 21 Jan 21 _USER_ID_ against people at risk of psychosis a systematic review _NAME_ on a systematic review which finds that people who are at risk of psychosis are likely to experience _USER_ID_ and discrimination. _USER_ID_ psychosis
175874269,Yes I want to go so bad
175874270,"From my personal experience of this year, I was seeing someone briefly (well mainly messaging) and I was infatuated. But also not feeling good enough So I cut all means of communication. And now I’m feeling the infatuation less intensely. I have to remind myself, logically, why it is not good to pursue. Or even entertain in the mind. For me one of the major worries was risk of a psychotic break. Perhaps make your own list of pros and cons regarding seeing this man."
175874271,_AT_MENTION_ please try cbd products…they can take away your pain…my friend says it cured his pain for arthritis…I know your pain is huge but I think it can help you…please don’t kill yourself !!
175874272,I’m sorry hugs. Just sleep
174323330,"When I was on seroquel I would sleep like a rock 830pm to 5am and woke up groggy, and around 12hrs each night on the weekends. I stopped taking the seroquel and I was sleeping less on the weekends but about the same on the weekdays but not groggy. Doctor said abilify isn’t sedating or activating. So I’ve been taking it at night. But I notice I’ve been sleeping less and needing less sleep. I fell asleep around 11pm last night, woke up several times during the night, then got up like no big deal at 5am. So just in case it is the abilify I’m going to start taking it on the mornings. If my sleep doesn’t improve or gets worse then I might have to consider going back to the doctor. I don’t want to be put on anything for sleep. Seroquel was awful I felt so groggy. It helped everything else except left me groggy. Maybe I’ll just live with less sleep. I used to be able to go 3-4 hours a night like nothing."
175874273,"Mentally well people have an easier life. However, they should be looking after us with that advantage and helping. I am not so fortunate. There are very few people who wish to help me!"
175874274,I worry about losing my SSI. I don’t have any references that I can use to get a job. I worry about the future and my health issues too.
175874275,Hugs. Be safe
175874276,"Thanks, …"
175874277,I asked my sister if she ever was paranoid - even when she divorced her abusive husband and she said no - she never believed her ex would come after her. She said she doesn’t understand my paranoia. Said she never heard voices or was paranoid. Am I being paranoid believing my husband would come after me or his family kidnap me? Is this part of psychosis?
175874278,That’s what dads do. Just take the love and keep rolling man.
175874279,"I feel kind of bored now thinking about it. I think with the way the world is, I think ""fack idk.. What to do now?"".. I'm too aware now.. I think pain and humiliation etc make me realize and grow. I used to be so immature just a few years ago. The bad trip made me feel so much pain and humiliation about my ego that my brain was on fire but x4000.. I was literally in hell. Idk.. I can't believe I've gotten to this point where I am now.. Every time I'm not on the right track, my brain remembers the trip and triggers a reaction of dp/dr where I think that everything isn't real which reminds me to stay on the right track. But it's exhausting - Especially with all of these panic attacks. I need to practice meditation and mindfulness but for some reason I shy away from it and search for hedonia and to kill pain. I'm like someone with PTSD."
174323323,They went away when I switched to Abilify last May. That’s when I noticed it. Feeling down used to trigger me to drink alcohol.
175874280,"‘All Apologies’. I Honestly Didn’t Know The Things I Said As I Post Here Sound Like Riddles. Not My Intention Really. I Kinda Thought The Way I Articulate Was Within Enough Simplicity That Any Child At A Very Young Age Would Be Able To Comprehend My Lessons In Etched Speech. Do You Have A Learning Disability In Reading And Understanding Simple Messages?. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175874281,"Yeah, true. The Lamictal is just for some extra mood stabilization, I’m pretty sure, but I’m looking forward to being back on it because my DPDR has never felt better while I was on it."
174323329,I was running the Medi-cal caseload for my county and I didn’t think they were teaching me to do it in accordance with the law. I began researching the laws and pretty soon discovered that they were in violation on several things. I tried to go through proper channels to change things to benefit my applicants and recipients but the Supervisor was too egomaniacal to let me change things. She started messing with me and I lost it due to stress and ended up going psychotic and launching an investigation against the county for the laws they were breaking. I went out on stress disability and never went back.
175874282,So the pastor didn’t think it was at all to do with evil spirits or devil’s or demons? That’s interesting And very helpful yea…
175874283,"Yes, switching drugs might be an alternative to just getting off Invega cold turkey. I’ve got about a month before my next shot so I have some time to think about it. Thanks for the input."
175874284,"I have already been like this for many many years,I don’t know what’s the Reason"
175874285,Your not going to hell just for smoking dude have done a million times worse than you and still on fence whether am going to hell or not. Am in hell already it seems. And god supposed to be a loving god a forgiving god smoking is trivail in the grand scheme of things try and relax my friend your safe
175874286,Of cognitive abilities. It was 31/2 hours long. I feel kind of stupid.
174323333,"Yeah, I feel and understand that a lot. When I left the hospital, i thought I was going to be physically disabled because the of the negative symptoms. I then forced myself to work. And walk. And lift. And it seemed to help me rebuild some ability. Modafinil and caffeine are my go to. But the anxiety is horrible. I just have to cope with it though. The care team I had last time said I was making a miraculously strong and good recovery and that being highly resilient and adaptable was doing me a lot of good. I think I have been lucky in that sense, psychologically willpower has always been very important to me."
175874287,"_PERSON_ had a cpn for 28 years, in various incarnations. You may have trust issues with them initially, cos the questions can be intrusive at first. But always be honest with them. Tell them everything, and that includes the good with the bad. They can’t help you properly otherwise. They are great for getting forms filled in for things like pip as well - and often saves you the medical appointment. Take it your been diagnosed Sz then?"
175874288,I'll be taking my evening meds in an hour then my night meds probably around 9
175874289,"Yes. An overnight success after 10 years ! You’re on the right path, you’ll be fine."
175874290,not today
175874291,_PERSON_ caught me singing it to myself and gave me the “you are the most deeply lame person to ever exist” face that teenagers do so well.
175874292,You ever read it?
174323328,I have terrible insomnia with Invega so my pcdoc put me on clozapine and that helped.
175874293,Just constant coonsidents in everything like I was chosen for this
174323341,I gaze in the direction of my phone.
175874294,didn’t it bother u ?
175874295,"Yes, but only when I was pretty sick an need legit crazy. Other than that only jokingly, not with any sort of negative connotation."
175874296,Mine used to be nice but turned evil when I started smoking cigs
175874297,Only done with therapy. Currently waiting at my normal doctors office now.
175874298,Sr _PERSON_ said... The flashing could be another source of the leakage. You just need a qualified person to take a look and advise you. Ah ok. So far the storms here have not been as bad as predicted. Just some rain. I will call someone sometime this week to come and check it out!!
175874299,That’s weird my voices are saying the same things that they give me fake feelings and they say it’s easy for any one else to notice but its bearly any thing some times it’s a lot but they say that I have the power to brake free from it but when I try I cant. I keep thinking that it’s a fake test and impossible to break free from but then i got a syncronisity from the movie blade runner saying I can. They also say that iam gonna get tortured forever because I smoked cigs and couldn’t get out of there game of controlling me. They say the pain is many times more worse than all the pain ever felt and that if I kill my self I’ll just make it worse. They also say everyone else pasted this test including all the aliens and that I am the only one that failed cuz I smoked ciggs and cant stop.
175874300,"Hah, ok, no problem… Well, I still don’t control mine as said it my doc. She also said to stop switching meds, that they gave me also too many in the past so I give a time to my brain to heal if its possible already… Me, I find that I need to change too first… Not any external cause didn’t help me till now… I cant even go out with friends anymore by fear and agitation… Anyway, I’ll try to not give up. I am too scared to put an end of my life but I had a suicidal ideation for something like 20 years… And this makes dumb, really… I had only suicidal thoughts for very, very long… I went very deep in this illness. And I am sorry if I still don’t understand you quite well or the others… I just went like this, very focused on my problems … I guess sometimes with the age, its just gets better though idk…But yeap, keep going and I believe you’ll be fine."
175874301,You’re giving away all your trade secrets !
175874302,Staind - For You
174323340,"Yes, it wasn’t severe."
175874303,"Yes. I feel like I regress when certain memories come up. I don’t know the or a, solution."
175874304,I dont hear voices but if you go around listening to them then thats kinda creepy I think
175874305,"I am feeling this way right now, very panicked and can’t catch my breath… Don’t know what it is though. Wish I could help"
175874306,I’m still on my mom’s insurance. After that I dunno how I’ll pay for my meds
175874307,"Like almost everyone else I still struggle with a lack of motivation. It’s hard to find any fire or passion to get anything accomplished. I just don’t seem to care enough to get things done. I can’t summon the energy to care enough. I want to, I just can’t. So things go undone unless they absolutely have to. I had been struggling with anxiety badly until my pdoc upped my Cymbalta to 120 mgs and that seemed to help a lot. Now I only deal with a little anxiety and only when it seems appropriate. Also I deal with some residual depression symptoms, but very minor. I’m used to dealing with severe depression so I almost don’t even want to complain about it. I deal with the sugar cravings that my ap’s cause and the obesity that has come from all of the ap’s I’ve use over the years. I think my residual depression is related to my eating disorder and my weight problem. Sometimes when a stressor occurs I will have auditory hallucinations. They are mild and don’t last long. Sometimes a whi
sper or some music. Sometimes an actual voice. It’s been forever since I’ve had any visuals. As far as I know I’m not suffering with any delusions right now."
175874308,"Hello everyone Tomorrow I am going on a trip with some family. My biggest anxiety from this is leaving my home for a week. I get very OCD when going on trips. I double, triple check everything before I leave. I am having someone come by in the middle to check on things but I am still nervous nonetheless"
175874309,"""This song gets randomly stuck in my head every couple of months for the last 10 years and I'm fine with it. Never gets old"" ""A moment of silence for the poor souls who haven’t found this song yet."" Took me a while to find this song. It was really hard to find it. All I heard when I was a kid was ""I wanna beat that million dollars, woah"" so imagine how hard to find that.."
175874310,Actually eating well will deplete your fat cells but will not eliminate them. Thus the minute you slip and eat junk again those fat cells will fill up. That is one reason why when most people end their diets they gain all the weight back quickly. The only way to legitimately burn fat and get rid of fat cells is by converting them to muscle cells through exercise! Muscle cells need more energy too so the more muscle you have the higher your metabolism will be. But eating well is a very good step to take also for many reasons.
175874311,I feel like my voices hear my every thought too. I hate it when I have thoughts I don’t want them to hear.
175874312,"I used to be but I’ve improved. Like _AT_MENTION_ if you gave me the advice on my music in the past I’d take it too personally. Now I went to reddit and made a thread on how to improve lyrical content need to grow,"
175874313,Or sadist. _PERSON_!
175874314,Yup. Good days and bad days.
175874315,"u said the Aps never helped u , ok , take yourself off from them , i dun undestand why u would take something that’s not helping u. and stop ???????? , as i have said , u are a ???? with a very low compliance to your medicines and always trying to get yourself off from them(i am the same) , so do it and take the responsibility yourself."
175874316,"No biggie about the book. Chapter 4 is very tough, but after that it get's easier. I wrote a bit about chapter 4 on the post's ""comments"" section of which you nicely shared. If you're puzzled, that comment might help."
175874317,I think you need better coffee for sure lol
175874318,"I don’t know what it is exactly other than deciding to just simply love others. It could be a placebo from the night time coming though, since I generally do better close to bedtime. Some of the crap that was in our head earlier this morning isn’t here right now."
175874319,You’ll only lose weight really if you can sustain it and the same meal every day can get boring. I like your short term chances but question how things will go in the long term.
174323343,How about brain fart disease.
175874320,"just had lunch: apple, peanut butter and jelly sandwich, dorritos."
174323338,"Yeah I would wake up at like 3am with terrible restlessness, couldnt sit, or lie down had to pace around for 30 minutes waiting for ativan to take effect. I don’t think I experienced restless leg syndrome though"
174323349,"From my experience, not aripiprazole. I can’t concentrate for longer than 20 minutes or so in one go. Unless it’s easy stuff"
175874321,I feel like a failure.
175874322,"I look terrible today, usually look better, just wish a miracle"
174323350,"No, not yet. We lower doses gradually and slowly. I still take 60mg abilify, 20mg zyprexa and 200mg clozaril. Here in Greece we run out of haldol injections and clozaril (leponex here). So I don’t know what we’ll do"
175874323,"Not going skiing today but I'll be going when I get back from vacation,..."
175874324,You know just have _NAME_ s s come back _NAME_. Start a Tupperware party in the mid of the street.
175874325,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ . What kind of things are you eating?
175874326,"You live with your provider, right? Secondhand smoke is deadly. Dont risk someone else’s life, even if you’re willing to risk your own."
175874327,My roommate won't let me put the AC on. I don't know what to do. Everytime I move I get a bigger headache from a new roommate. That's partly why I didn't choose to move before here. She walks her wheel chair over to the AC which is close to my bed and turns it off. I hate it here. I don't know what to do.
175874328,"https://onlinelibrary._NAME_.com/doi/full/10.1111/apha.13543 Mouse and human expression analyses have shown that the mammalian histamine H3 receptor is expressed in the cerebral cortex, thalamus, hypothalamus, basal ganglia, hippocampus and _USER_ID_.6 In zebrafish larvae and juveniles, strong hrh3 expression has been observed in the telencephalon, with moderate expression levels in the hypothalamus, thalamus and optic tectum.25 To assess the potential role of the hrh3 receptor in aggression, we first mapped hrh3 distribution in the adult zebrafish brain (Figure 1). Similar to larvae and juveniles,25 hrh3 expression is limited to discrete brain areas and cell populations with the strongest expression in the telencephalon. Dorsal telencephalic subregions showed very strong signals, especially in the medial and lateral zone of the dorsal telencephalic area (Dm and Dl; Figure 1A?C), regions that are considered homologous to the mammalian _USER_ID_ and hippocampus respectively.26 We also noted strong e
xpression in the posterior zone of the dorsal telencephalic area (Dp, Figure 1A?C) and moderate expression in the ventral, dorsal, supra? and post?commissural nuclei of the ventral telencephalic area (Vv, Vd, Vs and Vp; Figure 1A?C). Vd and Vv are particularly interesting as they have been proposed to be homologues of the mammalian striatum and septal formation respectively.26 We also detected strong hrh3 signals in hypothalamic brain areas including the anterior parvocellular preoptic nucleus (PPa; Figure 1B,C), ventral, caudal and dorsal zone of the periventricular hypothalamus (Hv, Hc and Hd), the periventricular nucleus of the inferior lobe of the hypothalamus (PVN) and the diffuse nucleus of the inferior lobe (DIL) (Figure 1D?F). Notably, we also found hrh3 expression in neurons around the posterior recess of the diencephalic ventricle (PR; Figure 1F), which is the area that is known to contain histaminergic neurons in the zebrafish brain.23 Outside the hypothalamus and telencephalon, we detected strong 
hrh3 expression in the periventricular grey zone of the optic tectum (PGZ; Figure 1D?g), moderate expression in the torus lateralis (TLa; Figure 1E), the posterior tuberal nucleus (PTN; Figure 1E) and the periventricular nucleus of posterior tuberculum (TPp; Figure 1D) and weak hrh3 expression in various thalamic nuclei (Figure 1D) and the griseum centrale (GC; Figure 1G)."
175874329,"Hey _AT_MENTION_ do you by chance know the concentration levels of amyloban present in the actual mushroom itself? It is being sold at my local market and I want to buy some, but not mess up my med schedule."
175874330,Hahaha true lol
175874331,"That makes me think. I would love to take advantage of my ability to see details in the obvious and the overlooked, and write a book about it."
175874332,"I really appreciate that. For what it’s worth, it is very obvious how much you have learned and grown since that time, and I don’t hold a grudge."
175874333,I got my first paycheck with the new job and with all the deductions I am bringing home less money than my last job although the pay is more. I wasn’t getting any benefits with the last job. I don’t need medical or dental though. My take home pay is only a couple hundred dollars more than what I make in SSDI. In the short term I would be better off staying on SSDI and taking a part time job at McDonalds or something. I would bring home more money. But I am paying into another retirement system and a 401k. Plus next year if I do a good job I get a raise of two paygrades. It’s all relative. Hopefully I don’t fall flat on my face.
174323346,"I reckon you will be alright - i know it dont stop you worrying tho. Not sure if your US or UK mate. But mines been deferred to October 2021 uk here. Schizophrenia is described as a “severe” mental impairment - so i reckon you will be fine. It helps if you send your clinic copy letters too, with a statement from your shrink. Thats what i did anyway."
175874334,It has been silent now after 6 weeks on amyloban and invega 234mg. Now I just need to try to find fixes for negatives
175874335,Looking good. Hope you have fun.
175874336,i only want stability on meds not changing them every now and then
175874337,Looks great. Good job
175874338,"I been following Arsenal for years,recently tired to finished the whole game…but because of covid 19,I do miss watching"
175874339,"It’s best to tune out any weirdness that doesn’t pertain to the kind of reality you want to live in. If you start latching on to “cues” that “people are watching”, you’re going to be training your brain to see more of that in public, and you’ll go down the path to insanity."
175874340,"Did your doctor ever give you propanolol ? That will lower your heart rate. It's also a blood pressure med, but many people use if for stage fright and the sudden elevation of heart rate and BP."
175874341,I’ve got no symptoms when I’m stable.
175874342,It’s kind of funny. I actually went out and bought a bunch of containers so I could set them out when it rained to collect the water. Eventually I resorted to collecting it out of the down spouts on the house.
175874343,"Futurism Doctors are giving Alzheimer's patients LSD ""The study provides reassuring safety data and opens the door for larger scale clinical trials to evaluate the potential therapeutic effects of LSD."""
175874344,"PubMed Clozapine Metabolism is Associated With Absolute Neutrophil Count in... Up to one-third of those with schizophrenia fail to respond to standard antipsychotics and are considered to have treatment-resistant schizophrenia, a condition for which clozapine is the only evidence-based medication. While up to 60% of treated..."
175874345,"my stays locally were calm and peaceful. some of my other stays were not too great. one guy kept starting fights, he must’ve been in at least 3 or 4 fist fights in the 3 months i was there. threw a banana at me at lunch before i was allowed to go to the cafeteria, but he would’ve whipped me easy, so i just took it. plus im not much of a fighter. i remember he tried to provoke me by calling me “_NAME_ beiber” haha. i was just like whatever. was forcibly medicated every time when i thought the meds were poison, so that was a bit traumatic. being on staff at some of those places would be tough. parts of it i liked, but yes some patients are troublesome. so that makes me hesitant to go back."
175874346,"The strain that I'm on is 6% THC and 10% CBD. I smoke enough to feel as if it's like a benzo except it doesn't make me tired - But I don't feel high.. Hopefully nothing bad happens later today from smoking it. If I get dp/dr, I won't smoke it again."
175874347,Vacationer Zombie in London: Thaaaames. Movie star Zombie: faaaaame Pro Bowler Zombie: Fraaames
175874348,I tried it this morning. I didn’t last long but that’s alright. I hope to improve in time.
175874349,i am talking about sustenna and trinza
175874350,"I think they were both just your average jerks and were just messing with you. They weren’t hired. Just consider the source, they were there for a reason."
175874351,Just withdrawal probably. I quit coffee completely and felt really bad for a couple of weeks. Then felt better than I was when I was drinking coffee. But I now take 1 cup a day due to boredom. If I take 2 or more cups it makes me feel bad.
175874352,"Hope it works for you! I hear good things for SZ about a pure vegan, mostly raw diet. Look into _NAME_, the banana lady."
175874353,You get withdrawal symptoms after just one day?
175874354,I want _AT_MENTION_ to be in the passenger seat or vice CEO of moose parade
175874355,"Patients will be forced into playing their own advocate at times, and that’s sad. I will agree the current standard in practice is: Medicate as best they can for the symptoms, shirk most of the side effects, and hope for the best QOL you can, within reason. Sometimes it feels like they’ve stopped trying"
175874356,I read a book a long time ago called the happiness trap. it was a book on Acceptance and commitment therapy. It was good.
175874357,i said that masks make me freak out in about 10 minutes so I got prescribed that to deal with it. I think it had the opposite effect.
175874358,"I’m starting to think that some users on this forum are bots and not actual users. It’s very difficult to shake this thought off, and I know that they are just trying to prove a theory or something, but I just keep thinking that they are a bot and not an actual human being."
175874359,I had opportunities to committ suicide. God Im going to take a Klonopin. Y’all need benzo if I benefits me. I mean the last ??????? weakling
175874360,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ I hope you can get through the PHP program and be able to move forward with the IOP. HUGS to you my friend. _PERSON_
175874361,"yea im going ask him thanks. it has collagen, elastin, argan oil and _NAME_ butter. it did improve my stretch marks. Product is called palmers massage lotion stretch marks. its a great product its pretty cheap too, i been using it for while i like it."
175874362,Thanks vladyslavbond.
175874363,I am also going through a hard time. You do need help from friends though. Are you sure there isn’t anyone you can call?
175874364,"Hi there, what is it you are looking for?"
175874365,"Thanks everyone! Really appreciate that _AT_MENTION_, was my pleasure to work on your ballad! Im reallly glad you think its that good, Im still amazed by the success, I think we captured lightning in a bottle there. Maybe it can happen again though! Looking forward to our next project"
175874366,If people could off other people by thinking about it there wouldn’t be over 7.5 billion people on planet Earth.
175874367,I have heard angels too
175874368,yeah my resume is saved. i haven’t applied for a job for a year though. i may have a 30 minute commute to get a part time job. or else i could try working for the casino here in town. i don’t want to work at the casino but i could do it if i had to. also subway and the pizza place here in town hire part timers.
175874369,"Eminetra New Zealand – 18 Apr 21 Experimental drug indicates possible schizophrenia - Eminetra New Zealand Latest mental health news _NAME_ Day Reporter Thursday, April 16, 2020 (HealthDay News)-Experimental drug, schizophreniaEarly clinical trials suggest, without the side effects of existing drugs. For over a month, researchers have discovered... Est. reading time: 4 minutes"
175874370,living with her i definitely could save but my mental health which still isn’t the greatest might suffer. I could try to live with her for a year and save money maybe i could buy a cheap condo after that. I could see if she is different. I know she is uncomfortable moving in with us and says she doesn’t want to impose. .
175874371,I believe my default state is mildly delusional ngl
175874372,"Will shower after I shovel the snow, video at 11"
175874373,It’s all in your head. No one is recording you or following you.
175874374,Oh that must be nice. I’m glad you’re in a safe space for yourself. Still interested in calculus? I passed my class and got an A.
175874375,"No. I wouldn’t do that. Never go off your meds without agreeing with your doctor. However if you feel stable over a long period of time. Say a year. Then maybe you could say to your doctor that you are feeling good and stable and would like to either try to reduce your medication, or go completely off it. But never quit without a doctors consent."
175874376,How many did you take?
175874377,"I agree, BB is SP, how is your fluid reading been since it's picked up? I'm back to normality again. Still, I'm thinking about getting fish oil though..."
175874378,"I’m almost 43, and I feel as if nothing has happened since I was 19 or so. I also feel younger than I am, but I have mixed feelings as to how much younger."
175874379,I believ the _NAME_ are trying to Make me gay by giving me sexual anal tactile hallucinations. I think there definetly is a link alright
175874380,That's good. I really liked Zyprexa. I did gain a lot of weight though. But otherwise it was really easy to tolerate. I don't think I had any other side effects. I hope it will work out well for you.
175874381,"I have a few different scents, but my personal favourite is eucalyptus, the followed closely by lavender."
175874382,Just drank a bunch of coffee. Weird considering it's evening here... I usually do that though.
175874383,I had one of those once!
175874384,I think you are hallucinating. You probably need your meds adjusted.
175874385,But why the illuminati? They haven’t been around for centuries. How come you chose them as your nemesis?
175874386,Lol like mine program thats cool.
175874387,I work from home right now. I am supposed to work 40 hours a week. That’s what I get paid for but I never have that much work to do. With this Corona virus our hands are tied collecting taxes and I can’t go out in the field and collect. Usually I would spend one to two days a week just driving around visiting people and businesses. Now we have to just call them on the phone. Most of my taxpayers don’t believe I am with the IRS and think I am trying to scam them. I can’t show them my credentials over the phone. It’s frustrating. Il
175874388,I dunno I think it’s the other way around I really don’t expect him to drop everything to come see me. He works until 6pm sometimes more. He has a demanding job. He also travels to work 2 hours In every morning. I can’t expect him to drop all that just to come see me at 2. It’s 1 hours away for him from his work to my house. With regards to sex I don’t see that as vital or the most important part of a relationship at all. If barely happens. And that’s partly why I’m with him because he never pushes it.
175874389,It definitely makes a difference why did you stop?
175874390,"Even more worryingly, if every discovery can be simulated, how do we refute _PERSON_’ malevolent daimon? (Of course we can’t)."
175874391,"Ohhhh, I tried! I can’t think straight right now! I’ll deal with it later… Thanks guys!"
175874392,"I think that’s the issue. Almost everyone I’ve known has undervalued me. I feel like I keep having to gain accomplishments to prove I am worthy. Mainly to family. Not my dad tho. But I feel like that subconsciously. Upfront, I feel like if I want to do something like my dream, it’s best to just go all out and get it done with a bang. Another thing is, I try to keep busy to keep the psychosis away."
175874393,I had a breakdown and we all sorted things out.
175874394,"im on invega tablets i switched from a med that i was on that made me gain over 100 lbs, im losing weight on invega and i feel very stable, a little restless at times but mostly i feel like a normal person and havent had any serious side effects, mood is good, everyone has a different experience with meds but invega has been the best med ive been on so far"
175874395,"I’m lifting Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday this week. That gives me a day of recovery after each workout. I’m doing HIIT on the treadmill 5 days a week"
175874396,"Have you guys ever heard of this supplement called EmPowerPlus? I think it might be a multi vitamin, which apparently helps with mental illness Heres a lady talking about it."
175874397,Throw away garbage Make list of what I should to do every day Put old furniture on curb to be taken away by community truck pirates
175874398,Have you ever tried eating before taking your meds?
175874399,Yeah we do. Sometimes I have to put myself in check.
175874400,"ohhh, pretty. Good for you. I hope you love them."
175874401,There's at least 4 songs I know of and a few coldplay songs that I listened to in Guatemala. They remind me of being there. I think the 3 weeks that I was in Guatemala and El _NAME_ was the best time of my life. Nothing could have ever been better... Nothing!!! That's why I want to travel the world.. It'd make me happy..
175874402,Surviving this weekend
175874403,I recorded a bunch of them. I’m watching The Killer Shrews right now.
175874404,it was for me…should have been in therapy since age 12…schools are such f*ck ups
175874405,"awwww this is so nicely drawn! Thank you, I’m honoured"
175874406,"People with quirky personality are most often called eccentric, unusual, strange and even bizarre, but the truth is that they are missing the bigger picture. You see, these people are not afraid to play weird instruments, wear different clothes, have some unusual hobbies or say what they mean. 1111"
174323352,"I’ve been thinking about your story all night and all day. I worked full-time with low income families at an elementary school for ten years. I married and started a family. We have two toddlers. I volunteered in the community and served in ministry at church. I traveled overseas and enjoyed many vacations. I’ve been in counseling for four years. I was diagnosed with schizoaffective two years ago. I’ve overdosed three times in the last five years. My worst nightmare came true, and a social worker called child protective services on me after an overdose. She was worried my children were being neglected, not abused. CPS told me I was a great mother and there was nothing to worry about. They weren’t opening a case, and they weren’t keeping a file. It was just a routine check, and they found NOTHING. It continues to haunt me. It was almost four years ago. I say this because if your worst nightmare come true and they look into you as a mother, they will find, like me, a great mother who cares 
about her child. They will find someone who is trying their best and giving their all. They will find someone willing to do anything for their children to give them their best life. You need help. Your child and your husband need you to get help. I’m sorry this is happening to you. I’m sorry to say this, but it will only get worse. That’s the nature of the illness."
174323357,Try these. https://www.iherb.com/pr/Sundown-Naturals-B-Complex-100-Tablets/32621 They’ll curb abilify induced hunger pangs.
175874407,"I plan to work after I finish my studies, with maybe an internship placed in there. We will see though. I very well could be disabled by then"
175874408,"Feel you, im still young at 26, my delusions started ar 20 years old and I have been hospitalized 7 times already"
174323366,"alright, well, I’m not sure what you mean by ‘cured’ I get lots of negative symptoms, and some break through positive symptoms I’m heavily medicated, but I’m high functioning, for the most part. Let’s talk about you. Are you hearing voices?"
174323360,"Even if they were concerned about negative symptoms, there wouldn’t be much they could do."
175874409,I made your profile private for you
175874410,Hugs. I’m very sorry.
175874411,thanks a lot _AT_MENTION_ I’m glad you checked it out =)
175874412,Awesome....enjoy!
175874413,"You can self harm yourself so full isolation not a good idea especially when you had previous suicide attempts. Anyway your idea of isolation is a good one. I mean when you have some edginess, bad temper etc its always best to avoid human contact as this will prevent bad actions. Little bit of positive symptoms and isolation might be a reasonable one but full medication off is dangerous. This you can talk with your pdoc."
175874414,have you spoken to your dr about it? there could be a specific cause for it?
175874415,Hopefully it doesn’t take me too long to find a new doc. I’m scared of side effects if I don’t get my medication. I hope it works out
175874416,And your english is pretty good.
175874417,"I keep waiting for someone to come up with mass produced, cheap, temporary housing that will take care of the basic needs of people and allow them to live relatively comfortably in housing that they would want to stay in for only a couple of years, usually, but which they are allowed to stay in as long as they care to if they want that. Maybe they could use quansett huts. I see a lot of people buying campers to live in as a residence. That tells me something like this is needed."
175874418,That’s great! What book are you reading? What’s it about?
175874419,"That too. What I meant tho was more like, stores will operate online more than just brick and mortar. Probably even more efficiently for those businesses that already are online, like amazon. I think certain things will become digital that weren’t before. I should’ve worded it better sorry. But what you said too is true, I feel."
175874420,Why was I flagged? Im confused
175874421,"It took me a little while to get the play on words is about the word “like”. Very clever, _PERSON_."
175874422,"Why would she do that? Anyway, I’m glad you’re feeling better now"
175874423,Thanks _NAME_! I like you too.
175874424,"This is like the 6th night in the row I’ve slept 5 or less hours, it’s been so hard to sleep."
175874425,"Slightly off-topic and slightly on-topic… My new network repeater arrived from Amazon and was up and running in two minutes. No more WiFi dead spots in my home. amazon.ca Aigital WiFi Extender 1200mbps WiFi Repeater Range Extender Dual Band... Aigital WiFi Extender 1200mbps WiFi Repeater Range Extender Dual Band 2.4G&5G Wireless Extender with 2 Ethernet Port,Router/Reapter Mode-Covers 20 Devices with 4 External Advanced Antennas: Amazon.ca: Electronics CDN$ 59.99 The simulation is now running better with less latency and packet loss!"
174323363,"But do you have paranoia, delusions or hallucinations? Meds don’t work for other symptoms. Maybe try Abilify, Rexulti or Vraylar like me?"
175874426,Not believing that I suffer from sz
175874427,Omg no emails today and it’s Tuesday. Antici-paaaayaaay-tion.
175874428,"_AT_MENTION_ I hope you want it, get it, thrive, and keep your disability benefits. Congrats…"
175874429,good to hear you feel a little bit better. I hope the upped haldol does keeps helping you.
175874430,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ . I hope they like it.
175874431,"I am sure that the head pressure issue is due to brain inflammation. I feel that the solution to that is to do what you can to stay out of “oxidative impairment” mode and consume a great deal of antioxidants every day via diet and, ideally, some source of the cheap, plentiful and effective antioxidant hydrogen gas, like hydrogen-infused water, or maybe hydrogen inhalation. I’ve been drinking hydrogen water for my head pressure for the past two weeks, after switching from alkaline water that I had drank for 2 months (which also works via hydrogen being dissolved in the water), and my headache is getting markedly better every day! It used to be a debilitating 8 to 9 out of 10 headache, and at present it’s more of a 1 to 2 out of 10. I feel that once I switch to the hydrogen inhaler, that will speed up my recovery. semanticscholar.org Hydrogen improves neurological function through attenuation of blood–brain... BackgroundEnhanced oxidative stress occurs in spontaneously hypertensive stroke-p
rone rats (SHRSP), and is important in blood–brain barrier (BBB) disruption. Hydrogen can exert potent protective cellular effects via reduction in oxidative stress in... So, hydrogen water heals the blood-brain barrier, and I’m assuming hydrogen inhalation is even more effective."
174323365,"Hahaha yes they do. Ah well, i hope you will find a dose of clozapine that helps you. I have read your stories before and hoped you would find something helpful. Im now almost at my parents house, we will go build my son a desk for his new room!"
175874432,"Yeah i hear you - i know quite alot of people in my MH circle that cant tolerate the stuff too, people i know get restless legs on the stuff, but for me 300mg suits me."
175874433,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I haven’t drawn in a long time. Hope I can continue.
174323369,"I had diagnosis of schizophrenia only for quite short time in 2016 and I was not working then. When I was diagnosed with schizotypal disorder regularly, I worked seven hours daily five days in the week for some months, but this job was rather due to ruling of moderate level of disability (in addition with “special” disease which means that employer had larger financial benefit than in the case of employing persons with handicap in mobility or having no hearing) and it was very simple job, not requiring high education level, without closer contact with other people. Someone named that job “slandering of people”, two times persons which were quite important threatened me about calling the police. It was outdoor job, what was sometimes really problematic due to rain, wind, scorching sun, frost etc."
175874434,What’s your weather like these days? What season are you in?
175874435,I must have said no anhedonia and not extasy.
175874436,"In Michigan, visiting the psychiatrist is about $200/ visit. Then it’s over $1000 per month for the med you want. They won’t see you once a year. It’ll be every 3 months minimum"
175874437,My girlfriend has schizophrenia. I met her at a mental health “drop-in” center (a drop-in center is a place for people with a mental illness to socialize (it closed a year after I met her).
175874438,I've got an SE too. I like it because it's small; that's why I got one as they were the smallest available.
174323367,"I haven’t read about whether they think that the auditory cortex is not plastic after infancy. They believe the visual cortex has a critical period, and after it closes does not significantly change - but they have reopened that period in mice and I think cats, with stem cells. So maybe there will be something they will be able to do there, stem cells, or drugs that increase plasticity and brain training, or electric stimulation."
175874439,But how can you be so sure?
175874440,Sliced cucumber w/ salt
175874441,"Hi, _AT_MENTION_! Yes, it makes perfect sense! And good for you!, being aware & caring for your body & brain. And you are doing wonderful by the way."
175874442,"Yes, that is true. And also, things were turbulent lately."
175874443,Now I have a deep _NAME_. I have seen all these before and this thread now
175874444,Literally just making it up on the fly.
175874445,"I’ve been on Trilafon for greater than 50 years. One side effect of Trilafon is lowered blood pressure. Through out my adult life, I’ve had one attractive gal or another take my blood pressure, get like 120/60, nod approvingly, and say, “You must work out.”"
175874446,Messing with brain chemistry probably isn’t that good for you however it might make you feel better
175874447,Well when the Depression hits people will prob. take me more seriously and by then it will be nearly impossible to achieve UBI. UBI will save the economy that’s all I think. And the wealth gap is only increasing…
175874448,"The anxiety will go away when you get older. I got kind of used to anxiety. When your fears are not delusional. I grew into this world, but i have to take medication. Exercise helped me and mindfulness. Sometimes i isolate and go camping. Living in the here and now and don’t think about the future so much. We are in good hands."
175874449,Heard. I woke up in the middle of the night to children speaking in satanic voices. My girlfriend woke up also. She heard them too. I wasn’t sick yet though. Freaky.
175874450,I have the military insurance too and it’s good also. Tricare. If you get your meds through the mail most of them are free too but you have to get a 90 day supply so you pretty much have to be stable. Latuda was $30 for a 90 day supply. If you go to the pharmacy and get one months worth they are $5 each or less. I still use my insurance for urgent care and to see specialists sometimes like a podiatrist but you can’t beat free. The VA takes good care of me. I get free dental too. They clean my teeth every three months.
175874451,I understand. It’s like when I ask my husband to help me look for bugs and cameras
175874452,Satistically people suffering from alcoholism are more violent than schizophrenics.
175874453,Keep being Awesome _AT_MENTION_ !
175874454,"I avoid fighting and arguing with people at all costs, but if you HAVE to argue with someone, do in sensible, logical, and convincing manner that will help the other person understand your viewpoint."
175874455,You need to shower or wear deodorant
175874456,When I first started haldol my voices went away. But years later they came back.
175874457,I was put on antipsychotics following a psychotic episode 10 years ago… i got taken off that a few months ago… i started an antidepressant over a week ago and 4 days in had a pychosis… not sure if its the meds or lack of sleep because after some sleep the next day it was gone…
175874458,"When I don’t hear voices, I feel I am in disfavor or punishment. I feel so lonely"
175874459,"Crazy. Glad it works. I always felt weird about that. I mean it’s from the gas station; is it really good CBD? What about getting the high CBD plants with low THC? I don’t know. I don’t think I should look into it or try it. I’m starting a new med. I am on Vraylar too. If things don’t work for me, maybe I should try the plants with 99% or something CBD. The oil is expensive. The ones I was looking at were like hundreds a month at least. It’s legal in California."
175874460,"I doubt that anyone would look forward to it at any time. But at the same time, it is an issue that is out of the individual’s control."
175874461,looks like it’s worth a shot. I hope it works out for you so keep strong and don’t keep the key yourself!
175874462,"i wouldnt say im anti christian, but im not a christian. i’ve been getting into older religions and pre christianity, sometimes i think i may be hindu."
175874463,"Excerpt from US State Department website: https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/traveladvisories/ea/covid-19-information.html *U.S. Citizens Returning from Europe U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents will be permitted to return from the European Schengen area. The Department of Homeland Security will be issuing instructions requiring U.S. passengers that have been in the Schengen area to travel through select airports where the U.S. Government has implemented enhanced screening procedures. See the DHS website for further details. The Schengen area encompasses the following 26 European countries: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland. Please see our U.S. Travelers in Europe page for additional information on travel from the Schengen area."""
175874464,I need to. _PERSON_ and I keep putting it off.
174323375,I feel that way sometimes. Schizophrenia can be a double edge sword so to speak.
175874465,What I mean is that if she wasn’t then a relationship isn’t physically possible for me. Even though I might emotionally love her it wouldn’t be physically possible for me.
175874466,"Yeah good words. Id like to be able to grow. Im trying, but my mind is awful self defeating. Today im trying to tell myself “thats pretty good” over and over. Hopefully it becomes the new way."
175874467,It’s the capacity to see thoughts and emotions as thoughts and emotions rather then embodying them when the arise. Typically it’s something you have to develop through some form of meditation or mindfulness but an example would be getting angry for some reason and instead of it fully shaping your thoughts and actions over what ever length of time you were going to be angry you notice the anger when it occurs and are able to step back and just see it as an emotion. “seeing with your minds eye” is just that. Noticing anger as anger. Noticing a thought as just a thought.
175874468,"Yes! Very helpful! I have not heard of the the last exercise you mention (5,4,3.2....) I'll give that a try."
175874469,"I repeat, I’m serious."
175874470,"If voices would tell me something like this, I would be careful. But you know, they are stupid voices, don’t make sense"
175874471,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Thank you.
175874472,Solid advice. I can’t sleep without melatonin
175874473,I don’t know if I do
175874474,Got some sleep. Still not feeling the best. I posted on a group on fb about feeling like a dumbfck and someone say it’s probably cuz it’s secretly true.
175874475,"I was able to be awarded both high rate PIP without a medical as its clear that I’m seriously disabled by SZA and I have lots of evidence. Get 24/7 support from care staff, etc. A large input from intellectual disability services. My community nurse things its okay for me to travel when well but I fear I will be committing fraud. I have the option to go on holiday with my support staff for support but this is expensive. This way the Darpartment for work and Pensions (social security) won’t have a problem with me travelling. If I went alone especially for 28 days to Sri Lanka in November (if covid is not bad) This could be used against me as they’ll say I’m more able then I said I was, - my staff said I was? I could go to Israel on a tour holiday for 8 days in November instead but this is very expensive. Like £6000 including staff wages. If I went alone this would cause me much worry that I might be breaking the law. Is it best to go with staff?"
175874476,I keep having thoughts about the devil every time I do daily activities. When my thoughts tells me to play with the devil and I refuse I get tired and fatigued (alzhimers feeling) I also BELIVE that 90% of world population doesn’t know have to play with the devil. It’s a way to show God that your are worthy.
175874478,"I think my ap medicines block me from going insane. I also think my antidepressant blocks me from getting depressed. I didn’t take my antidepressant for like a couple of weeks. Then I got depressed, so I figured it out…that it doesn’t make me more happy, but it blocks me from getting depressed."
175874479,Should I Stay or Should I Go
175874480,If it did I think the people who smoke a lot would have become schizophrenic anyway due to stress or any other thing without weed.
175874481,You’re not a spy. It’s just a delusion.
175874482,Has invega helped your disorganized thoughts?
175874483,How calming that news is. She is working on herself and that is wonderful.
175874484,Keep having paranoia in the evenings
175874485,I’m pretty excited. My boss approved my idea for starting a plant information series on our FB page. I share pictures of local plants and info about them. I can finally put my hobby to good use! I also offered to help ID any plants people submit pics of.
175874486,Yeah I feel so as well. At least the antipsychotics. Maybe not the mood stabilisers.
175874487,"Drugs.com Drug Interaction Report - Drugs.com This seems to say there is no known interaction, but it is not an exhaustive resource."
175874488,Pain that they couldn’t feel yet caused them many problems and reactions they could not understand. Society just can make people feel so tense.
174323387,down pretty far on the front page it will have a list of small links to click on and success stories is one of them last time I looked.
175874489,I'm gonna stop taking this much antipsychotics as soon as I can. It's all in my mind... Isn't it? Literally??????????????
175874490,i’m trying to be nice
175874491,I’d stay a family
175874492,"If anything - i can get too emotional over stuff, that people would wonder why im laughing or crying. Music brings it out in me alot. You can always tell what mood im in by my Spotify Playlist."
174323380,"PubMed Emerging 5-HT Receptor Antagonists for the Treatment of Schizophrenia - PubMed In addition to their efficacy in treating negative symptoms and cognition, these compounds may also have a role in modulating antipsychotic-induced dopamine super-sensitivity and preventing relapse. They may also show efficacy in treating patients..."
174323376,"I’m currently taking risperidone 2mg daily, I hope 10mg will be okay."
175874493,My family calls me that now lol
174323378,"Welcome. I personally do not, but there are plenty of folks here who are able to"
175874494,Certain essential oils make me feel like I cant breathe. Even some incense.
175874495,I’m not cured I still have bleed-through symptoms so I know that I’m not missing out on anything by having to take meds.
175874496,I think so. When my mum got cancer she got the best of care and immediately was offered help by a psychologist. I begged for psychological care for years and didnt get it. I think psychiatry is far behind real medicine in such things and should immediately involve psychological care if wanted by the patiënt.
175874497,I’m not so fond of nuts but I like walnuts for their omega 3
175874498,"The receptionist lady was rude to me while I tried to get an appointment because pdoc said he wanted to see me in two weeks last week and I have not heard anything. She told me she’s not the secretary. And I understand she must be under a lot of pressure because the secretary isn’t doing her job properly or probably but that’s no way to treat me. Or perhaps they is so much work and not enough staff. She hates when I call, but all I am trying to do is get my appointment."
175874499,…happened to me a lot and then I also stopped greeting and felt better…
175874500,I think you heard it wrong. It was actually Canada who invaded China.
175874501,Seeking medical treatment behind my parents backs sounds like a really bad idea in my opinion. I feel it could lead to some unwanted outcomes.
174323383,I would like to try Rexulti but I didn’t do so well on Abilify _AT_MENTION_. Kind of anxious about revisiting Abilify or switching meds. Last time I switched meds I ended up completely unhinged and was sent to the psych hospital for 5 weeks.
175874502,"welcome back. I have fertilize my wife’s eggs twice and get my son.It is not easy. I agree with you _NAME_,there are some secrets in women’s eggs."
175874503,What ya shopping for today?
175874504,"So my moms surgery is today....she’s in pre op right now. My sister is home now....getting flu germs all over the house I hope she doesn’t make my dad sick because he’s the only line of care for my mom. She had a terrible time in the hotel though. Her dog has some kind of infection too. I just don’t think they’re thinking about infection right...I mean I know I’m the microbiologist but it’s not like they’re listening, they just went off the rails."
175874505,"My mind is slow today, I feel dirty and nasty. This dysphoria sucks :[. Currently still sleepy after a long nap of 4 hours. I guess whats left to do is to take my pills to balance my chemicals. Then im off to sleep which I can’t wait, makes me happy to know I will be able to rest my sick head. Kind of ironic I feel down and depressed then feel happy for sleep. Anyway all I’ll be on for a while then heading off to sleep. Tonight is time for prayer or meditation, doesn’t matter, diary time , and end it off with a warm cup of milk. Thats about it, even though I have trouble deciding what to believe but that is beside the point. I make personal prayers about anything to anything just a part of my recovery I guesss, I’m rambling good night. Forlorn saint."
175874506,Could I get my tagline changed to: Constant Vigilance! Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! Mrs_Norris_PS.jpg 1359×1201 458 KB WB_F3_Crookshanks_SOLOcrop_C240_51_UP_HPE3.jpg 1200×1286 228 KB
175874507,"No philosophy is wrong or right. Science is good for trying to get in touch with reality as best as we can - But it's not always perfect. I could trip with a scientist/atheist or a shaman/religious person - These outcomes would result in the reason as to why we have choices such as in the types of food we eat, whether it tastes or looks good or not. What about a depressed person? Is depression a satanic state and God lifts them out, helps with addiction (Just like psychedelics).. Story telling.. symbols.. it's all an interesting fun ride.. Make sure you balance your brain chems.. And then there comes nihilism.. it goes round .. balance is key - the ultimate key.. meditation, yoga, exercise, painting.. then you solve the math puzzles @ cog"
175874508,I guess but there is the impulse to stop taking them maybe i’ll ask my doc again next appt
175874509,Here we ago again…and again…and again…and aga…
175874510,For me the last time was 13 years ago.
175874511,"I’ve recently been living by myself. it’s only the third night. at night my hallucinations and paranoia get really bad. Last night I started hallucinating bugs flying all over the place, this is a new one for me and i don’t know how to feel about it"
175874512,"Hi _USER_ID_ and welcome to the A/P! I am sorry that you are having this unpleasant challenge, on top of what you are already going through with your AI. Unfortunately anxiety and chronic illness can go hand in hand. Have you had anxiety challenges before? I ask, because while anxiety isn't typically a side effect of your Rx...many of its known s/e's can be triggers for anxiety. For example if you were to feel nausea, flushing, vision changes, muscle weakness, numbness, chest pain or palpitations...it is really understandable how this might be a catalyst for an attack, simply because of the way if make you feel physically....bringing to mind past anxious experiences. If feeling anxiety is a new issue for you, it could just be the challenge of coping with an AI illness that is causing it to come into play now. Either way, talking to your doctor about treatment options would be a good next step, so that you can start feeling yourself again. For now please see our Resources at the top of the main foru
m page here for great self help material that you can get started on right away. Keep posting with us as well if you find it helpful. We care, understand and support is key! _PERSON_ Cat"
175874513,That’s what I also do if nothing else works take a clozapine prn.
175874514,You could change or you could wait it out I’m alot better after 2 years on invega which is same as risperdal
175874515,Okay _AT_MENTION_ thank you!
175874516,why can we say shitty but not ????
175874517,Ok. I just feel bad that in light of all this I haven’t moved away with someone or somewhere safe. I guess I’m not perfect but I feel bad. But if this is impossible then I guess I shouldn’t worry but I still do.
175874518,When I had extrapyrimidal symptoms my fingers would move in a strange way and I wasn’t aware of it at all. I’m on 3 mg of benztropine and it stopped according to my husband. I’m sorry you’re going through this
175874519,"I’ve never been able to get on with computer games, apart from Football manager( until they did a major revamp of it). If could get past the frustration of not getting past level 1 on a game that would be a major success for me . I 'm not really keen on forking out for computer games I’d really struggle to be any good at ."
175874520,isn’t everyone over 40?
175874521,"I would need to change the setting on my freezer. They soften the ice cream, then roll it into balls and coat it in corn flakes or whatever, then deep freeze it overnight, then it’s cold enough that deep frying it for ten seconds won’t melt it."
174323381,Did you loose your gf and more than 100 000$ because of Abilify like me?
175874522,"Yes, HT - You're not alone. My anxiety is always wayyyyy worse in the morning than any other time of the day. Years ago my therapist tried to say some of it was anticipatory anxiety because it occurs routinely... but also our cortisol levels are always highest in the morning and that's a large contributing factor as well."
175874523,I had this psychologist who was crazy I don’t know how to explain it he was crazy I threatened to sue him I thought he was gonna me go to the hospital although I wasn’t psychotic. I talked to him because my social worker from the hospital thought I might like going to therapy where he was one of the providers. I walked out of there as soon as I could he was so creepy
174323384,"Morning 151515. When I was on a stronger dose of Abilify, it made me gamble a lot. Now that the big money pile is gone and I’m on a low dose… Not so much."
175874524,Aww.........
175874525,Awww. It’s so hard. What are you doing to cope?
175874526,I had Netflix but now I have Hulu been watching Adventure Time
175874527,"_AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , Thank you!!"
175874528,Aripiprazole. And quetiapine. They are generic. But work fine.
175874529,It’s still airing. 7-10am MST. Verizon’s Twitter…
175874530,_NAME_ image564×560 77.8 KB
175874531,"Ok maybe that’s fair. I don’t see every post, or all the same posts you do. That’s not how the Internet works. For now I’d just add I know that people who wrestle with the ‘Big Questions’ tend to be less happy… I read that one time at least. I think I’m like you and should maybe go for ice cream soon or something, and try to eat it slowly. That is meant to say something about me, but I think we may be similar. Was it you who said you just want to drink beer and read great literature? That won me over I think. Hahaha"
175874532,Well _AT_MENTION_ how long until they shut this down
175874533,Ditto I sit here with big balls.
175874534,When I figure out how to see through people ill be a god too
175874535,"I spent £5.59 today, can’t remember how much exactly I spent yesterday but it was just over £5 as well. I’m really pleased I’m sticking to this. Posting here is helping. Thank you."
175874536,"i need info on what accommodation I can get for school. I signed up for a degree program in Nutrition. Online, Purdue Global. Can I ask for more time on exams and tests and work? I asked what they off for severe mental illnesses that interfere with life, but haven’t heard back yet. Probably tomorrow. Any experience? Should I even try? This will be my secpnd time to college. I went for Bachelor’s of Science in childhood education last time."
175874537,It is what it is and it’s not going to change.
175874538,_PERSON_ has been debunked multiple times and skeptics have shown how he does his tricks like bending spoons and keys. So your therapist was wrong on two counts.
175874539,You know there´s no such thing. If you control your portions for a month (not too many calories less tho) you will feel less hunger. I am already feeling less hunger within 2 weeks…
175874540,Im sorry. These times suck.
175874541,"Why do I get involved with strangers? I just want an anonymous space to gain as much insight into my condition as possible, but I keep trying to fix things between posters who seem to be arguing about things that are important to me. Why? Because I want to understand the contradictions in my thinking. Yet I keep thinking the posters who are arguing are paid government workers because they seem so sure of themselves."
175874542,15616443866603543_PHONE_NO_.jpg 2448×3264 1.9 MB Smoking stinks… Been wanting to quit for a while now.
175874543,i think you may be having some hallucinations and delusions _AT_MENTION_ hope youre doing okay
175874544,But has anyone else here come up with a method for covering thoughts so you can have them privately? I sometimes feel like my thoughts are broadcasting but I don’t know to who
175874545,"I was abused throughout my life. I don’t blame them, but sometimes I wonder what led them to do what they did. I just can’t understand it."
175874546,Gabapentin increased mine. But I wouldn’t call that a good thing. I made some dumb decisions.
175874547,"It is fairly common to not have memories of being in a psychotic state. It’s something to do with your brain not really being able to form memories in that state, sort of how many people forget their dreams immediately upon waking."
175874548,I think meds and drugs encourage the sense of being weak and fake.
175874549,"Im not sure if this is a schiz thing, a med thing, or just a me thing- but these last... 8 months maybe I have noticed that I make a lot of bizarre movements. They get worse at night but they happen at all times of day. Mostly its this piano playing motion of my fingers and this shaking of my hand at the wrist. Less often its face twitching and rocking my body slightly. Im not sure why I do this. I never did this before. Im not sure if its anxiety or a new habit thing or what. Anyone else have weird movements?"
175874550,In this video he explains how his voices talk to each other in nonsensical manner. BEST way to describe how my brain works! First time I’ve heard someone explain the way I think!
175874551,I’ll be your friend. No request necessary!
174323389,"Hi I am diagnosed bipolar But I'm wondering if I'm maybe schizoaffective I have all of the symptoms I can identify Except I don't have audio or visual hallucinations What got me thinking about this is that I have a pronounced experience of being many rather than one I have a pronounced need to isolate And when I'm alone I talk to myself relentlessly It dawned on me that I feel crowded by other people because I experience myself as already being a crowd When I am alone the experience is that I am spending time w others that are within me This is what got me thinking about schizoaffective But again, no hallucinations Paranoia, delusion, dissociation, mania, depression, the rest... All there Does anyone have any insight? Very appreciative if anyone can share ..."
174323382,"They shouldn’t be able to pressurize you into getting a job, until your health is stable. If you’re sleeping in, that’s most likely a symptom of the drugs. Last night I didn’t sleep at all, so saw more of the morning today than I’ve seen in a long time. I wish I could train myself to wake up earlier. At the moment I wake up at 1pm so you’re not alone in that consideration. It’s part the reason why there’s not more famous people with schizophrenia, there was _NAME_ the Mathematical genius, but even his ability declined when taking the medications. I’m quite interested in software and Web development. On edX there’s CS50 and there’s courses on Coursera like “Fundamentals of Computing” [in Python] that I want to try out. There’s even a TESOL English teaching specialisation on Coursera, where you earn a TESOL certificate and you can apply for financial assistance for each course. As long as you never sign up for the free trial, those of us with schizophrenia can study for fr
ee. Even edX offer discounted courses for people unemployed or with health issues."
174323396,"That makes sense. Thanks for your comment _AT_MENTION_ . _AT_MENTION_ I see, you should consider going because it is worth it man. You know I might sound like im contradicting myself but I’m scared to go off meds because of the unknown, and I know being scared of the unknown is a choice that will lead to metaphysical death, but… I don’t know man, you should give it a try bro, maybe you can put your symptoms into remission or alleviate it some. Anyway, thanks for your comment dude."
175874552,I heard the influences are 80 prcnt from diet 20 prcnt excercise
175874553,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175874554,You mountain bike right? How much do you do it every day?
175874555,I don’t know specifically about vomiting but I jonesed so bad coming off gabapentin. Was worse than coming off diazepam
175874556,I have a mixed feelings about the ND movement . That’s because of those pushing an 'ASD is the next stage in human evolution ’ line .
175874557,"I agree. I did ECT and it did not help, it was a bad experience."
175874558,It’s the small things but life is a mystery as well as all the horrible stuff in it so maybe it’s best not to waste time trying to figure everything out. Perhaps focusing on something that has meaning for you and you alone can clarify the point of trying. Having something to look forward to can also help put things in perspective. And try not to beat the tall man by standing on your toes.
175874559,"You seem to have the Knack of it. A little practice, and I think you’ll be brilliant"
175874560,"I live with my boyfriend and haven't had much other contact with people, due to illness. I barely leave the apartment. He is gone on a work retreat this weekend and I don't know how to cope. I feel very alone. This night is dark, scary, and full of sounds. Does anyone want to text me, maybe?"
175874561,"I’ve found that most journalists are biased in some ways. One study will say one thing while the other says another! Los Angeles Times – 23 Feb 18 Op-_NAME_: Actually, there is a clear link between mass shootings and mental illness “Repeat after me: Mass shooters are not disproportionately mentally ill.”"
175874562,"_PERSON_, what do you do on a typical day? In other words, what do you think causes you to cultivate a wishless, needless, state of nowness?"
175874563,"What type of thought broadcasting do you have? Is it the real type or the delusional type, would you say? Furthermore, do you have telepathy?"
175874564,"Yes, all my pdocs considered internal voices as hallucinations"
175874565,"Obesity Canada Home - Obesity Canada Obesity Canada is Canada's leading obesity charity, made up of healthcare professionals, researchers, policy makers and people with an interest in obesity. REGISTER FOR CPG WEBINAR SERIES - PART 2 JOIN OBESITY CANADAPublic & professional..."
175874566,"Yeah lol he said ""If you're an INFP and you're not reading, what are you doing? You're supposed to give influence to NFJ's so they can use power to make the change so build your philosophy. You can't just sit around not wash the dishes when your partner comes home, sitting on your phone all day diapers not changed and you're completely ok with that - being ignorant"". xd"
175874567,It’s just natural to me now. I wish I could give you advice on how to do it. But maybe just make a conscious effort once or twice and see if it sticks. If you have BPD then don’t be so hard on yourself if you can’t do it.
175874568,"Today started off bad but ended up being very productive wrote several long communiques to folks I wanted to reconnect with, including the people of this forum tried oil pastels wrote 2 poems"
175874569,I don’t know if I faked or not
174323394,In 4 minutes _NAME_ go make cornflakes !!
175874570,"Magnesium is good, Daily Essential Nutrients has that though. Turmeric is good too but I figured I could get by without. Besides the anti-inflammatory activity it facilitates brown fat growth, which is a natural fat burner too so there’s that."
175874571,I have this cd in my car! love _NAME_
175874572,"Hmm, I don’t think I’m influenced by devil, So I can’t relate to that just like sharing body with people? but I never meet anyone who have similar symptom as me before now I feel less alone thank you!"
175874573,my ps4 is just gathering dust
175874574,Same.........
175874575,"I have two - male and female, bad and good. 10’s a lot more to cope with!"
175874576,"It can be very traumatic to be hospitalized. It’s a scar you have to carry the rest of you life, even if it is not considered PTSD"
175874577,"It’s very easy to check for a brain tumor. Look in the mirror at your eyes. Is one pointing straight up while one points straight ahead? If not, you have no problems with the brain or with CSF."
175874578,"time for the doc mate. Sounds like a mood stabiliser will help. The longer without treatment, esp with bi polar the worse it gets. HT"
175874579,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175874580,Welcome back by the way.
175874581,"A good trick is to ask people questions about themselves. Most people love talking about themselves and get excited when someone shows an interest in them. For example Person A: “do you have any pets?” Person B: “oh yes, I have a dog.” Person A: “Neat. What kind of dog is he?” The topic of pets is generally pretty safe. Other good ones are favorite television shows/movies/books, hobbies, places they have/would like to travel, etc."
175874582,You’re not on disability? I also live with my parents and brothers.
175874583,"_AT_MENTION_ you seem to get very angry every time someone says to try. You say you already have many times. That’s how I measure success. The trying. Not if you actually do the thing, but try to and keep trying. Life is not how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up and keep going."
175874584,"This is most dis-concerting I keep thinking I might be losing time/blanking out… Either that or my ability to judge how much time has passed is seriously ****_NAME_ . To add to this someone was supposed to come and check my flooring on Wednesday. They said they buzzed,but I heard nothing ."
175874585,"I was a lot more nervous bc my friend wasn’t with me, the women were mostly younger. i wasnt enjoying it, usually i like to have a laugh but after a few comments before the meet i thought i’d have to change my approach, i’ve lost all my confidence now"
175874586,I can’t believe they would close at Christmas...that’s terrible....
175874587,"I don’t celebrate any holidays, when I was put into mental ward I always received a shot of haldol, diazapam and quetiapine whenever I spoke of _NAME_/greek gods. Whenever i raised my concern or voice I was injected again. Whenever I told my doctor i believe in bioenergy the same happened. In a month period I received around 90 shots into my butt, I could not sit or lay on my back because my butt was aching badly, I begged them to give me pills instead, but they refused, because they thought I would not take them (Even though I was taking every single pill they gave me). Right now I am mentally scarred to celebrate any holiday, express opinion or just have an argument because in my head i think I will be hospitalized or i’ll get a shot of drugs that will put me out instantly and I wont remember few days at all."
175874588,Choline might work. It’s plentiful in eggs. It also comes in supplement form.
175874589,"Weed Wackity 05/15/2020 I wanted to manage my parents front lawn, which was given to me patriarchically, butt the brazillian, cut got in the way, so … So she must be a hot girl on, netflix. I did not have a relationship with this woman, I had petroleum products, to keep it going. Prices are falling at Walmart, additionally the color selection for clothing, is also limited. Maybe I should wear an advertisement, for seal team 333. xALL to doo doo, just remember to wipe. Video games are weak, we live in a virtual reality that is: Much Richer! _PERSON_ Rich Says You/re fired, Who can argue with a reality host, like that? The People, The People"
175874590,It’s not that easy to frown but he does it really well. I can’t frown but I can cross my eyes. What can you do?
175874591,The new medicine is working good I still get a little anxiety and depression at night but once I take my medicine I calm down a little and it’s easier for me to go to bed I dont struggle so much with sleep and then I’m not drowsy in the morning so that’s a plus because I have to wake up and take my kids to school hence I have to drive my last medicine I was on it was scary waking up in the morning taking my kids to school because I would have a hard time staying up glad I’m not on that med combo anymore. I got to bed early each night which is good I dont mind it but if I have to stay up later I feel the depression and anxiety kick up.
175874592,"I wasn’t let go, I was just told to come again my next scheduled day, which is Thursday."
175874593,Very cool drawing!
175874594,Alcohol helped me if anything. My attention went away from the voices and went on to trying to enjoy myself. Could be different for different people though.
175874595,Gorgeous painting:)
175874596,I’m getting discharged in a little bit. They said to follow up with my mental health team so I guess I’ll be giving my psych np a call tomorrow. Idk chemicals in veins killing me. Shaking. She’s gonna say anxiety and psychosis
175874597,I was high functioning so no one noticed. The delusions were always in the background plus since I was on a secret mission I wasnt allowed to talk to anyone about it. I really thought what I was experiencing was normal.
175874598,Last concert was _PERSON_ or maybe breaking _NAME_…anyway I don’t like the noise and the crowds anymore…getting old I guess.
175874599,You could always get a second opinion.
175874600,I didn’t feel like cooking. I just had a cup of vanilla yogurt and then later had a bowl of cereal with milk and sugar.
175874601,This will help lots of people.
174323399,"sciencedirect.com Thyroid Function Assessment Before and After Diagnosis of Schizophrenia: A... Alterations in thyroid hormone levels may affect brain and mental disorders. Conversely, schizophrenia and its antipsychotic treatments can affect thy…"
175874602,Ive seen hawaii O five on tv looks like a paradise!
175874603,Does eating cause a dopamine rush? I wonder if I’m trying to fix my dopamine issues with food.
175874604,"Avantika121, what is your goal? What is one thing you really care about? I suggest you read _PERSON_ book, Man's Search for Meaning."
175874605,I am also a failure. Times when l am high on myself l dont feel like a failure.
174323403,"Yeah, if paranoia and delusions are normal. I have some things going for me. A job, taking classes, living pretty independently, and a few other things. I try to get out every day, don’t always succeed. My social life is mainly at work and with my sisters. My co-worker who I’ve been working with about 7 years, told me Friday that he really likes working with me. That’s a high compliment coming from someone who knows me well. I do other normal things but freak out about my neighbors. I can work under pressure and drive one of the worst freeways in California decently, but my neighbors drive me crazy. Schizophrenia didn’t destroy me, selfish heartless neighbors who I don’t even like are finishing me off. Sorry, didn’t mean to rain negativity onto your post."
174323400,"Positives are worse than negatives in general so start by treating positives first. Some negatives and cognitives are permanent. If your negatives are severe keep trying new meds, for me, partial dopamine agonists like Abilify, Rexulti and Vraylar cause the least negative symptoms."
174323398,I’ve got two. The saphris makes me feel sedated and I think it makes things more solid and real. And the rexulti makes me not want to kill myself. I acts as an anti-depressant I think. The rexulti is a little invigorating and sort of counteracts some of the sedation of the morning dose of the saphris. The two work pretty good together. I’m feeling pretty alright I think.
175874606,"Oh that’s true, very true"
175874607,"I don’t know if you’re a troll or not, but this is just ridiculous."
175874608,ive never looked at the family forum. I dont think I will.
175874609,"Okay, ill try my best to convince my self that im not going to die in my sleep"
175874610,Had breakfast with family. Got to lend some DVDs from my brother. Listening to my favourite radio _NAME_ and reading and had a ice cream.
175874611,What theme does your paranoia have? For me it’s cops and framing. You?
175874612,You mean you won’t need meds or the meds will work for 10 years ?
175874613,I don’t live in the best neighborhood either so it makes me worry.
175874614,Hi _AT_MENTION_ welcome to the forums. How is your situation? Are you on meds? Loss of function is usually not such a good sign and it needs addressing in your life. Do you see a shrink regularly?
175874615,"Uh, are you immortal? If there’s even such thing as a devil then he’s been around for a couple thousand years."
175874616,Solopsists’ Anthem: That’s kinda direct like _PERSON_ ‘Here it is brazenly in your face; we don’t give a crap if you spin off the road listening to this and get in a wreck’
175874617,Best of luck with it. Do you have any plan if you have a problem with your moods again? Would you restart it ?
175874618,"On MSN messenger I liked setting my status to busy or away, even if I was still online playing neopets Sneaky Level"
175874619,"I have come to accept that I may never be 55kg again. So I have come to accept that I will be happy with 60kg instead, makes me more shapely I suppose, hopefully in the right places Also I have come to accept tht jogging may no longer be part of my life instead I have come to accept very long daily walks in nature. woohoo…(seriously) I hope u guys don’t mind that I talk about my weight so much…it is just very important to me that is why"
175874620,Sounds exciting. And if its not ur Cup of tea u can just grow it out anyways.
175874621,Honestly you keep working at it. It’s really a work in progress for most people here. You just learn what works for you and it’s important to learn your symptom set. Keep an eye out for triggers and what makes problems for you and listen to advice you get from the medical peeps if they are any good. If your multi episodic then chances are your coming back here and meds are a necessity. Just how it works but it’s not uncommon to move away from first episode psychosis at least…Not sure the percentage on multiple but it would be pretty slim.
175874622,"Last night I managed to control the desire to puke, but not tonight. I’ll be talking to my pdoc next week and am thinking this is a sign I need different meds. I don’t feel like puking any other time."
175874623,Can AP's lower the intensity of THC edibles when taking them? I manged to get high the first time on them but I ended up not getting a high after trying it again.
174323407,i always felt better after exercise. it really helped my dissociation. felt almost normal for a bit afterwards.
174323405,"No seriously I imagine just being labeled paranoid schizophrenic gets some attention by the police at least and if you threaten to kill someone online; especially a prominent person, you will be checked out. In spite of what we try to say about the _USER_ID_ some famous killers were indeed mentally ill and a lot of them killed or wounded politicians, and famous people. There are also websites where doing business on or checking out will get the authorities’ attention because doing so can indicate future intent, or help convict you in a criminal case. So watch what you say and do online folks, don’t stockpile weapons unless you are certified to do so, and if your voices are commanding you to do harm to yourself and/or others get help."
175874624,Seconded. I don’t need a home as badly as that needs to stop existing.
175874625,Hi _AT_MENTION_ ! What do you like to order at the restaurant?
175874626,"We thought our sleep issues were meds... falling asleep in the middle of the day, even after sleeping thru the night, needing naps to function, etc. Our neurologist did a night sleep study and a nap sleep study the following day. Turns out she thinks we have narcolepsy. Did your tiredness correlate with a med change? Could be worth looking into if there's something else going on?"
175874627,"You are Obsessed with this. Let it go. If you got cheated, and then you got a refund, you did nothing wrong."
175874628,"im on cod cold war ill be on 6pm promise, want to do zombies."
175874629,"I was talking to the psychologist who said I need to face the situation to overcome it …yes I should not have left work but I dont want to feel low being there… it brings on feelings i experienced at school, the same stuff might not happen but I still feel people don’t want to be near me… my response is i dont want to be there… i could not skip school … however my parents were good parents and did not want me to miss a single day … but i have the freedoms to skip work so why wouldn’t I"
175874630,HUGS hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175874631,I am being left with too many things to think about and my mind cannot cope with this. I don’t know what type of therapy she is performing but it just feels like she is messing with me. I have had a bit of a meltdown over all this and it’s not good.
175874632,"Here in Greece we believe that when you boast about something positive, you cause negative things to happen, it’s a jinx. One month without voices, but today I had a few"
175874633,"I don’t know what to do…Where to start? My deaf sister got diagnosed as a bipolar-schizo around 7 years ago…Anyways, nothing seems to be working at all, medicines, therapy…Absolutely nothing. She’s attempted suicide more times than I can count to the point where receiving news on the phone doesn’t even phase me. Nobody will hire her because she’s deaf and has this on top of it. Her body turns around and rejects medicinal treatment as soon as it’s given to her and she brings down everybody’s quality of life in my family, especially my own mother who told me just now that if the stress continues, she will die from it. She physically hits my mother and destroys her things when she goes off. Having my mom die from the stress of this has been a fear of mine from day one because I have no way of taking care of her due to financial limitations of my own so my sister would be homeless. My mother refuses to talk about putting her in a group home because she is deaf and she would be sociall
y alone, that would break her heart, as she says, and to tell you the truth, I couldn’t live with myself if that happened either. My last girlfriend of 6 years left me over all of this and now this is now affecting the way I live with my current girlfriend of 6 months, my job, and my everyday outlook on life, I just don’t want to continue on anymore. I’m afraid to have a kid or even talk about it with my girlfriend because I don’t want them to turn out like my sister. I cannot afford to keep my sister, as well as leave my job every time she has an episode, especially since she lives 4 hours from me. That is not a life worth living to me because at that point, I would just be existing, not living. There are absolutely no resources to help, I’ve looked in every deep, dark corner of the internet and nothing. Hospitals take her in and release her the day after with no change in her behavior because they are already overloaded with other people like her. I’m at a point where I’m just giving up, peopl
e don’t care, and why should they? I work at a hospital where I see this every day and don’t want anything to do with psych patients because I’ve got enough stress on my plate as it is. It’s sad to say this because I’m a firefighter too, but this is what I’ve become; a numb shell of my former self and God has made it last too long. I don’t want to do it anymore, I don’t even know why I came to this forum. Thanks for reading if you did…"
174323409,"I couldn’t sleep the entire 2 months I was on abilify. I just stayed in bed with my eyes closed for hours. I would recommend trying PM aspirin or PM ibuprofen if you can’t sleep. I don’t understand some doctors who ban an entire class of medications. They know sleep is probably the #1 or #2 problem to make sz/sza worse, yet they won’t help someone who can’t sleep. Yeah, I’m sorry, but if that happened to me I would sign up for a new doctor."
175874634,"This is an amazing quote. I believe it is very true too. I’ve been severely depressed all my life and I was always living in total conflict with my values. Now, I am living in accordance with my value system and my severe depression is completely gone. There’s truth to this meme."
175874635,No problem 151515
174323402,Aripiprazole is the best one I’ve been on. I’m on it currently.
175874636,You’re strong She isn’t your daughter You don’t need to wake up You’re sick You aren’t faking This is the real world
175874637,I’m sticking with a vegan diet and I’m slowly losing weight.
175874638,_AT_MENTION_ Welcome to the forum!
175874639,"Verywell Health Is Schizophrenia Genetic? Genetic factors can influence your risk of getting schizophrenia. Learn more about the genes involved. For example, having a parent with schizophrenia increases a person’s risk 10 times the population risk of 1%. Those with both parents having schizophrenia are at 40 times the risk of developing it than the general population."
175874640,alright thanks for the feedback really appreciate it. So think it will be sucispios if this big amounts right.
175874641,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175874642,I'm sorry. I know how tough economic struggles are. The stress takes years off our lives probably.
175874643,"yeah my cousin is a natural bodybuilder, he does physique competitions and is about 180-200 pounds, he looks really good, he showed me some of his pictures, and was telling me some tips about all he does for competitions. it’s his hobby and his me time thing. he said he was tempted to bulk up, but said he will continue to do the physique competitions. he’s not quite pro, he said he finished 2nd in a competition and if he would have won, he would have got his pro card. he is 47 years old and competes against mostly 20 something and a few 30 something bodybuilders. he said he could win, if he got in the master’s age class, but he likes competing with the younger guys, it’s more of a challenge for him. he even has a coach. for a job he is an engineer at boeing, so he has a lot of extra income to spend on his food and coaching and travel for shows. i see him every labor day and we talk."
175874644,I don’t think so
175874645,"These are the colors I got. I used to have a big collection of nail polish colors but I lost them over the years when moving. Attached Images 14AADB86-01C4-4FFE-AC5F-3638B6047300.jpg (202.9 KB, 10 views)"
174323404,"Maybe it’s the fact that I went to school as an English major, but I have no trouble with metaphors. Never have, in fact. Can’t understand how schizophrenia would make you take something that is so obviously figurative and interpret it literally."
175874646,image2048×2048 725 KB
175874647,Huh. It worked well for me. Maybe you should avoid it then.
175874648,"The calories amount depends on your bmi which depends on height and current weight. There calculators for how much calories you need to loose weight. Also you need to exercise, otherwise you won’t loose weight even if you ate less. Biking, swimming and jogging all burn a lot of calories."
175874649,"Do you want to talk to him about this?. Is it okay if he says no after talking?. If you are okay with whatever answer you get, it's okay to talk to him about this. But if you are unsure or don't want to reveal it to him. Think that chapter is closed in your book. You should start building up yourself. Start reading any self-help book. A small one to build up the self-image. Believe me why I say this is, whatever decisions you take in this spur of the moment may not result in fruitful results except exercising boosting your self-image with books or some friends/professional help. You should start writing what kind of man you want and look for them around you online. There are many dating platforms."
174323412,"Serdolect isn’t available in my country, so I can’t use my usual interactions checker on it. Sorry. I would assume your doctor knows what they’re doing, though."
175874650,"I'm just so grateful my mom is still alive. I went through over 40 years being angry, and basically cut her out of my life. All of that burned up years ago, and now I'm grateful for every day. It started up cold here this morning and now it's bright and in the low 60s I think. Beautiful day."
175874651,I'm happy we have each other though. Plus there is the chatroom here.
175874652,I’m okay… thanks… long day
175874653,"Hi _NAME_, I have been ghosting girls a lot since I lost my virginity, but I used to do other things before at school like minor image modification, snow white was a scary movie, I hated the princess, but I do feel for feminists and always end up singing in the choir somehow, I guess I’m cursed by my name having to represent England, trying to be a family man, am dating Chinese now."
175874654,"An upgraded version of the original....the bf loved it and wants to take his mom to see it, I wasn’t quite that enamored it was almost like reading s book twice, I know some people are into that, I’m not."
175874655,Thank you friend. I try to be a good mom. I want them to have a strong bond as they become adults. I won’t always be there for them.
175874656,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175874657,If you apologized to him that’s all you can do. And shame on him for holding a grudge so long. You’re supposed to forgive people. Everyone messes up.
175874658,What kind of visitors did you get? Family members?
175874659,"there fine, nothing happened."
175874660,Crunchy taco supreme from Taco Bell is 190 calories. That’s usually my go to.
175874661,"Wish I could leave as well, but I am stuck here for the past 35 years."
175874662,"If you’ve been taking your medications for awhile and are still having these delusions, I’d recommend talking to your pdoc about a med switch. They don’t appear to be working."
175874663,"If someone was stabbed to death it would be on the news regardless. They don’t just report murders by mentally ill people, but in the reporting it does make it sound like people should be weary of paranoid schizophrenics. But that’s the lovely media!!! Sarcasm there!"
175874664,I just sh1t myself bcz I coughed too much.
175874665,I started taking mirazapine in 2016 and weighed 240. Now its 2020 and I weigh 300.
175874666,"This is true. It is all about the degree of worry, though. Philosophy professors (sane ones) don’t lose sleep or change their behavior towards peers because of these existential questions. They’re more fun hobbies, thinking about this stuff in their spare time when they already have done everything they need to. I’ve already said this, but I would go with _PERSON_’s wager on this one. If you don’t exist, and you act as though you do, your experience will be positive. If you do exist, and you act as though you don’t, you will ruin your life."
175874667,"After finally getting a chance to read most of the thread, I would say that you do feel emotion. Its awareness of feeling this that you lack or filter out unintentionally. If something god forbidding were to happen to someone you are close with you would surly feel emotion. You also like to play alod of CofD and you have some excitement and joy from that along with the other things you like. You also get a bit stressed when you are unable to vape im assuming. Emotions are part of personality. With the heritage that you are emotions are not really the foremost of expression culturally, so you have to consider that too. I wouldnt go on the approach of changing your meds because of it, that likly wont make things better but if anything can make things worse. Afterall you are stable and have been for some time now. I would instead focusing more on feeling and incorporating that into your daily activities and experiences. Start with joy, go do something you enjoy something that you find fun and take a m
oment to embrase it."
175874668,Oldest granddaughter suggested a walker. Stepdaughter thinks I wouldn’t be coordinated enough to use one .
175874669,Bad new dude. DNA is unchangeable. You carry it all throughout your life. But gene expressions in the brain and body are manipulable through epigenetic processes. I don’t even know what I just said. But I read that somewhere and it sounded cool.
175874670,yea i found source is the stimulants that causing my anxiety i think taking like 400mg -500mg of caffeine. not good.
175874671,I use an app called Lose It! and track all my calories. It does help keep me accountable.
175874672,I'm glad your enjoying it
175874673,My brother achieved ego death through meditation. He follows Buddhism.
175874674,Yes also maybe for now i can try find somrhing a bit local and outdoorsy so I can limit the exposure
175874675,Is it because of side effects?
175874676,I'm tired. I want to go home and sleep but I should either go home and shower or go home and clean my room. Neither of which I want to do.
175874677,Who needs 'em anyway _AT_MENTION_ ?
175874678,I think you are doing well and have some insight. Maybe you should be more critical and rational when dealing with these thoughts and beliefs.
175874679,"Oh yeah it can be hard. Sometimes I just want to chop it all off hahah. Mostly I keep my hair up in a bun, ponytail, or braid and it keeps it out of my way. I haven't really been showering much lately so it's good that I keep it up out of the way."
174323420,"At present i take: Clozapine (Clozaril) 250 mg Ziprasidone (Geodon) 40 mg Venlafaxine (Effexor) 225 mg Clozapine causes excessive salivation, so i have to take some Atropine eyedrops swooshed around your mouth in some water to stop it. It also has stimulated my appetite, so i’m on Metformin which has worked wonders in reducing my appetite back down to normal levels. The Venlafaxine gives me mild myoclonic jerks."
175874680,"I was ballet dancing around Tesco last week while doing a small shop. Pretty weird considering I have no interest in dance and I’m a big depressed 6’1 guy with my hood up listening to sad hip-hop. Before I saw a doctor about my mental health for the first time (about 7 years ago), my whole child/teen life I thought I controlled the weather, he told me I did not, now I just don’t think about it. Earlier this year, I was meeting new people because of a new job and because I lived with my best friend for the first time. We were having parties and stuff. I felt it necessary with certain people to pull them aside and ask “what’s your code?”. “what?” “what’s your code?” “what, my phone number?” “nah, what’s your code?” I thought for a time maybe people were simulated into my life, and if I confronted them about their code, it might glitch them out or something would happen. It was inconclusive."
175874681,Discuss it with your partner. It’s not bad moving from where you grew up. You do learn some things. Downside is that it can be stressful and your out of help from relatives. I’d just say don’t rush. Have some time on big decisions. I would suspect you’d get some work in large communities so moving could be a fresh change!
175874682,I’ve got tea Almost no customers Lots of people to talk to on fb
175874683,"They say, “Once you go goth, you never go back.”"
175874684,No worries
175874685,Disability doesn’t pay much usually. You can make more money flipping burgers at minimum wage than you can on SSI in the US.
174323421,"I recently got a 15 page or so long form disability review letter for my SSI and am rather nervous. My case worker gave me information I needed about my last 12 months of appointments. I’ve always been med compliant and gone to appointments. Though I haven’t seen therapists in the last year, as my nurse practitioner thinks seeing my case worker out in public will help me more due to my anxiety disorders. Has anyone else here dealt with a long form review, or have any advice? Thanks. By the way, I have schizoaffective depressive type and have been on SSI for 3 or 4 years, and I’m 31 years old."
175874686,"I commit suicide from the voices if I don’t take my meds. I die without my meds. Its your body, you’re free to do whatever you want with it."
175874687,"whats the difference with my situation. Im always nice to her, i buy her drinks and food. were are good friends, i thought i cross the boundary at the moment i feel bad."
175874688,I am…theywerent loyal…they never called on me when I was suffering
175874689,Nope. Not today. Maybe tonight. Or tomorrow.
175874690,Google Play has radio stations
175874691,I agree with _AT_MENTION_. He’s trying to manipulate you. Don’t let him.
175874692,"It kind of freaks me out, like what if one day I just can’t be woken up. I guess that time eventually comes for all of us though."
175874693,_AT_MENTION_ - Theyere stealing my money as I didnt give them permission to take it from me from the Courts
175874694,"I’ve been showering less since I’ve had more anxiety and depression flare ups lately. I have so much anxiety that I’m physically sick. Headache and nausea. I know it’s all stress related. It’s only February and this has been an awful year so far for me. So awful. And I’m scared it will get worse. I have so much fear driving me right now. No psychosis, just lots of anxiety and sadness."
175874695,"I got a huge benefit for years on it. It interacts with my new meds though, so I can’t take it anymore."
175874696,"After my mental breakdown, my memory is at it’s worse. I no longer want to be around anyone. I’m embarrassed to be me now. I pray my time is short. I don’t feel a connection w anyone. I’m scared they only hurt me"
175874697,Oh no.....how much sleep did you get last night?
175874698,Why do you flag people?
175874699,"THX, for your words TBH it's no different from the usual! I was born with a harelip and it's pretty much the same though more subliminal."
175874700,"Lets see… yesterday: Had bonfire for about an hour after dusk, went to bed at a reasonable hour. Leftover quiche and bean salad for dinner. Fish tank looks fabulous. No algae bloom yet. It’ll be another week until I can put some fish in. I need to let the water evaporate some so I can fix the gravel in a few spots and bury two plants better. Well, the anubias nangi needs to come out of its pot and be planted correctly. We leave for camping today in the adk. out anniversary is on Sunday. Have some money set aside for a nice dinner out and bought a few small but expensive gifts that came in the mail yesterday."
175874701,"From what you are saying and what you have said in the past _AT_MENTION_ your ex sounds very much like a narcissistic prick. I would avoid him at all costs and go no contact as he will only cause you more pain and suffering. Narcissists will always be liars and cheaters - do not trust him. The money for your teeth will come, or you will get that phone call from the dental hospital - have faith."
175874702,That sounds suspicious. As if she just wants attention or something. Some people get off on making others feel sorry for them
175874703,It wasn’t paranoia as I wasn’t scared. But I’m delusions yes perhaps.
175874704,"A small mess is ok. When I walked into my moms house that the renter turned into a prostitution/drug dealer house, the kids walking in to collect their things - I couldn't process that. I don't understand. All I think about is them growing older and dealing with trauma. There was homework scattered all over the rooms with melted pipes, needles, soda cans, plates of dry old food, animal feces... Hopefully what's best for the kids, happens."
175874705,I rate myself 2
175874706,You must live in the south
175874707,I agree try TMS and medications before trying ECT.
174323424,It’s a little embarrassing but I suffered this in 2012 when I was in a terrible psychosis. I believed in the same stuff you do now. I was racking my brain and one thing I really suspected was that when I went to my preliminary appt for a potential colonoscopy the doctor implanted an anal probe.
175874708,Thankyou. Yes I used pencil for this drawing. I feel like my skills are going down as I’m losing motivation with art. But thanks for da compliment!!!
175874709,mmm mmm mmm
175874710,Hi. Well. Bi polar sucks...but is awesome too. It's what i know....and what i understand about me. Oh such negatives....to many bloody negatives...positives....yes they exist. If one can manage the disorder then one is beyond awesome and beyond talented. A bloody genius. Bi polar disorders are the most biggest chaotic cluster expletive one can face. People of the ignorant kind have no clue of how much a process bi polar is. Positives. A wealth of creativity...and yep we get into big messes but no matter how screwed rhe idea we creatively design something up....even if it totally demented. This is creativity on steroids i know...but the positives when ya understand yourself and the disorder and have compliance our mania can be expressed in a more controlled manner. A little mania i am finding to be stabilising...i would be stuffed without it. People with bi polar are mentally more stronger than people get. This disorder for me i not suffer with...i live with and it on loan at the moment. I hate and l
ove bi polar...this is my realization. I did nothing wrong to gain my bp stripes... Understanding myself wirhout the mania and depressive crashes...and all in between will be the true realization of myself...no meds...no chaos...no imbalances no mania.. Well this will be the biggest level of chaos I will ever encounter. HT
175874711,Picked up groceries Had a long nap (I can rarely nap) Made a very yummy pot of chili
175874712,in a good mood
175874713,I think that comes with social anxiety but I don’t have that
175874714,I’m glad you took your meds. Hopefully you be a little more of sound mind soon. I know it sucks to take meds but they’re in our best interest.
175874715,I kind of want to take a small break from seeing a therapist for a while. I might give this guy a try in a couple of weeks.
175874716,I lost my mom in 2011… she told me not to take medication. I should have listened now I have nothing.
175874717,"I’ve been hospitalized like 30 times if you include outpatient…maybe more. Once, I was hospitalized involuntary for 15 days because I was delusional from being attacked psychically from aliens/UFOs back in 2016. They told me and my mom had microchips in our heads."
175874718,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174323429,"https://www.psychiatryadvisor.com/home/topics/schizophrenia-and-psychoses/childhood-adversity-linked-to-cognitive-impairment-in-schizophrenia/ Exposure to childhood adversity may be tied to distinct cognitive impairment patterns in individuals with schizophrenia , according to a study published in Schizophrenia Bulletin ."
175874719,They make antipsychotic and antidepressants Yet they cannot come up with a pill to make you want sex alot
175874720,"My parents and my husband, a library in walking distance, my eyesight so i can read, my legs being able to walk, good physical health, my faith in God"
175874721,Yeah there is nothing wrong with using paper plates. We use them from time to time.
175874722,Everything works fine just libido is low hoping a med decrease or lowering will sort problem out
175874723,"I was hoping I'd never have to deal with the stairs again in my life but I'm thinking of going back to my apartment if I can get out of here. I'll be locked in but I'm locked in here for other reasons. Also, I'll be back to being unable to receive packages there. That's really the worst thing. There's a cute YouTube channel I've been watching since last week. Talking Kitty Cat channel. I love it! Really well done."
175874724,I agree _USER_ID_. 1515
175874725,"You reminded me of how connected we are to others, thank you. I can’t imagine your challenge really, I can only go to a similar experience. What I know is I feel a kindred spirit with the part of you that’s been strong for so long, and the hiding when we’re not so strong. This world we’re in now unfortunately supports the “gotta stay strong” and because of safety, distancing. How to be all of who we are, sad, stuck, lost.... I don’t know yet. Just committed to being quiet, meditative, and sending love out.... it’s all I know in this for now. Wish I had more answers.... what I do have for you.... I have is a huge heart, and I put you name on my alter of inspiration and hope??????????"
175874726,Mine won’t do anything.
175874727,I can probably afford both but honestly I think with a car I’d just get myself in trouble
175874728,"Leaf! Heya my foliage friend! I’m doing good. voices have calmed down some. Whispers and single words when I’m getting stressed, or tired. Been playing a lot of Everquest. An online game. Been going ok, for the most part. I check the forums a few times a day still, but I’ve so little to report. How’ve you been? Wishing you well!"
175874729,It’s their mythology. Full of symbols.
175874730,First and foremost you need to see a doctor and get a diagnosis and possibly medication. This is incredibly important because certain physical things need to be ruled out like tumors in your brain and such. You will most likely be given full blood work a CT scan or an MRI of your head. I even had to provide a stool sample. Not quite sure what that was for I just thought it was harassment. I have serious paranoid delusions and question reality constantly but I have found it gets better over time. When these things first start to occur you can get easily overwhelmed. And for me that period was about a span of 7 years so it’s serious for a long time. You need to get yourself checked out.
175874731,I’m on 700mg of seroquel. I don’t like being like that but I can’t help it
175874732,"hey thanks, yea i do what ever i need and want, and self portrait becaus its free for me, no need to pay to a model you are welcome to visit my insta, working on a site now (_NAME_ timer art)"
175874733,Im worse in so many things. In many.
175874734,You can’t blame yourself for getting a mental illness that you had no control over.
175874735,the doctors want to kill me with the medication… i dont trust them AT ALL
174323419,"Can’t imagine the side effects, but if it works, might be worth it to some. The authors found a significant reduction in mean _NAME_ visits (1.8) and hospital admissions (0.9) in the 2 years post-combination. There was a trend for reduction in alcohol and drug use, though only 3 participants of the study had a diagnosis of comorbid substance use disorder, and a non-significant reduction in the mean number of inpatient mental health days pre- versus post-combination (77 versus 33)."
175874736,"Oh that sounds promising, you should go for it"
175874737,Yeah I feel like I bully everyone (I don't).
175874738,"I’m ready for Spring, but here in Michigan it only lasts about week and go directly to Summer."
175874739,"I couldn’t keep a conversation, or basically any activity that requires some thinking, I couldn’t think properly, wouldn’t come up with any ideas, lost all creativity, couldn’t study, figure out stuff, etc. oh and gained like 50 pounds in 3 months Now luckily I’m meds-free (pdoc’s prescription) and everything is back to normal."
174323431,It helps you to not mind the negative symptoms it has an antidepressant effect. I struggle a great deal with motivation.
174323430,"After all the hassle i read about getting PIP (UK) - mine was surpisingly easy. Tho ive been claiming sickness since 18 (im 45). It helped i had a social worker that did all the phone calls and clinic letters for evidence. Never attended a dreaded DWP medical either in over 25 years. I think they’ve written me off - which suits me fine. Im actually hoping a Labour Govt comes in soon ,as they promised to scrap Universal Credit - cos with my lack of budgeting skills, if they transfer me on that - i would be truly screwed."
175874740,I feel like doing some hood rat ****.
175874741,Fight the power!
175874742,I have imaginary characters in my head but they never do anything in reality.
175874743,Yay! That’s awesome!
175874744,"""For better or worse, the areas that Fives explore do not depend on social validation; indeed, if others agree with their ideas too readily, Fives tend to fear that their ideas might be too conventional. History is full of famous Fives who overturned accepted ways of understanding or doing things (_PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_). Many more Fives, however, have become lost in the byzantine complexities of their own thought processes, becoming merely eccentric and socially isolated."" ""Fives are alert, insightful, and curious. They are able to concentrate and focus on developing complex ideas and skills. Independent, innovative, and inventive, they can also become preoccupied with their thoughts and imaginary constructs. They become detached, yet high-strung and intense. They typically have problems with eccentricity, nihilism, and isolation. At their Best: visionary pioneers, often ahead of their time, and able to see the world in an entirely new way."""
175874745,"12EA188D-C8B9-4929-9971-C_PHONE_NO_.jpeg 640×627 150 KB It’s good to be back on the forum. I was away for a long while, but I missed this supportive community!"
175874746,"my ring finger wobbles when I don’t want it to, and my hand shakes when I’m spooning coffee into the maker"
175874747,"You yourself called it a choice. Im not going to engage. Im sorry things are difficult, I hope they get better, but the rules have been clearly explained to you. No one is an exception to those rules. I wish you the best."
175874748,I’ve never been violent when psychotic either but sometimes Alien puts suicidal or homicidal thoughts in my head. And I have fear and paranoia but tend to run away or avoid others instead of fight.
174323425,"_AT_MENTION_ that’s a good point. The last definitive positive symptom that I can recall experiencing was hearing sirens for almost an entire day back in April or May. Nothing (to my knowledge) like that since then. I do worry about paranoia but my therapist said that it could also be caused by anxiety since GAD is also a problem for me. If I experience any positive symptoms that I recognize as positive symptoms, the plan is to go back on 3 mg of risperidone right away, and then see about changing antipsychotics since I’ve about had it with risperidone lol."
175874749,Most psych wards here have 2 in a room. I know of only one hospital that has private rooms. And it’s hard to get into because it’s always full.
175874750,I had to stop Abilify because it was causing hypersexuality. No more issues now on Risperdal.
175874751,Im been doing for a while im fine.
175874753,"Damn, why you quit your job in the first place? I mean was is a decision made in few days or you were constantly thinking to quit for months?"
175874754,Gorgeous work!!!
175874755,"Well the muscle I pulled, doesn’t. But I’m fine I guess. My throat is still tight and somewhat closed."
175874756,"I don’t think it’s making you sick, but maybe you exaggerate your symptoms on here."
174323438,Hello. I'm doing ok. Inching towards feeling better more consistently. I'm thinking of possibly going up a little on my antidepressant to get maximum benefit. If I'm consistent in doing what I know I need to do to feel better whether it's self care or working on relationships etc.. I know I'll do a lot better. Thank you!
175874757,Welcome to the forum. Have you seen a dr about this? Do your parents know you’re suffering?
175874758,Mine starts tomorrow...I’m actually feeling better about it.....
175874759,"Poetry and knowledgable use of languange, which has levels of meanings, you consider a sign of illness? Go then to the libraries and burn them down? go then to remaining cd and vinyl stores and burn them down? Hold big ralleys where people cosnume hand fulls of addictive prescribed chemicals and burn the ???????????? out of everything? The fact that you consider my expression sickness, is WHAT caused my disorder in the first place. The FACT of my Expression still existent, despite all the libel, censorship, editing, deleting, and banning is a sign of my HEALTH. Does that mean I do not suffer or do not need help in this life? NO!"
175874760,"I strongly suspect this. I’ve asked him, and he says no, but that might just mean he doesn’t feel comfortable sharing it. He came from a pretty rough situation."
175874761,"So I’m still thinking about ostentation and self-discipline or diligence in one’s work. We want to know that we are being observed working because we want to know that our work has value. Why am I not content with observing myself. There is the observer and then the ego, or egos, which make up the internal and external worlds. The voices are the ego, manifested by the observer. My ego, which is internal, does not judge anything I do as valuable except in relation to other egos. But seeking value from the ego, or other egos, is ostentation. What we should really be seeking value from is the observer which manifests everything through observation. However, perhaps I am not understanding quantum mechanics properly. The observer manifests, but according to a probability, which is determined by the structure of the ego, or egos. This is the scientific law of nature. I cannot go on without getting into religion, so I will stop here with the question, is the observer dependent on the structure or inde
pendent when it manifests? Does such a question even make sense? I want to return to my dilemma, why does the structure of my ego not permit a good valuation of my work from the observer, myself, in the absence of other egos? Why do I struggle to be self-contained in my appreciation of myself? And how can I become so? Thank you."
175874762,"Even if meds are elevating your blood sugar, it’s diabetes. Drug induced. If you cannot lower your meds or change to one that doesn’t raise your blood sugar, you must follow a diabetes lifestyle."
175874763,"I think it’s biologically based but with widespread psychological consequences that are treatable with therapy. I don’t think you can get SZ without a strong genetic (or epigenetic) predisposition. Also, that sounds like it could be the prodromal period."
175874764,Are you channelling your inner _PERSON_?
175874765,It's very helpful How are you _PERSON_?
175874766,"This is just so wrong how these police were treated. I feel sorry for police in America. They seem to have so much fighting against them the whole time. I tried to serve in the UK in the army, but my psychosis prevented me from being allowed to join. Please read the stories of 3 of the police attending the scene at the Capitol during those riots… BBC News Capitol riots: Police describe a 'medieval battle' Police held back a crowd of thousands for hours in a ""barbaric"" battle in the halls of US democracy. It’s scary and I think these people are incredibly brave to speak out like this"
175874767,My body is just exhausted and I don't know why. I missed spending time with my friend today because the nursing home scheduled me for stupid stuff (like making my bed). Hopefully I'll get to see him several more times before he goes back.
175874768,"Ironically, _NAME_ faked his own death and moved to Gambia where he has lived for the last 15 years writing an advice column under the pseudonym “_NAME_.”"
175874769,"I slept around 6 hours the last three days and today i finally slept 9 hours (i took trazodone, SOS) i wasn’t sleeping enough no"
175874770,Yep she’s suspended
175874771,I hope the med changes help!
175874772,I don’t know to be honest. I was a professional at lying when I was younger lol so I wouldn’t put it past someone to do that. It’s the age of the internet
175874773,i am on 9mg Reagila(Cariprazine) and works for me.
175874774,That’s a common problem at that age nowadays. Most kids eventually “grow out” of it. It’s an interesting topic frequently discussed on the “Blocked and Reported” podcast.
175874775,"Today my voices were telling me to do things and my OCD was commanding me too. But in all this, the voices told me to stop paying attention to them and my ocd commands. Because I need to be independent and receive help. They mentioned they care about me and they don’t want to see me suffer anymore… I have religious voices and they are from other spirits… They are fake right?! Because I believe they are real spirits. I believe with every action I do that is commanded by them I will go to a parallel or another dimension where my life is better, does that make sense???.. I just want some clarity its weird that they tell me I need help… Anyway if you are reading this Thank you so much I would love to hear your feedback! The questions were: 1.Are these voices and OCD commands fake? Or are they real from a higher dimension? 2. Has anyone had religious themed voices and delusions? 3.Will I be stuck in this loop of suffering? Pease"
175874776,I spent decades feeling there was more going on than just SMI.
175874777,I thought light but it’s not alive
175874778,is it causing problems?
175874779,My life seems to have no meaning in it. But I’m surviving and happy most days. Am I missing out? Are you concerned about a lack of meaning?
175874780,I am living the dream. I am confident in my capacity to persevere and live my dream life.
175874781,Busboy at Hooters?
175874782,Do you have a back problem?
175874783,I used to be pretty conservative myself _AT_MENTION_. Finally I decided to open my mind to other people’s perspectives and experiences and I’m a lot better off for having done so.
175874784,_PERSON_ Happiness is when what you think say and do are in harmony
175874785,"_AT_MENTION_ man, don’t fall into the postmodern art trap. It is an ugly direction. Talking $100,000 for a banana taped to a wall level. What the heck is that? Your realistic art is pretty great, though."
175874786,"Yes, but they sound as your deeper self. They come from a sacred place of the brain. We can’t deny, or defy them. Can you? The simple and funny commands, OK, but the homicidal and suicidal commands are not to be followed by anyone"
175874787,"When I was young like maybe fifth grade our class got split in two and I was captain of one team, the math team. Rather than picking people who were best at math I picked all my friends for the team. I thought I could just train them. I didn’t consider the fact that some people were really far behind etc. My best friend was among the worst at math, every day for a week we studied math at recess. It didn’t help enough because we lost the math competition. Despite learning that lesson long ago, I had forgotten it until now. The lesson is we all have different gifts, don’t force people to mold to your standards....."
174323440,When I started I just slept as much a possible
174323436,"Got it. Drugs didn’t really stop it. I still think it’s real and I wonder, if you send a schizophrenic into space, will he stop hearing voices (will he still be seen?)?"
175874788,"That’s sounds a lot like me… Home alone all day, paralyzed to do anything,… my family’s presence the only thing motivating me. Sorry that I don’t have much to suggest. But for self care I just light candles or some little things that make me feel more comfortable. Even scrolling the internet."
175874789,Why is this being permitted? It is offensive in my opinion. Everything is permitted if you obey the highest law you know. But you are not a Sultan.
175874790,this is a pro-medication and pro-psychiatry website so do not expect a proper answer here
175874791,Thanks for the idea
175874792,"Having a good ‘filter’ mentally; being able to multi-task, etc are more important. I’m the worst at both : ). Nobody in the real world even utters the word ‘IQ’! It carries an association that isn’t received well, perhaps… I dunno. Lastly I forget who said it: But ‘The world is littered with unsuccessful genius’! Take in that soundbite as a compliment but also maybe venture into other topics with your time, you know?"
174323427,My psychiatrist prescribed me Cogentin for the drooling plus other side effects but it doesn’t work too good
175874793,I’ll have to try when I’m not on mobile. This seems interesting.
175874794,I read your other thread. You seem a little off today. You may want to call your doctor back
174323439,"Maybe, but the voices used to be more severe I just thought if it was all gone I would be hearing them on the same severity as I was before"
175874795,Just googled that _AT_MENTION_ seems quite intresting thanks i am reading it now
175874796,I would like to become a psychiatrist if I ever get cured from my negative and cognitive symptoms.
175874797,Did you just take something _AT_MENTION_ said seriously?
175874798,"The more you know, the more you stand out. The more you stand out, the more you appear weird. The more weird you appear, the more crazy you appear."
175874799,yeah my voices are some very harsh aholes.
175874800,Welcome welcome. You will have a geat time here with great people.
175874801,"When you’re dead, you’re dead. People romanticize death as some sweet relief, but honestly, you won’t feel a thing. You won’t even know you’re dead, you’ll just be gone. Besides, suicide is pissing on those who’ve fought for you to get better. It’s saying “I’m not going to try anymore” and just giving up. Things will get better. It shall pass."
175874802,"I like classical music in the background when I’m studying, reflecting or meditating. It gets me into the flow state quickly and easily."
175874803,"What Does That Mean?. Sincerely, Nosferatu Bat Beam (sleepoptimistic)"
175874804,_AT_MENTION_. free range chicken meat is tough and rubbery. To get tender chicken meat it has to be caged. My dad raised free range chickens. So the good tender chicken you get from the store isn’t cruelty free.
175874805,Has this happened before?
175874806,I’m not sure how to advise but I have been denied disability 4 times because my treatment keeps me well enough to allow me to work and symptoms don’t even show. So as long as the treatment is working they can still deny disability. I still have sza
174323448,"I understand the feeling, _USER_ID_. I have no idea if I consider myself religious, but I’ve had spiritual and religious delusions as well as obsessions and they’re scary. I’d recommend abstaining from religion if you can, to be on the safe side."
175874807,"Focus on calming things to help you relax. Take deep breaths and slow down. Listen to music, watch something relaxing or do something that will calm your body and soul. You will be okay. Call somebody who you trust, and just chat. We are hear for you, too."
175874808,"I wasn’t taking my pills in mental hospital, I kept them in my mouth until the nurse was gone then spat them under my bed. The psychiatrist asked me if I am taking the meds, I yelled yes. He brought me to court to extend my hospital stay as I wasn’t getting better. I also yelled when he told me that cops saw me saying nonsense and crying on the floor of our house. It made me mad and I yelled saying thats not true as I felt ashamed. They kept me about 5 months in mental hospital."
175874809,I hope they find out something that you can use and that you will be able to be more active.
175874810,"_AT_MENTION_ Yeah, I use Procreate - on the ipad and pencil."
175874811,My voices came back slowly starting 2 weeks ago and I started Vraylar in addition to my Invega Sustenna 234 mg injection around the same time. The shot didn’t work this time or maybe it was stress from school starting soon but the voices came back and got louder each day. I got curious what they were saying and actually wanted to hear them for a few days but when they got to about 80% volume and kept saying “I AM SO ANGRY” I desperately wanted them to stop. Starting yesterday the voices were only at about 10% volume. Today it’s at like 5%. I’m excited to move back into my apartment and start college without the voices. I think the Vraylar is starting to work.
174323441,"I'm sure shrinks are getting better at diagnosing, in general. I think some of them are better at it than others."
175874812,I have a developmental disability and I would like the right to kill myself if I had severe mental illness…
175874813,My piano teacher was a brokenhearted spinster who hated children. Her fiance stood her up at the wedding = all the guests had arrived and he never showed up. She turned to the rough world of vaudeville and made a great deal of money with world tours. But she remained quite calloused. How it affected me was it made me think I could do nothing else with my hands but play the piano. That’s not much of a life.
175874814,Sounds like good news to me!
175874815,Too close to doc appt. Wouldn’t help me.
175874816,Phew!! What a relief!! I was concerned for you!
175874817,Your gal is insecure. Sounds controlling. Have a discussion with her about this. Establish that you will talk kindly to women in passing. It isn’t a big deal.
174323455,I would pay in titanium doll hairs to see a compilation video of those clips lol.
174323456,Negative symptoms.
175874818,sounds awesome i hope it works out for you
175874819,"Took a shower. Drinking coffee. Who am I kidding, I can't quit coffee. But I will cut back. Anyway, I'm going to take a long walk downtown later. Don't feel up to it but I'll be glad I did once I go."
175874820,I dont hallucinate often but when I do it’s always different voices and sometimes it doesnt even have a quality. I just hear words and cant decide if the voice sounds Male or female.
175874821,It got rid of my obsessive thoughts and anxiety.
174323459,You will have more or new side effects like akathisia etc Do you have any side effects from 10mg?
175874822,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175874823,Dont drink while taking APs.
174323460,"I was taking 90mg abilify, and in the start I had nervousness. I couldn’t sleep well, when I was taking it before bed."
175874824,Oh ok. Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175874825,I see my psychiatrist in 2 hours. I'm not sure what to say. Because all of the OCD thoughts are gone and I'm not panicking right now. I feel fine.
175874826,"Looking at this thread, And others of yours, It appears you just want to argue."
175874827,"I am almost with myself from the beginning of my life. I don’t know if it was with my genes or i was raised that way. But as i am completely grown up now, i feel embarrassed that i was not doing anything other than being with myself. To be at places where there are people scares me a lot, it even makes me want to just vanish. But as i mentioned earlier, i would like to build on some interest and be able to communicate about it and finally have some friends."
175874828,I have on a roller coaster for last few weeks. I have strong anxiety so have Lexapro and vistaril added to my RX. Happy to be back.
174323453,I have very high prolactin. It’s in the thousands. I have just been put on abilify for it.
175874829,"This place I get ice cream from created an event on facebook about their half gallon sale for next week, it came up as an event that might interest me. All half gallons for $2.99. omg I have a problem. Facebook knows me so well haha"
175874830,"_AT_MENTION_, about your spiritual thoughts (faith, God, hereafter, etc.), you are not delusional. You are a deeeeep thinker. All those things you said, soooo interesting! And about IQ, they only measure certain things. They aren't measuring this thing that you have, something more valuable. Thank you for sharing!"
175874831,Right around $13k worth life kinda went down hill fast
175874832,Motto since the beginning: Don’t sweat the small stuff it’s all small.
175874833,Get a new pdoc would be my first thought.
175874834,"Take the steel hat off? But seriously, IDK. Maybe massage it?"
175874835,Were you overly sensitive in your childhood? Did things affect you more than they should?
175874836,"dmo, You sure have your hands full. I do take Xanax for anxiety as needed. Lately my anxiety has been a lot higher than it was for years. I do meditate. Often I can meditate myself to sleep at night. Which is a plus. I would learn meditation. You can do it anywhere just like breathing exercises. I found breathing properly can bring my anxiety down. Though you probably already know this, try breathing in through the nose and out through the mouth (with pursed lips). It is known as smelling the roses and blowing out the candles. It helps me a lot. A therapist can help you sort things out and set priorities. You need for you and your wife to be able to do things together. Is there a senior center near you where you could drop father in law off for an hour or so and you and your wife can do something together? Putting yourself first once in awhile isn't selfish. You don't know what the outcome is going to be. Does your wife have any siblings who could take him for a week or two? Even a few nights would 
give you some breathing space. Or does he have any relatives? If he can take care of himself just go. Explain it to him. Tell your wife he is going to stay home. I think therapy would help you to realize that you have to think of yourself once in awhile. Think about it. Support... We all need it. Hugs, _NAME_ PS Thanks for the compliment."
175874837,There’s a hormonal and a non hormonal version I think…
175874838,I seriously think I’m going nutty…
175874839,"yeah i still have some paranoia but at least the command hallucinations have eased up significantly…i put taht down to a double dose of anti psychotics …im on 20mg olanzapine and 800mg quetiapine…it helps keep me stable…what i advice peopleis if one anti psychotic is not enough to help you, you should taek a douoble dose like me…its better than being persecuted and off your head"
175874840,Omg you are right the skull mines do go on forever...I may not get into those so much...
175874841,"20200413_1300231536×2048 678 KB I found a bunch of Styrofoam in a box while attempting to clean the spare bedroom and decided to use a small piece for something creative. Remembered my old, old poems I did on electric typewriter on some stationary paper so I put it on this, decorated it simple. You might be able to see it was written in 1995 and hasn’t been kept well but it’s one of my favorites I’ve written during that time. I propped it up on my desk."
175874842,What should I do? They want to send me in hell
175874843,that commercial just brought this one to memory lol. he should of practice his ladder skills before marketing lol
174323465,What were all your positive symptoms?
175874844,"Yes, when I was on it. It took away my Parkinsonism/TD whatever it was."
175874845,I had a bowel movement. I walked my brothers dogs. I had a quick dip.
175874846,Hang in there _AT_MENTION_ sounds like tough times ahead. I am really sorry your going through this.
175874847,Geez. Sounds complex but well done on figuring it out.
175874848,I took mine last night. I don't want to take it anymore. I wish I had a good reason but I don't. I have to keep taking it but I don't want to.
175874849,sorry to hear you doing bad =( you gonna try to go to your new job still though?
175874850,There was an ASMRtist on YouTube named raphytaffy who had these great ‘stress cubes’ I think they were called. Clearly since I recall enough I’ll try to dig up the actual name… bc they might be worth looking into.
175874851,Is it loud all the time?
175874852,"I totally agree with that . Having said that it brings the need to meet x criteria to get a dx into dispute . If 5 criteria are needed to get a dx and you have 3 you’ll be under what’s needed , even though those 3 are having a noticeable impact on your functioning ."
175874853,I cried for a minute - I'll just keep going. I just want the day to end.
174323462,"How I see it is that medicated schizophrenia suppressed my personality but it didn’t change it. I didn’t become narcisstic, psychopath, sociopath, etc Without meds maybe it changes personality, I am not a psychiatrist."
175874854,"I need to say that exactly, but in a sort of dignified way and a way that people will feel motivated to help. I see people post sad statuses pretty often and rarely do I see people responding to them or doing anything about it. It’s kinda ?????? up"
175874855,"I finally broke my ten day plateau. I’m down another pound, so it’s 13 pounds down since starting Zyprexa, and 64 pounds total. Thank goodness, I was feeling pretty discouraged even though I knew it would move again. Plateaus suck."
175874856,my book was only 188 pages…I don’t know how many words that is…
175874857,ABC News EU fines drug makers for keeping cheap medicine off market The European Union has fined two pharmaceutical companies for colluding to keep a cheap alternative to a sleep disorder medicine off the market for their profit and at the expense of patients
175874858,I like things like this. Like sleeping in the back seat of a car when it rains..
174323451,"I’d say it’s a tie between Schizophrenia, diabetes and lung cancer. Schizophrenia because people keep asking questions like “ did trauma in your childhood cause it? ” and “ are you dangerous off your meds? ” Diabetes becacuse in my country, it’s considered a lifestyle disease, meaning you don’t get any help in paying for insulin. My friend has type 1½, and he has to shell out large amounts of money each month for insulin. He’s had to sell some of his belongings a few times in order to afford it. And lung cancer becacuse it’s also considered a self-inflicted lifestyle disease. People tend to say things like “ people with lung cancer should pay for treatment themselves ” and such, and it breaks my heart. Sure, smoking increases the risk of lung cancer. But obesity increases the risk of heart complications, and you don’t hear anyone saying “ fat people shouldn’t be put on the transplant list ”…"
175874859,I wanna paint my nails now too
175874860,It’s a headache that can’t even think and has no relief.
174323471,I wonder if the reason I’ve been feeling funky is cause I’ve only been taking 10mg abilify instead of 15! Doh! I have a 10mg bottle and a 15mg bottle… but can’t find the 15… so I think I’ve only been taking 10mg… slaps forehead
175874861,"Agree, if you can function and feel fine with thw right dosage, there is no need to reduce the dose"
175874862,What do you guys think? I think I overdid the light on the ocean and the blue in the supposed to be the same color with the light on the mountain hmm ?
175874863,I believe I have the psychic feeling
175874864,"Risperidone doesnt really sedate me but i can imagine it will kick my butt combined with ativan, now i am scared to even take them for two weeks."
175874865,They’ve been so bad this year. I’m going to adjust a little about voices. Jesus call my caseworker if I have to tomorrow .
174323452,I think some users here are on 5-10mg Abilify as an add on ap to reduce prolactine.
175874866,"For me disability of sza means when I can’t cope with daily life. The more I can’t cope with getting up, hygiene of my body, dressing, cooking, cleaning, going out, driving, working etc, the more it’s a disability. At the moment I’m about 50% able and 50% disabled. I can shower, cook, clean house a bit, brush my teeth occasionally, go out very occasionally (though reluctantly), and look after hubby. But I struggle with working on my art and writing projects and with going out most times, and with cleaning house and my teeth properly. And socialising. Ability = functioning Disability = not functioning"
175874867,"Hello elisarodriguez.......It is a matter of accepting the fact that you need medication to survive.You and millions of other people need medication to survive. If a person is a diabetic they need their medication, if their thyroid gland does not work properly....they need their synthroid, otherwise the whole body will miss-fire. Your medication is no different....YOU NEED IT, and you are even able to see that yourself. To discontinue your medication would be very stupid, just as I would be very stupid to discontinue my medication. Do not look at your medication as a pain in the butt, but rather....be VERY THANKFUL FOR YOUR MEDICATION, and take it will a smile on your face, and know that it gives you a chance for a great life. It is your lifeline......how fortunate you are!"
175874868,Crows don’t eat ××××. _PERSON_ said.
175874869,Fair point _AT_MENTION_. I meant for people living in cooler climates.
175874870,"I use a lot of pink salt and regular salt. I take 5 grams of salt from tablets daily and I’m supposed to get another 5 grams from my food/drink. The Liquid IV is a little expensive, but they work pretty well."
175874871,Thanks wave. I hope you get over the withdrawals soon.
175874872,"i was forced to take this poison and this ???? ruined me. i dont know if i can back normal like before.i lost my appetite, 5 month without feel hungry symptom. i dont feel much plesure,motivation and sometimes i feel depressed. I have difficulty to reproduce semen.i dont know what happened with me.Before i use invega sustenna I was a very motivated person, I was very hungry, my libido was extremely high, I wanted to do a lot of sports, I was very happy and I was happy to do things."
174323457,"“These observations support the hypothesis that smoking alleviates negative symptoms in schizophrenia patients, which may account for the heavier smoking pattern among schizophrenia patients,” psychcentral.com – 8 Sep 13 Nicotine Therapy for Schizophrenia? Individuals who suffer from schizophrenia may be more inclined to smoke cigarettes because the nicotine reduces negative symptom severity, researchers report. Negative symptoms are defined as a"
175874873,My disability claim is currently trying to get an otr review. Anyone have any experience. Quality assurance selected me to be reviewed otr by AA. What are my chances. My status online says hearing request pending
175874874,It’s definitely easier said than done to quit. I would recommend buying her patches. Also stress how important it is to you that she quit. The patches were working well for me. I was smoking like 4 cigs a day on them. Almost to the point where I wouldn’t need any. Then I got worried I was gonna have a heart attack smoking with patches on. I took the patches off and started smoking a lot again. It was one of the worst decisions of my life. Now I have very little desire to quit.
175874875,I have my days where it’s actually hard and then I have days where depression tricks me into thinking life is hell. Some times I have good times though and I can’t say it’s all bad but it is really a pain having depression.
175874876,Middle east news triggers me.
174323458,When I took sarcosine for a week it made me hyper active then the next week it made it took me back to my negative symptoms but I was still hyper active sometime but I did feel my energy was drained
175874877,I don’t have the concentration and patience for therapy besides I would need the therapist to treat me in bed as I can’t get out of my bed and my house.
175874878,"Currently sza bipolar type. In the past it’s been any thing as simple as anxiety disorder, or bipolar to major depressive with psychotic features."
175874879,"Thanks for posting. A warning - i think a lot of things that artificially increase GABA lead to adjustments in your brain, addiction, withdrawal, ending up more sensitive to anxiety and psychosis than before. Be careful experimenting with such things."
175874880,That is awesome. What med do you think is helping the most?
175874881,"So I’ve been summoned for jury duty. I know I can get out of it by mentioning my diagnosis, but then it becomes public record and I could lose my job. If I do serve, the prosecution and defense can ask all kinds of personal questions which then become public record too (right?) Is there any way I can get out of this without it becoming a public spectacle?"
175874882,IMG_20190921_140103.jpg 3840×5120 _USER_ID_ MB This is with the impact filter on my phone: I’m not sure which way I prefer it IMG_20190921_140258.jpg 1920×2560 1.31 MB
175874883,"I take it as an antipsychotic, not as a sleep aid. And I work out 4 days a week and am not overweight, so I think I’ll be fine."
175874884,I’ve had both spiritual and persecutory delusions before.
174323464,Neither honestly
175874885,"I’m sorry I’m asking so many questions! Do you just distract yourself? Do they go away? Do you attach meaning to them? Do you ever feel ashamed of them? I am in intensive outpatient for exposure therapy. However, it’s outrageously expensive so I will need to stop soon. Just trying to learn coping skills now."
175874886,"L[quote=“seksoempirico, post:12, topic:173883”] WHen you say “delusions”, you mean full-blown delusions or the lingering after effects of psychosis once on medication? [/quote] I mean both… how long does it last"
175874887,Why dont you accept the fact that you NEED Anti-Psychotics? Sorry fella - but its a bit of a pattern with you. You quitting your meds is just screwing you up - an im sorry but your lacking insight on this. Take your bloody pills.
175874888,"I take haldol 3mg at night. It is a weird drug, only been on it a little bit. But it makes me more ‘manic’ or hypomanic. It certainly helps though with the duration of sleep that I get. I sleep maybe 10-12 hours. I also (subjective) feel dumber? on it for some reason. I like paliperidone the best. Hope this helps. Oh and no other side effects. like other 1st generation psychotics."
175874889,I will go to the US see a psychiatrist every year and get a year’s pills supply. I think thats too expensive though and maybe the border agents wont let me get in Canada with 365 pills of Vraylar.
175874890,"Hi, hope yall fine"
175874891,Ugh _NAME_ be home alone til 10pm I hate that
175874892,Yeah it’s common around here and sometimes it’s a really cruel thing. I was ultra aggressive and changed meds for better function a lot. That is pretty much a crap shoot because you may get something better but if you try and go back because it fails you may need more of the same med or it may not work at all… Still. I’m happy to be on what I’m on now and after a long time I actually came down on my antidepressant…I’m doing really well but it’s been a long journey to get there.
175874893,Oh. Ok !!!
175874894,"I bought 2 games from the Nintendo Eshop last night. One is a solitaire, and one is chess. I don't know how to play chess but I'd like to learn."
175874895,I feel like I didn’t make enough of my two times. I was so anti social and avoided everyone. I regret it
175874896,I used to get really anxious about being in the house alone at night. Sometimes I would “feel” someone in the house an intruder and I would be searching the house trying to find them. When I got anxious I would cuddle with my dog or text a friend. I’d come to this forum. I would also go to sleep early to sleep it off. I wouldn’t feel so anxious being home alone during the day.
174323469,"i dont know whats a team is but i have all these preoccupations in my mind i mean i have some ways of showing my affection or gratitude to her in my own way i know that its takes effort by the two of us to complete but i want someone with whom i can share all my secrets my stupidness my idiotic jokes my sorrows & joys with whom i can be whole gain,i just wants a person who will stay by me no matter what as i would do the same courtesy towards her no matter what i don’t want a lover rather a friend with whom i want to fall in love…i know its pretty cheesy (haha) but i am a hopeless romantic from start"
175874897,"I was an isolated child. Still am. I didn’t think a lot. I was a doer as long as it meant working alone. Feeling lost happened later. That’s when i found I couldn’t function at all = not even alone. Slowly, I began to realize that a psychotic doctor and my father had taken a toll on me. Used me for money. Now, I’m cleaning up my act, being myself and loving _NAME_."
175874898,Aww I am sorry Sleep. I know a lot of Taureans… they run in and out of my life but we get a long well when we do spend time together or talk.
175874899,"I get bitter when I’m hating myself. “There, you. That’ll teach you!” Learning is possible."
175874900,"I appreciate the suggestions, thank you all. hydroxyzine is sounding like the most promising option so far. Will definitely bring it up with my p-nurse. I kinda ended up not sleeping any last night oops. But I feel a lot better! Last night was kind of embarrassing - I was sitting down and part of my right leg started getting all tingly like is usual for me with extreme anxiety… but I got the usual ideas about possibly having a fatal illness so I started Googling stroke symptoms. Bad bad bad idea. I stood up and walked around a little and the sensation went away but I stayed vigilant for any more ‘symptoms’ which of course never came. It was ridiculous lol."
174323463,any good ones 1111
175874901,"_AT_MENTION_ yes, I took the grocery job. Is that a new avatar? I love avocados. New job orientation today. 6 hours long. Nervous. Drop off donations. Return books to store. Buy new fish tank decor. Not enough hiding spaces now that I moved stuff around to break up territories."
174323466,I take clozapine for a half year now. I have no side effects
174323467,I ask because I experience this frequently as well. Even before the obsession began that I was “losing it” it would happen then as well. I think that it’s a pretty common experience even for those who aren’t at risk for psychosis. I’ve asked some friends around me and they have stated that they’ve experienced it before as well.
175874902,I’m a pretty good person. The worst things I do is watch TV shows.
174323468,"just wondering, what are your symptoms? I have mild OCD and I take clozapine as well. Obsessional OCD and intrusive thoughts from thought broadcast. But also some checking OCD as in did I lock the door or shut my car lights off."
175874903,"These companies also sell genuine Windows 10 licenses, I got 3 for 5$CA each many years ago, no issues."
175874904,"Yuck, that's not fun"
175874905,Congrats!!! is
175874906,Good luck! May this be an exciting change and new start.
175874907,"By that I mean the mind jumping to an unlikely reason for something . For example the other night I went to bed , and soon after doing so heard a strange sound . My mind immediately leapt to "" The Iranians have launched a nuclear bomb"" . I got up and waited for bad things to happen . I think it’s definitely tied in with recent news events . It was highly unlikely they had , and a strange,some may illogical , conclusion to jump to . I’m thinking it wasn’t psychotic thinking , but then would a mentally healthy mind have so rapidly entertained such a thought?"
175874908,"Thanks for the tip bro, I will. I saved the seller."
175874909,Nice Artwork!! 155554
175874910,"Cool! You got it! Now be honest, did you Google the question? :"
175874911,"Well Friends And Such…, My Wish Came True…, The Sun, (Clearusconnectiv) Arrived…, It’s Now Finally Warmer in The House I Stay At…, Picked Up Some Items From The Store…, It Was a Slightly Chilly Walk…, But I Had My Slightly Warm Coat, So It Was A-O.K. (!!!)…, The Guy That Works Behind The Counter Hates it When I Ask For Two Bags…, Ya’know, Walking With a Few Things an All…, One Day, I Decided to Not Ask For an Extra Bag And it Ripped, as All of My Stuff Scattered All Over…, Thankfully The Walk Was Jus Beginning So It Wasn’t a Long Trek Back to Get The Bags, I SHOULDA ASKED FOR (!!!)…, The Guy (EVERYTIME, i ask for an extra bag), “no no it’s strong bag”…, N e Hoo, I Asked For One Thus Morning And He Kept Repeating, “no no it’s strong bag no no”…, I’m Like, ‘Dude, The Last Time it Ripped’!., And Then He Responds With, “no no it didnt, it’s strong bag”…, I Almost Laughed But Kept My Cool, And as He Bagged it With The Extra, I Said, ‘Have a Gre
at Day, THANK YOU’…, N e Hoo…, I Sat Outside For a Little While And Enjoyed The Warmer Weather And Plan on Doing it Again…, Since I’ve Been Able to Get Back Online, I Have Been Overwhelmed With THUS & THAT & THUS & THAT…, My Last Psychologist Warned Me, ‘Do Not Let it Consume You’…, Good Advice, But I Always Get Consumed…, I’m Always Searching For The Spark…, The Meaning…, The Point…, The Reason…, The Purpose…, But I Get Little Sleep And Spiral Into Oblivion, Thinking Maybe Something I Discover Will Help…, I’m _PERSON_…, Hope Everyone Has a Great Day… . …"
175874912,Same here. I don’t like the feeling of having debt hanging over me.
175874913,I feel i dont need friends anymore I feel good alone thats enough for me
175874914,I tear up but never actually cry. I stopped being able to cry on Invega and the ability hasn’t come back yet.
175874915,psychosis-spectrum732×600 119 KB Changed my mind. Here’s mine. Loss of pleasure seems a little low…It’s one of the biggest things I struggle with.
175874916,"Good morning, From my universe anyway... I once flipped a coin in a subway that was by the local supermarket. Out came a garish journeyman of the plumbing committee, he was not happy to say the least. ""What have you done with the quarter, it now has three sides!"" he exclaimed. With a snap of the head sideways, his burning frown turned into a gleeful smile. ""Now that's the stuff dreams are made of..."" Before I let him continue, I flipped the multi-sided coin. Like a leaf in the wind, it drifted slowly through the air before landing on the floor with a dreaded tin thud. ""Pigs eye, I lost!"" The stranger screeched. Here, have a lollipop. And with that, he reached into his weathered pocket through grimacing expressions, to yield something that I had never seen before. It was as if the cockroaches playing about in the adjacent sewers began to sing in harmony, their squeaks mysteriously echoed in the pale moonlight that lit up the foreboding tunnel. Within a microsecond, his hand was within mine, as 
he was some sort of Antarctic yoga master. I grasped the newly acquired contents, not letting anything, not even a single electron, observe what I had just obtained. Something caught my attention on the ground so I glanced towards what appeared to be a pink spotlight near my feet. A sharp sound came from the nearby stairwell, forcing me to look over to see what it was. The odd stranger had vanished as quickly as he had appeared. I was now compelled to open the hand which contained the miraculous trinket. What I saw shook me to my very inner soul. It was a clay figurine of my own image. How bizarre and petty, I thought. Not wanting to carry the worthless token, I threw it onto the tracks. A blaring horn could now be heard, which was followed by an equally blinding light. The train had arrived, time to go to outer reaches of the moon. For some reason, a headache began to manifest in my head in which the intensity increased exponentially as the train came closer. I closed my eyes for a split second to try to all
eviate the pain. To my horror, when I opened them I was now on the track! I tried to move my body, but nothing happened. The train sped closer...."
174323473,I think it should work… its a first neagative symptoms treatment medication…
175874917,"It’s something to explore at least. If you get treatment, maybe work will become easier"
175874918,"Well, I told the French man about my illness and he paused for awhile. Now, he is pursuing me again. Whatever! Some people just run away and others accept it and continue as is."
175874919,What’s your boyfriend doing? Talking to him or other people might help... when I’m lonely I find even talking to strangers work... hell I called a crisis text line. It was useful
175874920,you sound very delusional and paranoid…only your psychiatrist giving you different meds will answer your prayers my friend…trust your doctor.
175874921,Only u know if it’s real or not but also you can’t trust your mind. So it’s hard to say.
175874922,Its atypical. That’s as much as I know really _
175874923,Autism is awesome. I didn’t let that stop me. (Didn’t know the rest at the time though.)
175874924,"That’s not stupid at all, it does help, it helps a lot but sometimes I crash if I don’t continue to up the dose if that makes sense!"
175874925,"Nah, some sort of freelance mindfulness. It was all wrong though or thats how it felt."
174323474,Glad to here it. My only problem I live alone and don’t have anyone to take care of me while recovering. I also don’t have anyone to drive me home from the hospital.
175874926,I’d say the same for people here in the USA too.
175874927,I forgot to mention that I now have a Polar H10 heart rate monitor to measure which heart rate zone I was in during my 10km walk. It’s very interesting information. Screenshot_20210306-165202_Polar Flow1080×743 142 KB
174323470,"It’s basically working just as well for me now as it was 7 months ago. I’ve got some positive symptoms right now, but I’m under load in terms of stress. I’m pretty sure that without this stuff I’d be on 4x the dose of my AP and right on the edge of a relapse. I’m doing okay all things considered. Betting the positive symptoms disappear once again in a few weeks after things have settled."
175874928,I need to wake up at the perfect times or I feel like shyte..
174323472,You got depression or negative symptoms? Wellbutrin made me worse and it didn’t help negative symptoms.
175874929,"You’re totally out of line. Mostly because you’re probably drunk. Get off the forum because all you want is for someone to tell you its okay to drink, And its not. You’re lucky there aren’t any mods on to close this topic."
175874930,I’m not long awake and I don’t feel so good. But I’ll get better as the day goes on. Also I’ve got a sore throat. Just in time for Christmas
175874931,"Showered Washed hair Straightened hair Clipped fingernails Clean socks and undies (um the rest of my clothes have been worn earlier in the week) Tuna fish sandwich for breakfast and tuna fish sandwich for lunch Lots of fluids Can't think of anything else........oh yes, cuddle time with _NAME_ this morning and then cuddle time with _NAME_ (one of my cats and my Mom's dog)"
174323477,"I agree with what some others are saying, Maybe you can get her hospitalized involuntarily. You said she gets in accidents all the time, so she is a danger to herself and others, That’s enough to land you in the hospital."
175874932,Did you try antidepressants?
175874933,This was kinda click bait. My mom has scoliosis steel rod in her spine.
175874934,"Lol me too, my max credit card lol. But i always pay them back."
175874935,Good gift idea! I’m anticipating pictures of your work. I’m sure it’ll be awesome
175874936,yeah and the less you drive the less you know how to…
175874937,"I hope I am compassionate and try to help other people. I show them that I care. I love my parents, family, and friends."
175874938,I am doing better. I don’t have voices frequently. I have some unusual beliefs from time to time though. You? Do you have symptoms?
175874939,I’ve been on invega sustenna for 8 months my dosage is 156mg
175874940,"I’d love to lose weight. If that’s a side effect, I’ll take it lol. But I’m worried about the depression it might cause."
175874941,I hope everything goes smoothly for you. Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
175874942,mr_trus_me.jpg 464×619 160 KB
175874943,They should only involve police if the victim presses charges otherwise it’s a waste of resources.
175874944,I don’t feel comfortable outside my house. 9200 was my best recently.
175874945,also what i’ve found is that for me ( i hallucinate daily) i need flexiblility. I’ve found in planning anything not just working i need flexibility. and that might be something to consider too.
175874946,Ok _AT_MENTION_ 1515
175874947,Ah ignore that I'll be positive eventually without reassurance
175874948,"My weight has fluctuated up or down about 4 pounds on AP’s, so no I haven’t really had any substantial weight gain. I’ve been on haldol, zyprexa, geodon, and now latuda and seroquel"
175874949,"Maybe that’s why I’m the way I am, I’m a musician."
174323476,"twitter.com ECNPtweets (ECNPtweets) We have prepared a series of six videos to show you what PRISM is about and its aims. In the first video _PERSON_, the project co-ordinator, introduces the project. #IMI2PRISM #schizophrenia #depression #ECNP _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ youtu.be/Uwi7PzG6eC0 https://t.co/wWleRfkIni 2:50 PM - 29 Aug 2019"
175874950,"That’s scary, here most of the protesting is downtown but they’re going after cops etc...the shut down the cta and imposed a curfew...."
175874951,That sounds awful. I’m so sorry you’re suffering like that.
175874952,I couldn’t decide as they all looked too similar to me.
175874953,It would make me happy. I like the idea.
175874954,Good luck!
175874955,I can’t stand still. My legs are always moving.
174323484,And that its part of your new worse personality. It made your personality worse.
175874956,"I feel the same way sometimes. Especially the first and the second time of my episode. I feel into depression and felt like a burden to my family, also i keež thinking that i will never feel like a normal person, unaffected by medication"
175874957,"It’s pretty, but even with my hearing aids up all the way I can’t make out any of the lyrics. Thanks for linking them!"
175874958,i feel that everybody likes me
175874959,"Biggest worry for me is the voices corrupting my passage to the “other side” somehow, maybe sending me somewhere I don’t want to go."
175874960,sorry that you have to get that surgery _AT_MENTION_ … i hope you recover fast.
174323481,"I more or less grew up on stories of what you seem to refer to as “wandering mystics”. Both christian and vishuist saints, likely others as well, are described to have visions, communicate with apparently inanimate objects and having “unusual beliefs”. I don’t believe for a second that those mystics were allowed to wander just as a form of treatment. The disturbed were locked up or otherwise disposed just as they are now. Those mystics acted differently to every schizophrenic I know of."
175874961,I get paid on the 3rd so mine went in overnight last night. I woke up to a text message saying my direct deposit had been received. Hope everything works out in your favor _AT_MENTION_ .
175874962,"Hello everyone, So just an update on what's been going on with me. I am going to get new blinds for my living room and kitchen. I am buying the cordless ones that you just raise up and down. Won't have to fool with strings anymore. The blinds I have now are so cumbersome to pull up and down with the strings. Plus they are quite old and ready to be replaced anyway. Anyways I hope everyone is having a great week so far."
175874963,So it looks like the stimulus will be for taxpayers not disabled folk.
175874964,_AT_MENTION_ YouTube? No. Try Pornhub. Your boss will understand especially if you grab a few videos and burn him some copies.
175874965,It’s in our village now. A case at the local school here.
175874966,I’m hoping to be able to get all my teeth pulled and eventually get dentures. Half my teeth are already gone. What’s left are a lot of broken teeth. My face on one side is swollen all the way up to my eye. I know I need to get the worst ones pulled for now
175874967,"Classical music help me forget the voices, but the slightest hint of anxiety or an awkward conversation - and they are always back. They never really piss off - unless im asleep and dreaming. But i recognise them now (most of the time) they all have thier own accent - so its slightly easier to ignore them, especially when im just sat in the flat anyway and theres no-one physically here. They do catch me out in public tho - cos my natural reaction is to think is someone actually saying it. Haha - They just said “bless you - poor bloke” Christ im a narcissist lol."
175874968,I took all of them just now
175874969,"I do not believe in skipping, I’ve been advised that I’ll feel drunker on smaller amounts of drink and so I generally keep it for a special occasion and don’t drink more then a shot."
175874970,I think its good. My cousin has a TCL and its also good.
175874971,"I don’t understand, your voices are private hallucinations and shouldn’t affect your mother at all."
175874972,yeah I feel the same. I feel like so much time has gone past and I need to make up for it. But always something is better than nothing I think
175874973,20201219_1236063120×4160 1.91 MB 20201219_1236293120×4160 1.89 MB 20201219_1236353120×4160 1.81 MB
175874974,Do ye ever meet up in real life I mean all the mods?
175874975,I picked up my medicine at the pharmacy. I went to the bank to get my disability check; and I went to get a couple of packs of cigarettes.
175874976,I understand completely. I was in school too and I had to leave bc of mental illness. Broke my heart.
175874977,Idk man it’s pretty standard to come off medication after one episode… I don’t know how many you have had but it’s always worth a shot in my opinion if you’ve been completely stable on a low dose already. _USER_ID_: I just read you had 2 episodes…it’s ultimately up to you. You should know the triggers and warning signs before you do it tho.
174323486,Some people here have had success with Amyloban3399 for voices. https://www.iherb.com/pr/Mushroom-Wisdom-Amyloban-3399-180-Veggie-Tabs/44770 I don’t hear voices but I tried it anyway and it didn’t work out for me. You might have better luck. Also what dose of L-theanine were you taking? L-theanine is supposed to help positive symptoms so you might have some luck if you increase the dose?
175874978,"My husband is on nights tonight. I could go catch the bus but that’s mad We don’t have that many cases round here if covid, but it’s still public transport"
175874979,Do you have a thermometer ? Keep an eye on your temperature.
174323482,You need black pepper otherwise it doesn’t get absorbed in your system. I use it all the time and it really helps. I love it. I have so much of the stuff in my cupboard. It’s very good for inflammation. I find it a bit estrogenic though but it helps. Turmeric and black pepper is the best way to go.
175874980,aren't you a couple hours behind me? I don't see the sun rising until an hour from now.
175874981,Sorry you’re feeling bad.....I’m not sure what it could be....
175874982,Now with my gym closed I do one hour of pump at home two times a week. Go on my bike for half a hour once a week and walk my brothers dogs for 45minutes three times a week. When the gym was open I exercised more. I went to the gym four times a week two of those times were double classes if 1 hour and 45 minutes. I have to forse myself to exercise. There is resistance.
175874984,"I’m going on about three hours of sleep for the week in the last five days. I was up all day Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, I slept Wednesday for three hours not at all Thursday and now it’s early Friday morning. I’m even taking 100 mg of zyprexa and I still can’t sleep."
174323485,I couldn’t get yours to work. Just get a blank white page. Thanks for sharing though.
175874985,Might be salt deficiency too. Deer blood is a major source of salt for some northern people.
175874986,"Its going to be okay. Try distracting yourself. I got a fraudulent charge before, its very scary I know. But it will all work itself out!"
174323483,I would try multiple AP’s if I were you. I wouldn’t want to go on Clozaril if I were you either.
175874987,"Thank you, yes it’s been the worst. I’m feeling more stable now that I’m on loxapine."
174323491,"Maybe take them earlier in the evening like 7 or 8, sleep all night and have a whole day to yourself"
175874988,Have some faith…keep stress low and I’m sure you’ll be fine. Concentrate on the little things. Each order even…it’ll be easy if you keep it simple. Good luck.
175874989,Maybe that is one of the reason normal people stigmaize us they think we psychopaths?
175874990,yeah might be that How long do i have to take the medd
175874991,You sound so positive! This is awesome!
175874992,I just tried to find _PERSON_ in search and no results…
175874993,"That’s sounds pretty normal, one thing the mind needs to work right is calm. When you are worried, anxious, stressed the mind is in an alert state that you just won’t be able to think straight."
175874994,I think she’s trying to say that we need to help ourselves too.
175874995,"Everybody will be focusing on the game, not you. I would just say to dress casually but neatly, and take a shower and go well groomed with your hair combed. It sounds like fun to me."
175874996,Physical injury?
175874997,My memory is weak weak when I am psychotic. Lots of things I don’t remember in mental hospital or when I was psychotic.
175874998,I'm thinking of buying ice cream tomorrow... I haven't had ice cream in awhile Going to mass Sunday morning with my friend I followed my meal plan for today
175874999,"I know what you’re going through. It’s like your thoughts are syncing with the neighbour’s noises. I think this is solvable, but I am not 100% out yet. The solution seems to be stopping yourself from producing anymore adrenochrome (oxidized adrenaline) by reducing your chronic brain inflammation to normal healthy levels. Adrenochrome is like LSD, when it resides in your brain you start getting crazy synchronicities and feeling like you’re in the _NAME_ show if it is bad enough. I am “less synced” than before but there is still noticable pressure in my brain. So I am still ill."
175875000,"If it’s through the radiology department, and not in the ER, I have often had to wait until the doctor reviewed the images."
175875001,Yes I have an idea of it it really does sound fascinating
175875002,"I really haven’t had good luck getting zoom to work. I don’t have a computer, just a smartphone. I’m happy with the forum the way it is."
175875003,Debating between Enter Sandman - Metallica Enter _PERSON_ - cover by Motörhead
175875004,"I’ve been on Zyprexa for two months now. It usually makes people sedated, yet it gives me insomnia so I take it in the early morning. It usually makes people eat a lot, yet it curbs my appetite. Yes, everyone’s different."
175875005,I dont know. I’m still trying to answer the question of if my SZA was caused by drug use or my drug use was caused by SZA. If I could answer that I could answer this question.
175875006,Only drinking coffee in the mornings. Tea in the afternoon
175875007,"I know that when I was on Prozac for many years I had little interest in sex, a fact of Prozac side effects. That fact didn't bother me because my depression had lifted greatly. I can safely bet that your libido is effected by the medications you are taking. Talk with you doctor if this is a concern for you. Good luck. Sincerely, _NAME_"
175875008,I have stopped smoking weed for a year or so
175875009,I don't mean the song to feel harsh or anything.. I just like to listen to _NAME_ when I'm feeling crazy... Feel it a little harsh but not too harsh
175875010,"Thank you, _PERSON_!"
175875011,Sometimes apologies dont need to mean anything. They’re just accepted and acknowledged for the consequences of what was said or done.
174323489,I think the skit to already has to much corn in her ear
175875012,maybe your recovering.
175875013,"I dated my current wife for a year and got married this year.I think our relationship is still healthy,I am just afraid this illness can make things goes wrong.I never believe"
175875014,"I don’t pressurise the cleaner. What she does is what my stepdaughter has asked her to do. Part of it also is the ‘I’m not physically disabled so I don’t deserve/need such help’ syndrome which rears it head from time to time. It’s an attitude the general public can often have , and one as a mentally ill person it’s easy to take to heart and self stigmatise yourself with."
175875015,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875016,I had people that I thought wanted to fight me both times I was in there. Could hardly even pace the floor. I was nervous over leaving each time as I wasn’t used to the meds also. The second time I tested positive for covid and I was just other people that tested positive.
175875017,Cuz you think it’s gonna be like old VR and you only see the front screen. But somehow the whole inside of the headset transforms into another world. Not just in front of you but behind u and on the sides. And me even below and above u. It’s INSANE.
174323488,"I was in a study on how the brain reacted to various pictures of faces and what they meant to them, angry, happy etc for Schizophrenia people In return I got a Brain scan is why I took it, they sent me these pics brain1276×566 210 KB"
174323487,"U r an outstanding person, _PERSON_."
175875018,That looks great! I hope he was pleased.
175875019,They use aps for many things not just anxiety and szc
175875020,"I usually can’t sleep 8 hours either, its a bit more like 9h or 9h30 but I found it easier when I have something scheduled in the morning like 9 am. Everyone has different meds and doses, but I agree with you this illness make us sleep more to be more functional most of the times."
175875021,I wonder if our brains are dreaming? Like when you dream you sometimes see people and they’re shadows or invisible? Kind of like day dreaming.
175875022,My paranoid thoughts/beliefs started back then
174323494,"From google : Anosognosia, also called "" lack of insight ,"" is a symptom of severe mental illness experienced by some that impairs a person’s ability to understand and perceive his or her illness. It is the single largest reason why people with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder refuse medications or do not seek treatment. Don’t be tricked by the disease. Listen to your doctors."
175875023,Were you taking your medication when you got angry with your wife?
174323490,"The idea that you’re targeted feels like a phase of paranoid schizophrenia. I still get thought broadcasting to some extent and feel like I’m the center of attention in some metaphysical manner, but I no longer think I’m being gang-stalked or targeted by the government. I feel there are two realities going on, one is the “real world” and the second is the “spirit world”. They are both intertwined, but being “big” in one doesn’t necessarily mean you are big in the other. I feel that schizophrenics are “big” in the spirit world, in that their lack of mental filter makes them shine like a beacon in that realm. Higher intelligences in the spirit realm clamor to interact with them creatively, through living people, via promoting / encouraging commentary that “fits” with the novel, unique worldview a schizophrenic is weaving together. If questioned about this dialogue, the people will soundly deny knowing you, because they really don’t know you. It’s the higher-level being
s talking through them that “know” you. They live in a near-omnipotent realm. I realize now that these “higher intelligences” are not government, they are just random “saved” individuals who are overseeing you, who really are powerful and can set up some amazing coincidences for you, and they’re largely benevolent. Religious people tend to have nicer voices, also, bordering on the angelic, but they can be very rude if thoughts are not pure, and it is very hard for schizophrenics to have pure thoughts. I realize this should probably be in “unusual beliefs”, but this is how I rationalized my voices and experiences. My voices are very faint now thanks to Amyloban 3399 and an alkaline diet, and it’s a struggle to try to engage with them now. Also, the number of synchronicities I’m experiencing has dropped off significantly. I imagine in a few weeks they’ll be 100% quiet."
175875024,Not much. …
175875025,"Welcome to the forum. I suggest you stay for a while and talk some of your issues through here. In the past when going through similar experiences like you’re right now, I have found it useful to speak to people who know what it feels like. Getting stable on meds is literally the only option on the table, and perhaps therapy if you live somewhere decent for healthcare. Please tell someone you trust or a doctor about your experiences, as I would hope a treatment could be found that may reduce your symptoms and suffering"
175875026,Good luck with the med change. I’m sorry you’re struggling
175875027,It’s great to hear that you’re coming out of it. Really gives me hope for my situation. Thanks for the link to the thread. Very informative. I was also struggling with headaches and head pressure. It is somewhat subsiding. Hopefully I can diminish it altogether in time.
175875028,You did bad and you should feel bad.
175875029,Seeing my therapist later
175875030,"Well, ask your pdoc directly then as to what they think your diagnosis is and why."
175875031,What is the reasoning behind lowering your dose _AT_MENTION_ ?
174323493,"Abilify made me use/addicted to marijuana which made me psychotic on Abilify. Change your psychiatrist if he’s not listening to you. Show him this: “FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA warns about new impulse-control problems associated with mental health drug aripiprazole (Abilify, Abilify Maintena, Aristada)” “The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is warning that compulsive or uncontrollable urges to gamble, binge eat, shop, and have sex have been reported with the use of the antipsychotic drug aripiprazole (Abilify, Abilify Maintena, Aristada, and generics). These uncontrollable urges were reported to have stopped when the medicine was discontinued or the dose was reduced. These impulse-control problems are rare, but they may result in harm to the patient and others if not recognized.” https://www.fda.gov/drugs/drug-safety-and-availability/fda-drug-safety-communication-fda-warns-about-new-impulse-control-problems-associated-mental-health#:~:text=The%20U.S.%20Food%20and%20Drug,%2C%
20Aristada%2C%20and%20generics)."
175875032,"I think the only time its an issue taking a dose is if you’re not sure if you’ve taken one or not. Do not take one if you do not remember having taken one or not. As for if you take two doses call poison control. As for having missed a dose, I don’t know what the recommendation is. You should probably be contacting an emergency line of communications to a hospital’s psychiatrist My hospital always says “if this is an emergency call 911” My recommendation is to call the non emergency line for your local police station, have them and ask for what to do to get into contact with an the correct people’s number."
175875033,It’s better to force yourself to wake-up early then to force yourself to skip sleeping altogether. You are going to be even more out of rythm.
175875034,"That I was good to other people, even behind their back"
175875035,"Because your own perspective is entrenched in your own conditioning. It doesn't make it more relevant, but without it you have no mechanism to step outside yourself and be objective. It's often psychologically painful to consider a point of view that's not comfortable for you, but that makes it more important to do so."
175875036,When you get older you got much more experience. Your fears won’t be the same.
174323495,This is a site for the recovery of those who’ve been through psychosis. Encouraging delusions isn’t appropriate nor something that is healthy. What you are saying isn’t unusual. Most folk will recognize the schizophrenia and it’s symptoms.
175875037,OK that’s not as bad as I thought. If it’s a loan _PERSON_
175875038,Very talented! 1554
175875039,"_PERSON_, thank you so much for your response! The continuous thought about something so basic that you now believe to have changed obviously has me extremely anxious. The article you linked was very helpful, and described the situation very well. I pray you find the strength to shake your obsession and find peace."
175875040,"I accept the diagnosis. However I am not convinced I need to be taking these pills full time to ‘prevent’ a relapse in my symptoms. It’s a big ask to take all this medicine ‘just in case’. Also I am yet to have a scan on my brain, and a specialist show me my grey matter is less, or any other tangible evidence other than me acting like a psycho, which is not surprising given what I have experienced in life."
175875041,"Dear _AT_MENTION_, First of all, thank you very much for taking the time to share all that you did. I also can relate to a lot of things you describe, including how my mind can feel the physicality of the voices. You use terms like sculpting that I can relate to. I think because I have a lot of art in my genes. I hope you keep sharing so we will feel encouraged to have dialogues. We have a number of threads concerning voices throughout the PC forums, a lot of them appearing neglected."
175875042,yea i don’t think that is the true cause of sz…
175875043,"So I used my new pizza stone yesterday, the pizza came out great, nice and crispy. Realized I never used those new nail polishes I bought awhile back, maybe I'll paint my nails this week. Or tonight. I'm making a list of cosmetics to get so I can start learning how to do my makeup properly."
175875044,I’ve seen a ghost before. He was floating over a river. It didn’t scare me.
175875045,"Yes, I have bladder pain and stomach aches"
175875046,"Had a big mac, fries, and a Coke for dinner"
174323500,My diagnosis switches from bipolar to schizoaffective and back again. It’s all the same.
174323499,"Clonazepam improves AP induced supersensitivity psychosis. PubMed Central (PMC) Clonazepam improves dopamine supersensitivity in a schizophrenia patient: a... Dopamine supersensitivity is an important consideration for assessing treatment-resistant schizophrenia. The emergence of dopamine supersensitivity might be related to upregulation of dopamine D2 receptor, which engenders tolerance to antipsychotics,... I wonder if L Theanine does too."
175875047,Been better but okay
175875048,Just drink some water. You’re probably dehydrated or something.
174323504,"as for grandiose… I keep believing this girl I saw myself marry in a vision - 1 month before I started hearing voices is from a bible verse of revelations 21 about the new jerusalem, and because of her, when I overcome the schizophrenia I’ll be some ruler under god in the future and through god I’ll change the future of destruction my country is going to"
175875049,Screenshot_2021-02-08-15-50-571080×2160 260 KB Screenshot_2021-02-08-15-51-391080×2160 330 KB
175875050,"Ireland had a Turbeculosis epidemic in the forty’s and fifty’s. Many peoples loved ones went into hospital and never came back. My grandmother was one of them. My dad was only a youngling when she died, he went to visit her before she died and could only look at her through a glass window from a distance, they weren’t aloud in. History is kind of repeating itself. I hope I don’t end up in the same situation with my mother and sister, I’m seriously worrried history is repeating itself"
175875051,Did half an hour of yoga
175875052,That really sucks. I’m sorry for your loss. Definitely can’t blame yourself can only work to get better. Your friend wouldn’t want you to blame yourself. I guarantee you that.
175875053,Thanks! I haven’t seen you in a while. ??? ?? ?????!! Stay warm!
175875054,"I’m just curious and would like to ask forum users, what is your health state 10 to 15 years after diagnosis? If I don’t relapse, which I don’t really expect to do anymore (because I’m good with stress in the sense that I can largely control things, except for unexpected emotional situations like death of a loved one) Can I force myself taking on a challenge like a career change? What challenges did you overcome Is basically what I am asking and what challenges have you seen sz affected persons overcome after a ten year milestone"
175875055,"What kind of drums have you been learning at the moment? I cant play drums to save my life, but I play other things"
175875056,"I’ve felt that before, mine gets heavy, like my body is lead, obsessive thoughts of death, hopeless. Antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and cbt therapy have been a boon for me. Helped me a lot with my depression."
175875057,"its only a rejection if she says no, sounds like she left the door open on this"
175875058,"To become more efficient in daily operations and reduce the confusion from voices, accept that you are ill and act accordingly. You don’t have to believe inside your own mind. It is pretty much impossible to convince a schizophreniac in their delusions being false. Therefore just act as if you understand: do not dwell on or elaborate the delusions, understand that your indecisiveness or reluctance to do something has no basis, accept parental/therapist guidance, instead of trying to convince them in anything. Not very scientific but this attitude helped me to maintain stability for months, no meds. If you take meds on top of that you should get better."
174323501,Tmg how many days took now. What effect noticing so far?
175875059,"Got prescribed Clozapine and picked it up and took it last night and the night before. Lots of blood draws! Also my sister is in the area and we get along really well, so that’s been fun."
175875060,All these addictions stopped after 2 weeks of stopping Abilify.
175875061,It could just be aging. Keep pushing yourself mentally.
175875062,"If you feel a compulsion to read every thread and every post and to do this everyday, it’s possible you could be experiencing symptoms of OCD."
175875063,He doesn’t sound stable.
174323506,"I hear what you are saying as it is the same situation between myself, my sister and our mum. It is infuriating when information is shared that you would have liked kept quiet. Remember, your mum is not getting any younger and her self-pitying ways may be due to, or exaggerated by her age. I also wouldn’t be without my only sibling in spite of our disagreements and arguments. She is the only person that has stuck by me throughout this whole schizophrenia journey. The forum may be here for you today, but will they be here next week? It takes one wrong word or something taken out of context to provoke a gang mentality and for a person to be ousted. I believe I have read where your brother has helped you out financially in the past? What if you run into financial difficulty again - the forum can’t help you? Have a short break from your family, vent here for as long as the forum members allow it and to your Mental Health Nurse. Life really is too short."
175875064,So it’s possible to lower 3mg to risperidone to 2mg of I lose like quarter of my weight? Or the dose is still suitable to lower mass?
175875065,Are you lonely? A big part of leaving a religion is leaving the community it’s brings. Maybe finding a hobby where you can talk to others? That’s the only reason I still use Facebook. To talk to internet friend so I’m not as lonely.
175875066,What is cis? 151
175875067,"I feel better mentally if I go on walks or use my exercise bike. I find if I exercise more for the mental benefits, I don’t get so sidetracked and pressured about losing weight. How about you? Do you exercise? And if you do, do you do it more for the mental or physical benefits?"
175875068,"Glad you’re happy with your pdoc! Right?? I don’t know how she could say that either, such a jerk. Way to make me feel more like crap lol. I’m glad I stopped seeing her."
175875069,"I’m sorry to hear that. I asked for other pdoc opinion once, i regreted it. I think my present pdoc is very competent. Do you really have problems trusting her? Try another pdoc opinion, maybe"
175875070,I'm sorry FR. I hope you feel better soon.
174323512,"Whenever I have a beer I feel relief from the negative symptoms from the AP, which basically is physical discomfort in my head. I actually gave up drinking regular beers. I just have some low alcohol ones as a therapeutic agent. I know hops calms down the nervous system, but I tried taking hops as a supplement on their own, and that doesen’t do the job. I also feel that beer that are pure non-alcoholic doesen’t quite do it for me either. So I did some research, and the only thing I can think of is the brewers yeast. I don’t think they use yeast in non-alcoholic beers, or do they? Isn’t the yeast to start the fermentation process that gives the beverage alcohol? Anyways I am going to try brewers yeast on it’s own and see if it does anything for me."
175875071,I don’t take benzos anymore because I was overusing. Zoloft has done wonders as far as anxiety and depression.
175875072,"Thanks, _NAME_!"
175875073,I had to do this for my heartburn also. But for me it’s more like no eating after 7 pm.
175875074,"what is role of autoimmunity in relation to the sz incident ? 1-in the moment of first appearance of psychotic factor within time-place of the human psychological self 2- when the psychotic factor exercises its disruptive functional activities with any current mental process it is supposed that the immune system prevent both of the first penetration process and / the pathway of functional interference (such as the vocal thoughts) But we see that,the level of these processes are more intelligent and higher rated than the simplistic perceptions proposed by the traditional theoretical models Therefore,to the degree that the research data contain credibility about sz,to the degree that the final results will be obtained Sz is not classical medical condition in the first place,we do not occupy our interest with a fictional novel that tells about similarities between sz and any medical condition ,because the real similarity between sz and any other condition must be materialized in the corresponding of t
he internal logical who is leads the phenomena,processes and events that occur in the basic nature,that is without obligation to rely on the similarity of any diagnosed symptoms ,because the symptoms of sz until now remains a personal impressions for the observer ( it just an eye views) so that,using the symptoms as a basic data for the research,it means that you say whatever you want without account for sake make up a similarity between something you know (medical condition) and other something that you do not know (SZ ), it is a fabrication for the similarities between the different (s) you are reducing everything related the sz in 2 words "" alteration behavior "" !!"
175875075,"My brother-in-law is Egyptian, but is nonreligious. I don’t want to use the term because of forum rules."
175875076,Psychosis: Some of it is on me!
175875077,"Gabapentin also increased my sex drive, with way fewer serious side effects. It did make me gain like 50 lbs but I’m fine with it."
175875078,thank you very much
175875079,"I think i am quite doped after the take of my Zyprexa in the evening… But i know its my med. Maybe one day, i’ll start to take it right before my sleep, but now i take it in 6 pm for the placebo effect too… After it kicks, i kinda of float in my head and its not so pleasant… Its even a bit paranoid… But whatever… I went out today to the pharmacy, i feel a bit less anxious in my head i find which is new for me yeah, i need lots of time still to recover, quite many efforts and just stick with this med, no matter its side effects are rough… Take care all!"
175875080,I’ve been told I sound like _NAME_ when I talk.
175875081,beans and rice - very nutritious and cheap. Why aren’t your parents getting paid? Is their company closing down. That is scary.
175875082,Yes.... Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175875083,"It could have been a night time hallucination, hallucinating just after waking up or falling asleep. Hypnagogic or hypnopompic hallucinations."
175875084,Thanks for your help _AT_MENTION_
175875085,"I’m happy if I take 2 showers a week. In April I had gone 5 weeks without showering, so twice a week is a good improvement. I’ve also been brushing my teeth regularly and am proud of myself for that. And I’m actually changing clothes when I shower, too, which is another change for me."
175875086,Thanks wasting asparagus....I really appreciate it. Just trying to flip into the right mindset.
175875087,I had some tuna casserole for breakfast.
175875088,"Not only trends are needed to succeed, if you know the trend it means you already late to it. I’m pretty sure if I started streaming some gameplay I would be stuck with like 5 viewers max and video editing these days ain’t easy and having high quality and expensive microphone is the key"
175875089,"Editing is fun, if I didn’t correct myself, somebody would have to and that would take out all the fun out of it and … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … (Medicine Break) All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work 
and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy … All Work and No Play, Makes _NAME_ A _PERSON_ Boy …"
174323510,"I see - negative symptoms are the ones bothering me right now. There isnt any medication or anything that could help with them, is there?"
175875090,Those are amazing! WOW!!! You’re so talented!!!
175875091,"Thanks!, I have nothing to loose by trying _PERSON_. My psychiatrist apt is 6 May over the phone. I hope that he accepts the med switch."
175875092,"Beautiful tree pics _AT_MENTION_ psychotic The leaves haven't started turning colors here yet because it has been too warm. Usually what happens is that we snap cold, the wind blows, and you wake up one day and all the leaves are off of the trees. I miss our big tree in the backyard. My Dad had to cut it down because it's roots were pushing up on the sidewalk. We still have two trees in the back but they aren't as big and I can't really see them out the windows or anything. Of course, _NAME_, my little kitty, can climb them and then get on the roof of my Dad's workshop. That's fun (sarcasm). I always worry she's going to fall off but so far she's been fine. My Dad cut some of the branches back so it is harder for her to get on the roof."
175875093,I’ve never heard of that. I’ll check it out
175875094,"Nope. Checked that. My kids don’t hear it, so I know it’s just me. (Or a massive plot to gaslight me…but that seems unlikely)"
175875095,"Good morning from the east coast of the USA! I had to have 3 cups extremely strong coffee to wake up. I almost fell back to sleep at one point sitting up and a voice helped out. The voices aren’t all bad, forgive and forget, take the good with the bad. My sleep aid made me sleep 8 hours! Social media is a new term for me. I am not using anything but YouTube, this, and Facebook. I’m saving the others for later. Have a good day!"
174323514,"not abuse really, for me it was neglect…"
175875096,"_AT_MENTION_, To maintain motivation, try counting calories on Myfitnesspal.com It really helps me. Also, find a fun exercise you can do everyday. And it’s got to be fun and enjoyable to you. Otherwise you won’t do it I guarantee it. Also, don’t drink alcohol. All alcohol calories, that aren’t burned, turn directly into fat immediately."
175875097,I crack up laughing at things said on this forum - this place really makes my day. I have to remember that this is a recovery forum and some are still in a very bad place. I am just so happy with my advance in recovery and feel I am not being considerate of other people’s feelings. Not everyone feels like laughing all the time.
175875098,My story is that I can remember being paranoid as far back as age 6. But I wasn’t really aware of being full blown psychotic until age 23 on my first day of nursing school. I hid my symptoms and wasn’t diagnosed until I was 33 when I lost my RN license. I was very suicidal and psychotic and it was then that I was diagnosed with sza. I’ve been on SSD ever since. I’m 60 now.
175875099,You’re absolutely mentally ill and the only reason you’re doing as well as you are at the moment is because you’re mandated to get an injection every month.
175875100,"I was lonely and unnoticed and had about four friends. High school was not fun, I had my moments but I didn’t get to have a girlfriend. Hell, I couldn’t even talk to girls, I guess I can’t blame it on them."
175875101,"These are things a child can’t give to himself, but an adult can."
175875102,"Its not going to easy road though, man okay. I hope i can do this."
175875103,"I think because it seems you have been on them for some time, going slow is the only way forward. My pdoc last time I tried to come off said I should only reduce by 10% every 4-6 weeks!"
175875104,"Im sorry leaf…that sounds horrible. Sending you hugs and all the warm and supporting thoughts i can think of. This must be so heartbreaking, and make you feel torn, because she is your child. Please take good care of yourself first. Is there, besides your ex, someone to reach out to in real life?"
175875105,You are probably taking the AP for mood stabilization. You have not been psychotic in 9 years. Maybe you are bipolar. Only your doctor would know for sure. Trust them _AT_MENTION_ .
174323516,"Some people start hallucinating when in flotation tanks. You are more likely to than other people, given your diagnosis."
175875106,"I did a lot of isolating and staying inside. Then I started attending a day program and I mostly sat apart from everybody and didn’t talk to anyone. But a few months ago I began to make myself start to learn people’s names and participate in discussions. It wasn’t easy and most of the time I was having an internal dialogue that dealt with wondering why these people were pretending to like me and if they had an agenda when talking to me. I hate myself so much most of the time that I found it hard to believe that other people could be genuinely interested in what I had to say. Now, after all that effort, I’ve got the beginnings of true friends and on days when I can’t attend I feel really lonely. I sit at the “popular” (high functioning) table now and have begun letting go of some of the paranoia. It’s been hard work but I’m really glad I did it. Take the first step that you’re able to and definitely do go outside. You can do it!"
174323518,"I cannot explain how much I hate what Olanzapine did to my body. Ever since my body has been overweight, no matter how hard I fight, I will never be able to recover my original weight before that drug. Stopped it 5 years ago now…"
175875107,"My fiance and I have been together for 3 1/2 years now and have been engaged for 7 months. We are getting married this November. I love him with every fiber of my being and know that I will be with him for the rest of my life, but I cannot lie, sometimes things between us can be difficult. He has trouble with anxiety and I do my best to support him and make him feel loved and nurtured. I don't feel burdened by this role, but sometimes I feel like its a full time job that I've taken on and have to always be careful what I say or do. I'm the type of person to put others' feelings ahead of my own almost all of the time, but, and maybe it's selfish to say this, I thought my relationship would be different. I wish that just once I could make my own feelings a priority but I'm scared that the second I give myself that freedom his anxiety will go wild. His family and friends have never really tried to understand him or his struggle with his illness. I know that I'm the only one in his life that he has com
plete trust in, but that means that if I slip even once I can do irreperable damage as well, and also makes me feel like I'm always monitoring everything I say and do. Is it wrong to want to not always feel like I have to be the strong one? Is it wrong to wish that I could be upset about something without having to first analyze how it's going to make someone else feel? Is it selfish? Is it inconsiderate? Should I feel terrible for wishing I didn't have to take care of him all the time and that every once in a while feel like I was a priority? Sometimes when I think these things I'm filled with intense guilt, but aren't these also things that everybody feels at some point? Why should I feel guilty for something normal? I want to be there for him and I do my part to research the illness and find strategies to helping him cope with it of my own free will and inclination...but I read these articles and every one talks about everything that they need with no regard to just how hard it is for the significant other
. Sometimes I feel like I've had to give up a part of myself in this relationship and I get frustrated because I don't want to feel resentment towards the person that I love. I would love to talk with others who are in my situation, people who have resigned themselves to this life where you can never put your feelings first out of love for another. I'd love to hear your stories and insight as to how you cope with the struggle without it leading to resentment. I'd love to hear from people who have long and successful relationships despite these hardships. Please help me feel like I'm not alone."
175875108,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ , that was easier than I thought!"
175875109,Hey is this post still active????? I have the same issues 12345
175875110,"Yeah, no one at work bothered me all day."
175875111,"Good luck with everything. I think it’s pretty nice that you told him that you want to leave, that is big step."
175875112,Possible trigger: My therapist wonders if I may also have OCD in addition to sza. . I've been worried about all the possible ways I could die and afraid to eat because I think I'll choke and die. It's like a constant obsession going through my head
175875113,image1080×1080 275 KB
175875114,"Ok, I feel bad again to experience such emotions, but I didn’t have a proper treatment from my parents for real I think… take away my rights? Yeah…"
175875115,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ I don’t think you need someone to be complete but if you want someone you won’t stay single long.
175875116,Very good! I like it.
175875117,a cockatoo! his name is petrie petrie1960×4032 1.73 MB
175875118,my mom was about 19 in the 90s
175875119,"I would feel better if i didnt have people onb my back all the time its worse than my mother, we got a little snow here too"
175875120,Whatever is good enough to talk about and is pleasant enough for the both of you. Doesnt really matter what it is. Could be the color of the pigeon’s shiz outside.
175875121,Yes No 0 voters
175875122,"I don’t find it triggering, its hard in the evening though, gets to hot in my house, but rather have that then snow"
175875123,I’m not sure I would want it to disappear if it’s kinky
175875124,"_NAME_ freaked when I told him I wanted a Cuban intelligence agent, but he gave me a hug at _PERSON_’s leaving do. He never answer’s my texts anymore. Just told his best friend to get a life. He said he kept getting approached by lady’s asking him out, he sounded mythed. Good NHS beaurocrat though and we used to play Doctor Who back in primary school while all the girls were playing fairies. I must have been five. My teacher quit. Ms _PERSON_. Bit sad to have lost a friend. What really was the last straw for me with _NAME_ was him telling me that my girlfriend was “no good for me”. I hope he and _PERSON_ are still working for the Caribbean besides his little folk project. Love ya infaitah."
175875125,My Appetite is through the roof right now no new stresser’s other than eating everything that isn’t nailed down and rapidly gaining weight within a week I have gained 6 pounds so far not happy at all about this. Been frustrated and discouraged don’t know what’s happening or going on when I had been maintaining my current weight. Of course I can only speculate that maybe its perimenopausal I am close to that age when a woman goes through menopause and you do gain weight rapidly with that change. Or I could be gaining water retention my stomach feels Bloated and swollen more than me just being fat I also been having all kinds of pain in my back legs arms sometimes and side. I go to the doctor next Monday the 10th of May hopefully he can shed some light on what’s going wrong and at the end of May I go for a urine sample it was abnormal last month and some blood work to find out what’s causing this pain I am having too. And when I go the 10th I will discuss the rapid weight gain and bloated 
feeling I feel.
175875126,"my nephew is turning 5 or 6, can’t remember which. It’s gonna be at this place that mostly does bouncyhouses and stuff. I’m worried I may be symptomatic, but hopefully I have a good time."
175875127,I get called a crazy ????? sometimes. Meh
175875128,"I find that I am able to do more work of higher quality since my role was switched to work-from-home. What I didn’t expect was that I would miss people. Not a lot, but enough. I’m not as solitary a creature as I imagined myself to be. Overall, I highly recommend working from home. Classy as usual. Also, anyone who works in spite of this illness is an inspiration, not just those with white collar jobs. _AT_MENTION_ is a superhero to me."
175875129,If you have bad acid reflux take the omeprazole first thing in the morning like thirty minutes before eating......
174323520,"No,it gave me terror in sleep and hallucinations all day!My doctor at that time just raised my dose and it didn’t help.So I went to another clinic and they change it to Risperdal."
174323528,I can’t watch Dr House anymore since stopping Abilify or since having sz. Can’t see blood now and I was dissecting human corpses before sz…I surely can’t do that anymore now with my sz.
175875130,Yes. I maybe need to get out of the apartment.
175875131,"This cbd thing is getting me excited cant wait to get my hand on this stuff, if it helps with my anxiety and paranoia that would be awesome."
174323533,"kfyrtv.com Bismarck State College students participate in schizophrenia simulation Nursing students at Bismarck State College switched roles Wednesday, acting as a patients instead of a nurses."
175875132,Yeah animal husbandry is hard work man. Much respect
175875133,I would like my tagline to say Be and not seem _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Cat-COVID-19-Mask2000×1333 192 KB maxresdefault (1)1280×720 62.1 KB file-20180206-14104-1hyhea91356×668 108 KB
175875134,I don’t hallucinate but I never have. (Or hear voices). I’m stable. It’s possible a med change would do the trick for you.
174323524,I think it was a high dose. Cant tell you exactly though. I was on it a long time ago.
175875135,I am really excited to take rtms therapy…?? for now buget is the main problem…
175875136,"I am part of a website that checks your liability insurance, and lets people rate you and leave reviews after you work for them. It’s been going in the UK since 1998 on the internet"
175875137,Sounds a bit like you were/ are panicking
175875138,I used to follow WW menu recipe books but never joined…I lost weight but found it expensive…good luck.
175875139,"wt i mean is that if the theory is correct, it is because of “chemical imbalance” , over time it should be going to normal bit by bit but in my case , it doesn’t , it has been half year"
175875140,Not a private chat anymore whoops
175875141,"I’m on SSI, not SSDI. I think the rules are different. You paid into SS by working. I did not."
175875142,play a scratch card
175875143,I feel like I could just have PTSD but then again why don’t I have motivation? Why can I not work or go to school? Are ‘they’ helping me or are ‘they’ hurting me? I really don’t know who ‘they’ are but I can tell you something DID happen to me back in 2011 at college because in 2015 I got a visitation from some UFOs that reminded me of this. They triggered memories. It’s like amnesia barrier or some ????. I had suffered so much from dissociation that it was worse than hell…
175875144,I met my nurse at her office in town! I got two buses to get there. Treated myself to a large mocha to celebrate
175875145,"Hello pauloson, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about in-home therapists. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Mental Health America search: in-home therapist Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Someone Else Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! TeamInspire"
175875146,I committed cognitive suicide when I messed up in the past with drugs. But now my cognitive skills are restored a great deal. Probably never be what it was but I’ve made a great cognitive recovery for sure.
175875147,It’s unfortunate but there’s very good reasons why it’s not allowed here. Creates too much drama and degenerates rather quickly.
174323534,"Environmental stress manifests as oxidative stress, and it can break down the blood-brain barrier if it happens long enough, causing mental illness."
175875148,He’s not wrong. Tort law is a strange thing to be sure.
175875149,Was amazing - exactly what I wanted
175875150,"I have sza. I didn’t just cut. I have severe depressive and manic episodes, hallucinations, paranoia, and delusions."
175875151,I wish they had tried harder to treat me without antipsychotics. I’m a physical wreck because of ap’s
175875152,My wish would be that I had enough money to live comfortably and so that I didn’t have to work.
175875153,So I think it’s official. I’ve experienced a cognitive decline. It happened quite abruptly. It’s been like this for over a week now so it can’t just be a bad patch.
175875154,Its so convenient. The bad guys go to hell and the good to heaven. Just curious how do we know the good from the bad as god don’t talk to us.
175875155,"I grew up with undiagnosed Autism. Pretty bitter about it, as I only got diagnosed at 32, which was a year ago. It makes the fact that no one once when I was growing up thought there might be a reason I used to get into so much trouble at school I was just moved from school to school and nothing was done to try and understand why I couldn’t get on with it like other people. On top of that was the amount of bullying, as a lot of the kids had grown up together and went to the same schools, and I was just an imposter."
175875156,It’s alright. I hope you’re feeling better tonight.
175875157,No I understand! Mine is public speaking
175875158,"Meowijuana - A Catnip Company Meowijuana,, it is what you think it is... lmao"
175875159,"I don’t get the fuss. If someone has a history of psychotic spells, or takes sedating medicines, they could be a liabity on the road, and they should be given an ok from a doctor before driving."
175875160,I am just afraid I will get shot today because they think I will. I want to go out with someone like my pdoc. I don’t know if I will make it. They probably refer me as the girl that is going to die soon that is why they think I should. I hope I won’t die soon.
175875161,Glad you are feeling better
175875162,not going anywhere so no
175875163,I’ve been on 10 mgs for 25 years. I worked out for the first 10 years I was on it. I went from 140 lbs to 190 I was solid mussel. Since I quit working out I gained 10 lbs up to 200. When I started taking Valium I gained another 20 lbs. Together the valium and zyprexa caused more weight gain then just the zyprexa alone. I’m not worried about it the extra weight fits my frame. I’m sure sitting on my ass all day doesn’t help. I’d start working out again but my joints are getting sore.
175875164,"I’m doing a lot better than before. The only medication that worked well for me is geodon. I’m taking 20 mg in the morning, 80 mg in the evening with 150 mg of Wellbutrin. I feel fine, I only wish I can stop the intrusive thoughts. They have decreased a whole lot but I still have them."
174323531,no doubt voices in brain occupy some of brain affect intelligence of course
175875165,Would probably be easier to just call your doctor and ask if they’re willing to order you land so you have results for an upcoming appointment to discuss them. Then make an appointment to discuss supplements you can safely take.
175875166,I have an appointment monday and im not liking the risperdal blankness and concentration issues so was thinking of giving zyprexa another shot.
175875167,Can I borrow your metabolism for about a month? I swear I’ll return it good as new.
175875168,"It's going to be a long day. 4 hours was not enough sleep , I'm exhausted"
175875169,"I don't have personal experience with EMDR...but have heard good things from those who have gone through the method. The only thing is that it seems to be just temporary relief for some. However, revisiting the therapy with some booster sessions, or being able to take some of the tools you learned and continuing on with it as a self help as much as is possible are both ways to perhaps prolong the benefits. I would say trust your therapist (EMDR *is* known for help and healing of trauma) and do your best to be open to trying it. Wishing you courage and progress! Let us know how you are doing when you can. S.C."
175875170,No you don’t. Why does something have to be wrong with you because people are jerks?
175875171,_PERSON_ - Going Through Changes
175875172,"We try to limit going out to eat to only 2-3 times a month. And it’s pretty much always fast food because we’re poor. lol I shop at the farm stand across the street most of the year (they’re not open Feb-June) and also shop at a few discount grocery stores. Don’t get much socializing, but get some. I think I must have that look about me because a lot of people ask me questions about how to select produce. It’s kind of funny. It happens pretty reliably every single week. I guess I just spend a lot of time in the produce section. haha But I cook pretty much all our meals. I don’t like all the preservatives and chemicals that are in a lot of packaged and frozen foods, so I try to cook as much as I can manage. My partner and Little LED still like frozen chicken nuggets sometimes, though. And every once in awhile they’ll get a frozen pizza."
174323542,There is a large trial underway in Europe for fish oil in ultra high risk for psychosis subjects. It is supposed to finish in 2022. clinicaltrials.gov Placebo-controlled Trial in Subjects at Ultra-high Risk for Psychosis With... Placebo-controlled Trial in Subjects at Ultra-high Risk for Psychosis With Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Europe - Full Text View.
175875173,Do you see a psychologist?
175875174,"Congratulations on the recovery you’ve accomplished. You make it sound like you were like me, using whatever and whenever you could. That’s recovery in my eyes, changing that part of your life. You worked hard, and have stayed off everything else, that shouldn’t be downplayed. It should be admired. Respected. Celebrated. Cheers Mr. _PERSON_! You should be proud of your recovery, I’m proud of you. Keep up the good work!"
175875175,Like 4 days…
175875176,Hmm. . . What Is Thus?.
175875177,"Sorry, yea I wanna keep the work private, but thanks for asking."
175875178,"I was disappointed in my pdoc in the hospital who said he didn’t understand what my problem was because I’m intelligent. He didn’t understand that my mind does not work right even though I can talk philosophy and psychology. I cannot hold a job but I can tell you the definition of Reason, even at my most psychotic state. And I have times I forget the legal definition of sanity, which is to know right from wrong. Lately I can get into a psychotic state of extreme guilt. I could go on and on and on about this subject, I’m just frustrated because I can’t get help because I can speak well. Some people who are out of their minds can read well too."
175875179,"en.m.wikipedia.org Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 or _NAME_ (42 U.S.C. § 12101) is a civil rights law that prohibits discrimination based on disability. It affords similar protections against discrimination to Americans with disabilities as the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which made discrimination based on race, religion, sex, national origin, and other characteristics illegal. In addition, unlike the Civil Rights Act, the _NAME_ also requires covered employers to provide reasonable accommodations to emplo"
175875180,"Thank you for your reply Scaredy Cat! I agree that even though the antibiotics are out of my system since a lng time ago, its weird that I am having these symptoms. No matter how much I try, I just cannot fall asleep. I used to be able to sleep anytime anywhere before the antibiotics. The doctor was also very puzzled and he gave me trazodone, but doesnt really seem to be helping. I started taking kefir recently, so I am hoping that it will help. I also am having extreme fatigue and dizziness after the bactrim. I heard of one more case where someone took bactrim and had insomnia for one year! But it went away after that. I hope mine does not take that long! I am certainly having anxiety issues. I dont want to take any anxiety meds and try to manage this by CBT and other techniques if I can. Thanks for your help and support!"
175875181,"Yeah, it's scary. I think it's still gonna get worse before it gets better"
175875182,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ . Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Ninjastar Volunteer Moderator"
175875183,I’m at work and I heard a cat meow in the washroom where obviously no cats are around. FML. Just need to survive the day and then I see my doctor.
175875184,Have you been drinking?
175875185,"not good for me, i think it caused an increase in my delusions"
175875186,"Ah you got me beaten _AT_MENTION_ ! I have lost 61.7 Ibs - or 28 kilos… It’s such a good thing that the weight is shed this year. Also hope to continue in 2021, but if I stay weight neutral, I would be happy with that as well, as I have lost weight and put it back on a few times now."
175875187,"So. A Mystery. Unsolvable?. Already Solved?. You?. Her?. Him?. Yes?. No?. The Cycle Of Life & Death?. From Trees To Breath?. An Endless Puzzle, Into Another Endless Puzzle?. Parallel Within Spirals Of Vaulted Locks & Keys?. Where, And Why, If The Shadows Can, Or Cannot Speak?. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175875188,I got diagnosed sz at age 21 but was fighting sz symptoms since 16y.o. Everytime I beat the negative and positive symptoms they came back worse until having full dangerous psychosis at 21y.o. Now I am 30y.o. _AT_MENTION_ Did she leave you permanently like me?
175875189,I feel sick to my stomach. I think it's my acid reflux acting up.
175875190,Thanks - Ill phone up the MH line. Im not that bad - but shes starting to get invasive. If they ok it. ill dose myself up and goto bed. Cheers.
175875191,"Do you feel like you struggle with hugging people as well? This is something I also struggle with because I feel too psychically disgusting… but I also think it might be because I never saw my parents show any signs of intimacy or even hugging. I never hugged my parents. So now I feel this has effected me in this sence too. I do not want it to, but sometimes the thought of sex repulses me."
175875192,Down syndrome is said a lot better than ‘mongaloid’
175875193,Hows the racing & intrusive thoughts going on zoloft?
175875194,"First off, congratulate your brain on its evolutionary adaptations. The human brain is designed to notice negative situations more easily than positive ones, because that is how we learn to avoid doing things that harm us. Sometimes it misfires, and leaves you up all night worrying over that one minor mistake you made. For me, it helps If I talk out the bad thing with a trusted friend, or here on the board. 99% of the time I will get someone saying “yeah I’ve done that too” and then my problem doesn’t feel so major."
175875195,They cant find out with a background check.
175875196,Seems like a depressive element with the anxiety. The thoughts are attributed to the mix....it seems...and yes depression is a common element with anxiety. Sometimes our thoughts go into stinkin' thinkin. Best techniques are distraction...to distract from the panic anxiety and subsequent depression. Music is mine. Keep strong. HT
175875197,"looks around at his lack of friends _PERSON_! I’m nobody! Hermit life! But seriously it’s true, we emulate those we seek comfort in. Didn’t turn out too well for me. As much as I miss them, I can’t go back, just isn’t in the cards for me right now. Good one EH. Always spark spark thought."
175875198,Was not quite expecting the numbers to be that high. I know I would find it hard to make new friends now I am in my 30’s. Mail Online – 21 Sep 19 One in five men have no friends as loneliness epidemic The figures revealed that on average men lead more solitary lives than women but tended not to share their feelings as much because of _USER_ID_ attached.
175875199,I’m so sorry for your loss. i hope your friend does realise - sometimes that sort of relapse is the first of so many people say that they ‘only have one recovery in them’ after trying to quit without a program for so many years - a little taste is no good at all but still there is always an exception. i mean he could be more likely to have just one again
175875200,I’m interested in solutions so its always good to have hope that something might work. Thanks for keeping hope alive
175875201,I have degenerative diseases. You have to push past it. Don’t let it define you. Do your best and stop dwelling on it because it’ll drive you crazy if you don’t.
175875202,I painted yesterday after I got off of work. Acrylic on Canvas. Not sure if I am done with it but my Mom and Dad really liked it.
175875203,"_PERSON_, I have an appointment for tomorrow with a new pdoc. Will see how it goes!"
174323532,I was diagnosed in my 40’s but my first major psychotic episode was when I was 16. It was blamed on medication and the stress of the situation I was in. I was diagnosed bipolar younger. Now I’m diagnosed schizoaffective disorder bipolar type. Before that it was bipolar with psychotic features. I don’t understand what the difference is.
175875204,"Is it shitty to aspire for more accomplishments and stuff if you’re capable of it? Maybe you bore easily. That’s not necessarily a character flaw. It could be, depending on how you frame it."
175875205,"It’s true, The more you look, the less you’ll find"
175875206,https://www.mind.org.uk/about-us/our-policy-work/benefits/where-you-can-find-help/january-2018-pip-change-faqs/
175875207,I got my first shot on 2/13 and I get my second shot on 3/13
175875208,I’m a good worker…when I work. Sadly the meds slow me down too much and around people too long I stress out and get paranoid. Still. I try and still volunteer in a physical environment. Whether it’s the sz or the meds I just don’t get out of first gear. I used to have all this manic energy but that is long gone…
175875209,"modafinil gave me intense sinus congestion, i couldnt handle that side effect"
175875210,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174323549,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov The problem of medicating women like the men: conceptual discussion of menstrual cycle-dependent psychopharmacology. _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Translational and clinical pharmacology, Dec 2019 While hormonal changes during the ovulatory cycles affect multiple body systems, medical management, including medication dosing remains largely uniform between the sexes. Little is known about sex-specific pharmacology in women. Although hormonal fluctuations of the normal menstruating process alters women's physiology and brain biochemistry, medication dosing does not consider such cyclical changes. Using schizophrenia as an example, this paper illustrates how a woman's clinical symptoms can change throughout the ovulatory cycle, leading to fluctuations in medication responses. Effects of sex steroids on the brain, clinical pharmacology are discussed. Effective medication dose may be different at different phases of the menstrual cycle. Further research is needed to better understand 
optimal treatment strategies in reproductive women; we present a potential clinical trial design for examining optimal medication dosing strategies for conditions that have menstruation related clinical fluctuations. https://sci-hub.tw/10.12793/tcp.2019.27.4.127 Full article"
175875211,You’re really very pretty _AT_MENTION_ . Please try to ignore the voice telling you otherwise.
175875212,Welcome to the forum
175875213,Thankyou that does help. Yes I just have huge regrets about some things. That’s the thing I haven’t made peace with those regrets yet.
175875214,we all gona get deminitia.we are not getting out of here alive.
175875215,"You are a good person _AT_MENTION_ and that makes a big difference You should be awarded with the title or badge"" Original content ""for your threads"
175875216,"I do believe there is an afterlife (it’s just one of my delusions). My friend says that’s the reason she puts so much effort on relationships - because they’re all she can take with her when she dies. Another person says he wants to live good during this lifetime. I become more spiritual when I think about my cousin or even my parents growing old or ready to pass away. I think what I want to get out of this life is knowledge. Not just book knowledge but knowledge about people, how to deal with grief and other life stepping stones, etc. I somehow feel that working (especially as a tutor), going to support group, talking to people, reading, experiencing life’s different stages, and looking at art will help me gain insight. When I die, I’d like to reunite with my loved ones. But before then, I hope to have a role in life."
175875217,"I will go with the safest option, add 5mg Abilify to 3mg Risperdal. I hope the pdr accepts because he didn’t want to prescribe Abilify and anything related after I told him my Abilify side effects."
175875218,I talked the community workers ear off for 90 minutes straight while on the hike. It helped. I feel better when talking to people. Much better.
175875219,Hello Past 5 years I'm suffering from anxiety and try different types of medication. One day I'm searching in google about anxiety and I seen article abut gabapentin https://themycare.com/gabapentin-for-anxiety/ in this article complete knowledge about gabapentin after read this. Next day I call my doctor and tell her gabapentin medication he can also suggest me to take the medicine and. Now I'm feeling better than past..
174323552,"Thanks for your respond! Oh, I didn’t know that high prolactin levels can cause headaches. Maybe that’s why I have headaches sometimes!"
174323547,"My takeaway from the article is that there are many ways that can result in psychosis, so schizophrenia should not be thought of as one disorder. Thus using a “one size fits all” approach to treating schizophrenia is not the most effective way to go. The article says that a person can have schizophrenia without genetic abnormalities: Just because dopamine levels rise doesn’t necessarily mean it’s caused by biology. For example, childhood trauma can result in increased levels of dopamine, so treating such a person with an antipsychotic may not help, or even be harmful, and when the person doesn’t get better it would be incorrect to conclude that the person is med-resistant. I agree with the article in that each person with schizophrenia should have a treatment plan that is unique to them."
174323541,some… I guess. I’m not up on what the whole list of negative symptoms are… I do a lot of praying… I have recently been asking a lot of people to pray for me… I am very spiritually minded but I know the disease is brain based… but I need to hang onto faith and hope to get through this… I believe our minds are much more than our brains… in fact I have some experiences to confirm this.
175875220,I think you might be at the wrong forum. This is for those who are diagnosed. There is a family forum that you can visit.
175875221,i hope it works!
175875222,I made fish tacos. The tortillas take a while to make but they’re so worth it. I’m happy.
175875223,"Yeah I’m sure if I’m relaxed I won’t get the coronavirus, tell that to 366 dead people"
175875224,"I dont like to take them, i got suicidal on them a few times. They basically have to coerce me into taking them. Other sorts of treatment are better in my case."
175875225,"Hmm. I Honestly Don’t Understand Why Thus Thread Asks About My Day And I Actually Feel Like Answering. Not A Big Deal Really. I Usually Don’t Trust Human Behavior. But!, I Am Human…, I Think. Unless The Entire Population Are Aliens In Cloaks Hiding Their True Form. And I’m The Alien. Abducted One Night Many Years Ago As I Was Sleeping Peacefully On Earth. And The Only Humans I Talk To Are On Here. Schizophrenics Are All On The Same Alien Planet. But!, We Rarely See Each Other. Jus Test Specimens For Odd Aliens. What Was The Question (???). Hope, True Love, Joy, And Eternal Peace!. P.s. The Language That Aliens Speak Can Be Found On YouTube. ‘The Orbital Compass’. . . . . . ."
175875226,Cool cool. During my last pbreak I felt I tapped into the collective consciousness. Kind of messed me up
175875227,"I am so sorry, SP, but that is much better than a CVA. My MIL is dying of uterine ca. I feel w you. Love."
175875228,I suggest you start tracking your steps _AT_MENTION_. You can easily purchase a step tracker or use your phone. My default steps are 5000 Sometimes I’ll go over that mark and sometimes I’ll go under. The whole idea behind it is to keep moving. You can start off slow.
175875229,Yeah it does suck If my situation gets worse I will go to a psych ward or ER
175875230,I dont see much relevance to my post
175875231,I’m so glad you’re back on track with everything
175875232,How could they help me? Idk how.
175875233,thank you _AT_MENTION_ … always words with good wisdom.
175875234,My goals living here are to Lose 25lbs. Have no more intrusive thoughts Have a stable job or my own business Start drawing and playing the piano Do yoga and water aerobics Find a caring and understanding doctor Buy a new house and furnish it Buy clothing and accessories that I want
175875235,I think you’re right.
175875236,I’m in my late 20s. What do you do to help with your delusions?
175875237,I have friends but with the pandemic haven’t seen them for a long time. Texting and calling is working for now.
175875238,"Ha, i know the feeling"
175875239,Anyway I’m gonna be sent to a group home
175875240,Its to suffer day in day out till the day we die then after that we go to hell to suffer even more
174323553,"_AT_MENTION_, I wouldn’t take clozapine unless you absolutely have to. In other words, if you’ve tried everything else, including quetiapine, and nothing else works. Because clozapine has the potential to cause fatal blood dyscrasias and also fatal constipation on rare occasions."
175875241,Can Talk Therapy Help People Who Are Unable to Experience Joy? - Scientific American Interesting new trial of a type of therapy for this.
175875242,"That is lonelyness talking, i guess. I felt sometime in my life being nonexistent in comparison of the wider universe. But there I found friends in form of voices."
175875243,that sucks =/ 151515
175875244,"It’s okay. We learn more every day. I only recently found out that the term “jipped” in reference to getting the short end of a deal is actually a slur against Romani people. I felt so bad when I found out, because I had thought it was just a word. But it is based on a slur and the harmful stereotype that Romani people are thieves."
174323562,"See this video Interview: Catatonic Schizophrenic. He is not unresponsive, he talks sensibly and still labelled catatonic. So catatonia is not fully freeze up state."
175875245,Why I was flagged? _AT_MENTION_ you know about this?
175875246,Ugh! Those men need to go away!! A good not feeling high or a bad not feeling high?
175875247,Heard about what?
175875248,oh I am so happy for you…nothing like family.
175875249,"no probably should have, but no"
175875250,What are your hobbies?
175875251,"I’m also sza. I also have the fear at times of serial killers getting into my apartment and killing me. And I also hear voices (mumbling), and music inside the central heating and air conditioning systems. I’m not autistic."
175875252,Thank you for the tips on falling asleep! I have been able to fall asleep but I find that I'm very stressed while I'm sleeping still. I wake up regularly and look around for bats in my room. I'll have to try your tips. Thanks!
175875253,https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0920996419303093?via%3Dihub
174323544,Hi. I have been on clozapine for 10 years now. Few years ago I added amisulpride to my meds regimine. Using amisulpride felt great but I had to quit because my prolactin leves were to high (I don’t remember exact values but it was few times above limit). I started research and found out that nothing really helps with high prolactin leves. Abilify doesn’t work for amisulpride elevated levels. The only thing I found out was this: https://area1255.blogspot.com/2015/11/how-to-counter-act-amisulpride-induced.html I have never tried this approach but you can try it and give us a feedback. Best regards and take care.
175875254,And why do you think that?
175875255,"Hey guys, as above, thoughts?"
175875256,YES they do this frequently to send messages to me that only we (myself and the entities) would understand because of what they do to harass me day and night.
175875257,"I am hearing now all the dirty talk. When demons die, _NAME_ gives birth to more demons so that the total sum of her legion will always be 27000 demons."
175875258,"Sometimes marijuana can have additives like PCP or even embalming fluid. That was one reason I got my disease. I could only smoke one joint at a time because it made me so wasted, and I used the stuff for three months. I have not had any pot since I was twenty-five years old and I am fifty one now. I found that it made my schizophrenia much, much, much worse. And even before I was ill and I used it daily it made me stupid as _PERSON_ and _PERSON_."
175875259,_NAME_ I may be able to come when you are in cleveland.
175875260,A thirteen year old should be watching inuyasha not adult anime porn. But okay.
175875261,"Loved that video you posted, it’s really funny lol! thanks for sharing! The hadeda ibis from our country is a good alarm call too. It’s apparently the loudest bird in Africa. It goes ha ha haaaaaaa! images-3554×554 31.8 KB images-5552×555 19.5 KB"
175875262,"I am feeling clouded today. It seems to have started after I made dinner, I was talking on the phone/cooking/preparing ingredients for cooking/listen to music and there was noise. I think I was to stressed and now the stress won’t go away. I am feeling low"
174323545,Same here. 1515
175875263,Once per month I see a therapist
174323554,You have to have had symptoms for six months. Nobody likely had that first. I didn’t get antipsychotics first either. Just Zoloft. That didn’t do crap for me.
175875264,"This is how I felt when I got out of bed today. My head was spinning out of control and I could not focus. The leash on my thoughts just wasn’t cutting it. Too much stimulating material running through it and I found it to be very overwhelming. I try to just shut down, but usually the work commitments I have to other people forces me to get into this jump start routine I try every day of just pumping my body full of nicotine and caffeine to try and get some focus and ‘snap out of it’. Doesn’t always seem to work unfortunately."
175875265,I’m so glad that you had the insight to go to the ER. I hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175875266,"You have obvious insight to know they are voices - so tell them to bugger off, you should know by now - the more attention you pay them - the more intrusive they willl probably get. Chill out."
175875267,Friendships take a while to develop. I have trouble because people change their identities here.
175875268,5:45 am and no sleep... Looks like it's going to be a long day for me...
175875269,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175875270,"Mesaha is the spiritual abode of Zarathustra, _NAME_, Buddha, Krishna, Jesus, etc."
175875271,CP : crap But getting better
175875272,But it’s a trigger warning. I’m so happy tho. It’s too intense for this forum. Maybe in a pm.
175875273,"I get what you are saying. We get some strange thoughts that aren’t dangerous but b/c of the dx they want to lock us up. Funny thing is: “normies” have some pretty strange things going through their heads, too. But they don’t have a dx so other people just laugh, or roll their eyes when they hear their strange thoughts. It’s not fair or right that you have to fear expressing your thoughts."
174323559,just knowing people’s success stories about this would be a good thing
175875274,Why do you say that?
175875275,Hurting yourself To get back at those Who don’t care. Can you see the flaw?
175875276,I hope the drs have the wisdom to get it figured out for you!
174323556,"You know that saying? Just because everyone else is doing it, doesn’t mean you should."
175875277,"I love mangoes, but they have a slight aftertaste of pine trees."
175875278,"walked into a restaraunt to see if I could use their restroom. Some guy rushed up to me and startled me. I don’t know what his trip was but I made some punk remark in defense and asked if I could use their restroom and he said yes. I’m pretty sure he knew I had a mental illness because I lost my cool for a second. There were only two tables of people inside the restaraunt and I passed one to get to the restroom and it was some twenty-something year old girl and an older lady. They saw my interaction with the guy and they were laughing. I knew they could tell had a mental illness. I’ve seen that look on peoples faces before. While I was peeing I thought about those two women and it made me mad and as I walked out I passed them and said to the young one, “Honey, you ain’t good looking enough to laugh like that.” Dead silence and I just gave them a smile and walked out. I don’t usually do stuff like that but it was pretty satisfying and maybe they’ll think twice about laughing at stran
gers."
175875279,No point in sec with no libido
175875280,"I really wanna advocate for this dude I'm working with. He was saying stuff relating to african american heritage and history and my coworker thought he was delusional and had odd beliefs, and that made me so upset."
175875281,When I had urinary problems it felt like I was being stabbed in my bladder and I thought it was a witch I knew who was stabbing a voodoo doll to hurt me. She was so beautiful n creative and I wanted to be her friend but was a aquantaince for a while just. I have thought about learning about magic and healing etc but I can’t be bothered at this point in time. I wanted to be a witch as my favourite novel series is about witches. Some might be jealous some are not jealous just like normal… After I met my last x it crossed my mind if a witch put a lust spell on me because I still loved my x in sa but this other man I loved but less and it was more passionate and best sex I ever had.was a whirl wind. I think my x boyfriend in sa dogs are witches but they are my loved ones and my favourite girls. I adore them and miss them so much. I don’t know much about witch craft . Maybe I will learn more about it one day. I don’t want to hurt anyone. I started reading a book once but it said things about hurt
ing people and then I didn’t want to read anymore so I stopped reading and gave it to a second hand shop.
175875282,He’s known to shame people on national tv so no
174323566,I’m glad they work for you. Sadly I’ve taken all the things you’ve listed and they do absolutely nothing for my schizophrenia.
175875283,I wasn’t hungry and I hate to eat.
175875284,"I'll have to try that out sometime, thanks!"
175875285,Here’s to hoping that tomorrow will be filled with good things not bad.
175875286,I don’t like swimming in beaches anymore due to a fear of sharks. Regardless of which beach I’m at
175875287,"Doctors are pretty good at spotting fakers, generally. If your doctor thinks you do not have that disorder, it is better to trust your doctor."
175875288,I get banned a lot r.i.p. my longest lasted a year though.
175875289,Vanilla yogurt
175875290,"yes that is what i felt like i was doing before, just drifting…now I am helping and showing kindness to people who are in their time of greatest need. It is very fulfilling work."
175875291,My head hurts where I’ve been picking. It’s throbbing and it stings. I’m in hell.
175875292,Always serious. I’ve ended up in hospital a couple of times on antibiotic drips for a serious infection. No fun and hope your on the path to recovery.
175875293,I’m taking 50 mg of Trazodone every night for sleep.
174323557,"Hello ! My nickname is Eleven. This nickname I chose is not a reference to the series Stranger Things but a reference to the french novel The Alternative Hypothesis by _NAME_. (Even if I like the series Stranger Things .) I’m a woman, I’m in my thirties, I’m French and I live in France. I’m a friend of _PERSON_’s even if we don’t live next door. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia in 2015 but my disease started when I was still a teenager. My medication is Abilify, Prozac, Oxazepam and Lormetazepam. I used to work in agriculture (vegetables and flowers production) but I stopped working two years and a half ago to study law. This was not a good idea. I had good academic results at first but I was always tired and I had too many cognitive problems. I gave up after six months. I don’t work anymore and I don’t think I am still able to. I started running last summer. I started bodybuilding two months ago. And I would like to restart biking in march. I used to bike a lot to go to my work a
nd I have also practiced bicycle tourism with my boyfriend. I would like to take a bike trip again. I also take Italian lessons but I find studying very hard now. I’m not a very good student. Bye."
175875294,Does cigarettes without filters taste better than normal cigarettes?
175875295,I wish you all the luck! You can beat this.
175875296,Good _NAME_ - In this World (Murder)
175875297,"Thank you _NAME_, I’m just glad to have someone to talk to and have support, I really appreciate it"
174323573,"Thank you, tell me more about this. Abilify does not suit me"
175875298,"I’m 31 years now, and i was officially diagnosed at around 25 i think. How about you?"
175875299,"I know I have a mental illness and I’m trying to deal with it without meds, mkay?"
174323563,So how do you conclude from this that cannabis causes schizophrenia?
175875300,My doctor took me off my AP and raised my Lamictal. I noticed I’m now having TD side effects in my mouth and tongue region. Does TD usually occur from Lamictal on high dosages? Or when you get off of an AP? I’ve also been under a lot of stress lately.
175875301,The gangsta hut ?
175875302,"Variations on a Sea Chanty, by _PERSON_; Minuet in G Major, by Christian _PERSON_ (_PERSON_), Ave _NAME_, by _PERSON_, Tell Me Fair Ladies, by _PERSON_, Nocturne Op.15 No. 3, by _NAME_. I pretty much got all these 5 pieces down pat. I’ve been playing them throughout the lockdown. My teacher is on leave for the covid virus. I don’t know when or if he’s coming back. He’s past retirement age."
175875303,Women have XX. Men have XY.
175875304,Thank you. It’s just something I live with. Helps to write it out and share. Knowing I’m not alone with the struggles
175875305,Sarcosine more headaches.
175875306,"even with art orientated channeling rather than stock orientated channeling there is still a demand for symbolic antifreeze stock. smart tech could only be smart if it has a safety net. work ethics are only worth it if they have moral ethics and moral ethics are only worth it if they have mission possible substance. i don't budget for or expect any requited stock, it's a bonus if i perceive any through art flow. it's my experience that the collective cloud zero tolerance adjusts any venting. it could help to have a token cap for resources and resistence squeezing as it could be impossible to cap a potentially infinite spectrum. replacing safety net budgets with blank cheques for blank bullets that the cloud could just squeeze is a risky tarif.i try and give defense aspects consequentiallity sub depth with a safety net. i try not to get too defensive with venting, i try to toughen my threshold and go more sz sober."
175875307,"I really dont like her. I try to keep as open as I can about people but she is an awful, horrible and disgusting human being. I know that it probably sounds harsh but she is terrible. I dislike her to my bones and that doesnt happen. I can get along with almost anybody. But like I said as much as I dislike her I feel bad for her. Because of the things she does and the way she views things. It’s no way to live and I hope she realizes that because I want her to have a better happier life."
175875309,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ I feel the same way; however I don’t feel like I’ll have a problem with being successful. My mom and I are going our separate ways later on this year or next but it’s the fact that I’ll have no one after she passes away… I have other family but we are not as close some are older, some younger. This illness is gonna be the death of me someday."
175875310,Have you tried headphones yet?
175875311,"I've been on 40 mg citalopram (Celexa) for 10 years. It works well to reduce anxiety with no apparent side effects. Has anyone has been on both citalopram (Celexa) and escitalopram (Lexapro). Not at the same time, of course. Did you find that one worked better for anxiety than the other at an equivalent dose? Essentially, these two drugs are almost the same. Both are available as generics."
174323569,"Thanks, I don’t think it will cause similar issue as I searched the FDA website and there is no warning for it, there is for Rexulti and Abilify."
175875312,I’m trying to find something to help make me feel better. I feel like remeron is working.im giving it time. What do y’all do when you are depressed?
175875313,Hahaha…why _AT_MENTION_ … Don’t you believe it??
175875314,Not murdering my ex when I had the chance.
175875315,Just found out invega should be taken with food or else absorption is reduced
175875316,"Thank you. My understanding is that fruit is fine in moderation but I’m going to reexamine that with my doctor at my next appointment. Is it weird that black coffee effectively kills my sugar cravings most of the time, lol? Of course, moderation is important with that, too. I really screwed up my sleep with too much coffee there for a while."
175875317,Yes! Sometimes I think I am in the house I grew up in. It’s very strange.
175875318,"I dont believe in reincarnation, but i do believe in an afterlife. It comforts me at times, but at other times it scares me. Especially when i make mistakes."
175875319,"I enjoy _AT_MENTION_’s thoughtful, self reflective posts"
175875320,"We're like flowers. We deserve to live and have water, nutrients, sunlight, air and love."
175875321,the treatment is largely similar for bp with psychosis and sza.
175875322,You know the Willy Wonka bar with the golden ticket in it? I accidentally bought the antimatter version. Hello!
174323571,"Idk, it may have made me crave food a lot. It is OK though. My hair got thinner"
175875323,_AT_MENTION_ I never got the impression that you try too hard. You are very supportive and likeable though!
175875324,"I have experience for this job, and credentials beyond that, good references, and a great attitude, and the interview went well."
175875325,fnietzsche.com Last man - _PERSON_
175875326,"Be careful with the GABA. It is proven to have moderate interaction with many ap’s. I considered trying it myself, but afraid of the possible interacton. If I did try it, I wouldn’t take it at the same time of day as AP’s. Good luck and let us know how you get on"
175875327,I hope we find peace someday away from the illnesses.
175875328,Good idea to do what the doc says. But I like to do my own research too.
175875329,"I just attended the London mental health clubhouse and saw some friends, it was nice my chest is sore though and my back"
175875330,"no, I didn’t mean anything bad, but just I like a little blush on the emoji’s. ha, idk. ha."
175875331,I’m no longer taking antipsychotics. I’m only on lamictal
175875332,Thanks _AT_MENTION_. I will not eat your brain today.
174323579,Good. It’s a great ap
175875333,"Then there were a few more mice in the corner of the room, seemingly waving at me"
175875334,"I think I have had it a lot. I get really creative in my sleep. Apparently a yellow submarine was created in a dream by _NAME_, he woke up and wrote the song from his dream."
175875335,"Dear _PERSON_, Interesting. My eyes hurt today and I cannot follow the entire thread. My English is not perfect and it is hard for me to follow when there are long paragraphs. But it does seem very interesting, at least the part that I got. Thanks. Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175875336,Symptoms such as paranoia can be really tough to deal with. I hope the paranoia goes away soon and it becomes clear to you that your family cares about you. Sometimes I want to cry too.
175875337,What's the issue at hand? Why would they be lying to you? Why don't you agree?
175875338,"In Greek mythology, Narcissus (/n??r?s?s?s/; Ancient Greek: ????????? Nárkissos ) was a hunter from Thespiae in Boeotia who was known for his beauty. According to _PERSON_, he rejected all romantic advances, eventually falling in love with his own reflection in a pool of water. He later died, and in his place sprouted a flower bearing his name. I found this pretty funny though"
174323585,Haha this is all going right over my poor brain.
175875339,The voices keep torturing me making me feel like iam trapped in my own skin and suffocating
175875340,They dated. I spend all day online reading about celebrities because they are more important than us little people.
174323580,"my therapist has another patient on clozapine, he has PRN haldol. Maybe I'd get a PRN FGA"
175875341,"ok, thx for replying. right now im almost 26 and still live with my mother. i feel like a big loser. ive had schizo since i was 14. i think i could work part time if the job wasnt stressful. im on disability right now, but you cant really support yourself on it. have you had the same thoughts or experiences? sometime i really wish i was normal..."
175875342,"Just started drinking coffee again, and it’s made a difference. I have about 2 cups/daily-- I’m careful to not overdo it, since I can get antsy and paranoid with too much."
175875343,"I’m confused, does this person actually have a diagnosed personality disorder though?"
175875344,"I sold my PS4 slim and a pro.I also sold my Nintendo switch last year on october.I was off meds that time.Now I am on 10mg Olanzapine,I hope I don’t do the same again because I am buying a new ps 4,which is almost double the regular price before all this covid 19 pandemic"
175875345,Why don’t you go back on meds and try working again if you can?
175875346,"Is this about when you have more than one guy in the room claiming to be Christ? In my model everyone is Christ because everyone is the same person, so I wouldn’t be offended by someone else making the same claim."
175875347,Love ur voice! 151515
175875348,I should point out that in the UK ‘Learning difficulty’ is usually about a person of average or above intelligence who has significant deficits in an area of cognition .
175875349,"Thanks everyone. I just gotta keep my chin up and stay strong. I haven’t heard from the angels in a long time, but I still get days that the crowd pick on me. I’m wishing everyone relief"
175875350,I didn’t get a word of that but it sounds like you can speak french? I speak Gujarati at home (language of _PERSON_) and I fluently understand Hindi
175875351,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175875352,Are you genuine?
175875353,that sounds like a good book what is the name?
175875354,Because i just do
175875355,My husband recently told me that I shouldn’t be taking my meds and that he doesn’t seem to think that I really need them and he also wants to have a child so that is another reason he wants me off my meds. I just don’t know how to make him understand that I need them. He has seen me go to the hospital about 3 or 4 times. I guess you can’t force someone to be supportive.
175875356,I'm in winter too
175875357,I hope it goes well and you get some answers.
175875358,"Do you ever cook southern style green beans with bacon and garlic? You had a thread about food, openING a restaurant. Eclairs with custard are good, too. I know. I know. I’m late lolol"
175875359,"Hi _AT_MENTION_, thinking about you x I lost it Sept- Nov was hospitalised about 10 days, it was very hard the hospitals couldn’t even handle me and forced me to self discharge I never thought it would happen to me either Feeling a lot better now though thank god"
175875360,"I feel it’s entirely possible that a bad enough heartbreak can wreck the blood-brain barrier from stress damage and cause psychosis, but how can that be properly tested? It’s such a random thing."
175875361,"I was on Vraylar 6mg, it worked okay for psychosis but made me really anxious and i couldnt sleep"
175875362,Isn’t it true that somewhere in a landfill there are tons of those ET games buried in a mass grave? So I heard. But our luck there will be some retro gamer who is gonna revive interest in that title and sell them for mucho dinero.
175875363,I’m 58 and feel great…I only look about mid forties…my gray goatee and hair give me away…I have a baby face.
175875364,Anyone love poinsettias for Christmas? I love them. But its poisonous to animals.
175875365,Busboy at Hooters.
175875366,My symptoms have almost disappeared already
175875367,_PERSON_ and a hand full of gummy bears.....we are trying to finish up a few odds and Ends before braving the grocery.....
175875368,_AT_MENTION_ What is your plan to make money there? Where are you going to live? What support will you have?
175875369,"Ok, thanks 15151"
175875370,"I used to be able to imagine a volume dial, and turn it all the way up, then all the way down."
175875371,I drink 2-8 cups a day. But that’s cuz I gave up soda. Though I was tempted to go buy a 12er of Coke Zero today. But I resisted.
175875372,"I think your posts are meaningful, can’t help it. I like your brain. It’s okay to talk about it."
175875373,Wonderful! I’m so glad the class is going so well for you! Congrats on your 50/50!
175875374,Working is pretty effective against depression
175875375,"I did a CBT group class for two years, and it has contributed so much to my mental well being! I called it my four credit class in how to be a functional person."
175875376,"I want to fuucking die. My boyfriend said he wanted to throw a glass at me and wish I would fall off the face of the Earth. _PERSON_ the E.r. can someone say something to me that will get me out of this complete hopelessness, feeling trapped. I wish I never ended it with my peer support. I needed that extra support. My bf said he couldn’t look at me, he has no compassion for me and he said I’m nagging him. I CANT FUUUCCKKING TAKE IT"
175875377,im on risperdal consta and olanzapine
175875378,This morning was not very good tho. I found out that last night my grandpa hit his head on the ground. He fell. He suffered a stroke and a hemorrhage. He may not make it.
175875379,Yeah I think they literally got them in 20 minutes before I phoned. But I would be willing to wait if there are more needy people behind me
175875380,Can you do that in your current program? Why not start with a PhD program....usually they’ll give you a masters if you don’t finish the program.
175875381,"No I’m on 6mg, it’s a high dose but it’s not the max. My pdoc said we could go as far as 8mg and possibly 10 if it worked, (efficacy is more useful at 8mg as oppose to higher but their maybe some benefit) but this risks more side effects. I know if I went up these whispers would go but I’m saving a med increase for a more rainy day. Would you agree?"
175875382,U might actually need to be seen--feel beter.
175875383,"I was never violent to others, but i have done a suicide attempt 5 years ago. Or i started it and broke it off half way. So i can understand their fear, and share it too. My son obviously wasnt there during the attempt."
175875384,"If you are nauseous and dizzy, it sounds like you might have caught a virus. Can you tell your staff how you’re feeling?"
175875385,"Oh, i understand, ok… Me, itake the minimum now, but its painful… Anyway, maybe this can stop. Me, i tried all the meds for ten years, but i guess its a hard illness. Me, i have paranoia, but on the other hand- negatives. If i work on the one side, the other side gets worse… Anyway… I also realized today, that i am quite disconnected from reality too lol… So we should be patient _AT_MENTION_ when it hurts so bad? All the best to you, we are strong i find to have this illness…"
175875386,"oh, so do you mean that you avoid sleep because it brings up painful thoughts?"
175875387,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875388,Don't feel guilty! You deserved to be loved on! _PERSON_
175875389,careful jimbob. it can mess up ur oesophagus and teeth etc… hope ur feeling better today happy xmas
175875390,Turkey sandwich
175875391,Yes. Would never had married and lived with another human on social and sexual levels if not for medication. Never would have moved overseas and lived a rich and realized life in another country. Don’t work but I have faithfully done volunteering work for my cricket club for well over 15 years. It gives me something to do and it’s rewarding. I can prepare a first grade standard wicket and all that entails. So. Yes. Medications and taking them have given me a much more realized life. I don’t work for a living and I don’t mind that. It’s different from most but here’s a question…What would you change if you won a million dollars? Honestly. I’d change nothing. I live as large as I can and just do it.
175875392,"i take 200mg for sleep, i haven’t gained weight on it though."
175875393,Call 911 and go to mental hospital ASAP
175875394,"Most movies I have watched where a mentally ill person was a main character I have liked because I can identify to some of it, and so I guess people who never were mentally illl can learn a little from it. The movie that impacted me most was “Birdy”. Maybe it’s just because I watched it recently. Really good movie."
175875395,"_AT_MENTION_ Congrats, and you are totally right!"
175875396,"Yes, I had the same. A pdoc had prescribed Lamictal for these"
175875397,"Walking is great exercising, I ride my bicycle."
175875398,I wish I had the money you guys have to cook all the time…good for you !!
175875399,"I can’t flip eggs to save my life, lol, no omelettes in my house. My kids used to get the ones from _PERSON_’s when we had that kinda money when _PERSON_ was alive."
175875400,"People are effin stupid about it in America — I would be VERY reluctant to go in public without sanitizer and mask – like I said they are PAYING us to stay home and literally encouraging us to take it slow and easy – were just spoiled, it’s not that hard to just kick back and find something to do during this time … I admit it’s not everyone being careless, but even so, it ain’t that hard to stay the hell outta dodge … I’ll stay at home majority of my time and when I feel like it’s right in time I’ll leave"
175875401,My longest stay was in a private hospital for a year.
175875402,Have you tried any schizophrenia charity’s for advice? We have one here called shine who give free advice
175875403,That’s really sad that an ignorant teacher ruined school for you. That teacher probably had plenty of time to assess your character. I don’t think teachers who enjoy ruining students education should be teaching. They put terrible people on TV and claim they’re evil because of schizophrenia. I’ve never met anyone like that. I really think they have a different disease. I feel like they’re trying to brainwash people for evil reasons.
175875404,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875405,glad you’re getting the mole checked…good for you !! I would fight the cancer as long as I had a chance of surviving…
175875406,"If you get to fighting here, we’ll talk to you to let you know and remind you."
175875407,I believe in demons.
175875408,my aunt is in her mid seventies and has alzheimzers and she is on anti psychotics for it
175875409,"I know its great, im really enjoying it, with a great price, i hope it stays that way."
175875410,Very interesting! I like!
175875411,So it’s 10 days later. My legs feel “tired” all the time. I feel tired all the time.
175875412,"In the context of a diagnosis of ‘Autistic Spectrum disorder now having been made…’ I get the impression of a degree of revisionism being in play due to the ASD dx. For example depression that has necessitated several sets of ECT and several suicide attempts in the past is described as ‘mild’. Previous letter mentioned 'phases of high and low mood in the context of concurrently experiencing psychotic symptoms ’ . It’s this kind of thing that places me firmly in the in the critical of /sceptical about psychiatry school of thought. It’s however better than the approaches championed by RW and his followers. The flip flopping and inconsistencies of the mainstream psychiatric approach renders it highly flawed, but the best we currently have."
175875413,Oh there’s been _USER_ID_ since Way back. In the 1920s and 30s people would just dump their kids off at institutions And they never be heard of again. It was only anti-psychotics that started emptying the institutions in the 50s and early 60s it was only antipsychotics that started emptying the institutions in the 50s and early 60s I blame the media and movies for always giving press to the axe murders etc in horror movies.
174323581,"I had to fight to get on a lower dose, they do over do it sometimes, but often a higher dose is good to get you back on track then they lowered it after a couple of months for me"
175875414,We disagree but are we still friends?
175875415,I can reveal that I am impotent. The vast majority of new babies emerge through heterosexual intercourse. So I guess the matter is settled.
175875416,"Fun story, I was having a nap, and my friend sent me a text saying “I’m watching a movie with a weird song in it, raindrops keep falling on my head” And I was like “you’re watching ‘_NAME_ and the Sundance Kid’, aren’t you?” And she went apeshite over the fact that I could guess the movie right"
175875417,"I would not suggest hospitalization unless you are a danger to yourself or others. They don’t want you at the hospital. It was a life saver when I was young but I’ve learned to deal without the structure or, maybe I have created mine own."
175875418,"Really? Lobotomies, locked up permanently in a mental hospital, electric shocks, etc?"
175875419,yeah i think im going to wear patches and stuff and look like a traveller with all the gear this time. maybe i won’t seem so suspicious to authorities that way.
175875420,"The past few days, along with cigarettes I want to get high. I can take a tiz and when it feels safe I will. It was a.blessing to have it over the summer with all that pain. I wish my cold would go away. I coughed all night last night and no one gave me cough medicine. I'm sick of it here."
175875421,How long have you been on it?
175875422,Yes it’s trial and error. Switching to a new med is always risky.
175875423,I got 20 minutes till breakfast just drinking tea to try to avoid the hunger on my mind I’m staying strong thank Goodness I went grocery shopping yesterday
175875424,"Pennfoster.edu online has engineering classes. You’re going to get a lot of math with engineering. I studied trig and algorithms with civil engineering. I didn’t complete the course or I would have taken calculus. Also if you work with directionals (North east west south) you’ll use math. Also tuition for a whole plethora of classes thru Pennfoster.edu is like $900 where if you go to a regular college is like $10,000"
175875425,mawgan porth 02.jpg 3007×1999 6.08 MB DSC_0220_03.jpg 5933×3905 978 KB Harbour 01.jpg 3007×1999 6.28 MB Mawgan Porth 01.JPG 4253×2828 10.2 MB
175875426,From all of us. You are most welcome.
175875427,"He’s long gone. As usual, I’m remembering. Actually, what hurt me the most is that he seemed to want to control the subject matter - like he was afraid of me and what I might say…"
175875428,"But I mean I’m fat so take what I say with a grain of salt. I just find it easier worrying about my calories than worrying about what I’m eating and putting a label on things that are basically processed the same, lol"
175875429,"With that type of behavior you’re going to be sectioned again. You’re delusional about the microchip. They’re trying to help you. Trying to dig something that doesn’t exist out of your body is a sign you need to be hospitalized. I know you don’t want that news, but it’s true. You need help and by refusing it, you’re on your qay to having cops called."
175875430,By who? You can call 911 if they threaten you verbally. Its a crime.
174323592,"Very interesting paper. Because H2S is distributed systemically, some somatic diseases are also affected by H2S. Ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory bowel disease, and H2S overproduction contributes to the etiology of this disease (_PERSON_ , 1997 ). On the other hand, H2S is present in joints and acts as a proinflammatory mediator (_PERSON_ , 2017 ); therefore, rheumatic diseases might be associated with decreased production of H2S. Comorbidity has been reported between ulcerative colitis and schizophrenia (_PERSON_, 2001 ), whereas rheumatoid arthritis occurs at a relatively low frequency in schizophrenia patients (_PERSON_ , 2007 ). In schizophrenia, biomarkers are of cardinal importance for early intervention and improved prognoses (_PERSON_ , 2012 ; _PERSON_ , 2013 ). Biomarkers can be also used to categorize patients and determine optimal therapeutics. Our postmortem study suggested a positive correlation between symptomatic severity and “sulfide stress”, and in living patients the pres
ent results highlight the potential benefit of examining MPST expression levels in scalp hair follicles. The use of scalp hair follicles is advantageous because of the convenience and noninvasiveness of sampling (_PERSON_ , 2015 )."
175875431,"yes they did, aripiprazole, i owe my life to that"
175875432,"If you want, here is the recipe. You will need: 3 Tablespoons cracked black pepper 1 Tablespoon of salt 2-2 1/2 lbs. boneless, skinless turkey breast halves 1 cup pure maple syrup 4 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard 1/4 cup butter, cut up Preheat oven to 325. Combine pepper & sale, and rub onto turkey. Roast for 45 minutes. Combine syrup & mustard in sauce pan. Heat to boiling, then remove from heat. Brush some onto turkey & place 1/2 of the butter on turkey. Roast for 30 mote minutes. Cover turkey & let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Heat remaining syrup mix to boil again, then serve over turkey. The recipe can be altered to accommodate bone-in or larger turkeys or breasts. I’ve used it on skinned turkeys, too."
175875433,"A bottle of wine is too much, but I understand you. I would love to drink a bottle of wine in the evening, but in the long run it’s no good for me. I try to minimize my alcohol intake to 2-4 units a day and it goes fine."
175875434,"I just little paranoid using my moms card, i ask her she said yes, but is card company going to call her."
175875435,"I was in the state hospital for a year. I got better there but there was no reason for me to be there a whole year. hardly talked to anyone. no therapy or consultations with the Dr. she would just breeze through and ask if I was hearing any voices. I got stuck there waiting for housing to open up and then they shut down so I just came home. I mostly lay in bed reading but I did work a paid job in the greenhouse. I thought it was excessive though, the amount of time I spent there. my mom lied to the doctor and I got a nasty surprise when the court papers came in saying I had talked about the police chief raping a girl in the woods. I never said that. I originally thought it was him as he had brought me to the psych ward himself but later figured out that it was my mother. the whole thing sucked."
175875436,I rarely get bored. But I can be easily exhausted which means I don’t have brain power to do anything. In that case I watch the videos of Bejing Opera. Just for relaxing.
175875437,Healthful food actually tastes good. I made tabbouleh the other day and it was delicious . Course I love my sweets. That’s a big problem for me _AT_MENTION_. Look up a guy named _PERSON_. I got his health food recipe book. He’s got recipes for desserts in there.
175875438,Didn’t you say it will be available at the end of the year? That’s not so far off
175875439,"Unfortunately, I did a LOT of medical research back in the beginning when my delusions/voices started, and found that there IS no way to prove it… When I tried my hardest to prove I wasn’t mangled and dying in an accident, I found out about a lot of chemical reactions your brain goes through under distress, including DMT and others, that can literally make you see/hear/smell/taste and even FEEL as if those things were 100% real. There were times in the beginning when I would bump up against something like the kitchen counter with my hip for example, look down and not SEE a seatbelt but 100% FEEL a seatbelt and immediately think I was back in the car wreck… I’ve BEGGED multiple doctors on multiple occasions to help prove to me that I’m real and THIS is real, but there just is no way to prove it undeniably."
175875440,I just roll with it. Hell could happen but it is reserved for the worst of the worst and not schizophrenics who are trying harder than anyone else to fit into society. If there is a God He wouldn’t make us live hell and then send us there when we die just because we don’t fit it. That’s all it is _AT_MENTION_ we just don’t fit in and need to
175875441,"yes, i am on meds"
175875442,Because they dont want to suffer from my death.
175875443,its a tricky illusion ive changed it over the years.
174323588,"Norepinephrine is involved in paranoia. Its found that those who have paranoia have its value much higher than controls. PubMed Norepinephrine in chronic paranoid schizophrenia: above-normal levels in... In postmortem examination of brains of four patients with chronic paranoid schizophrenia, above-normal norepinephrine levels were measured in the ventral septum, the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis, the nucleus accumbens, and the mammillary... So avoid anything which boosts norepinephrine value. These include certain medications and supplements. For example strattera (atomoxetine), wellbutrin etc. In supplement category popular one which raise it include l tyrosine. Substances which reduce cortisol levels help to lower its value. Also blood pressure medications like beta blocker helps to reduce adrenaline. Also avoid caffeine as it raises cortisol."
175875444,I am too
175875445,"Reminds me of _NAME_ and the sex people. Funny clip, 4 minutes."
175875446,"I can’t speak for canada, but in the US you can join on your schools health insurance plan if you need it, and they normally have counseling available at the school. Some schools have a psychiatrist, so I would ask for what is available. If not you will have to search in the area. I suggest using psychologytoday.com to search for doctors where you will be living that will take your insurance and will have open spots, which is often hard to find as the mental health system is overwhelmed in the US. Also if you feel like it, I recommend searching to see if the state, county, or city you will be in has a department of mental health, and seeing if you can get assigned a caseworker, as this creates a support system and they can hospitalize you without you having to interact with police in the US, who are notoriously bad with the mentally ill."
175875447,I’m debating on making some Nescafe. There’s a radio show I catch every Sunday that plays from nine until midnight.
175875448,in certain areas with different people did you ever clam up?
175875449,"I would not go anywhere near, someone who is sexually harassing you. If your husband doesn’t understand, that’s his problem."
175875450,"Hugs! Love! _PERSON_, just load Medisafe on your phone and it will beep at you every time we need to take our medicine. It helps. Please."
175875451,"I’m not exactly sure what you are saying because I’m not that smart, but at one point I believed that sz was a term made up as a cover for people that were gifted and chosen, I still have my suspicions but I’ll never truly know, I miss feeling like I was chosen on a special mission, but for me it was also like a never ending bad drug trip, as much as I hate meds and what they’ve done to my health I don’t miss multiple nights without sleep and mental hospitals, multiple god command voices extreme paranoia. I think there is more to sz than what modern medicine and pharmacies tell us but I have no proof other than my hindered mind."
175875452,What about lucid dreams?
175875453,Welcome back _AT_MENTION_
175875454,"That’s awesome that calming music helps you out! I like to listen to my local oldies/pop radio station a lot. I admit that I also struggle sometimes to read, I’ll have to re-read certain sentences a few times to make sure I comprehend what I’m reading. But I really do love reading, and I feel it helps me with keeping my cognition decent."
175875455,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175875456,"And later I took my supplements, including the fish oil."
175875457,I’m married for nearly eight years. My husband is my best friend
175875458,"Ok you are right. I’m just afraid to offend anyone with my thoughts. This camera is giving me rude, offensive thoughts."
175875459,"I wrote a book about my sza too. Hope to get it published before I die, it’s my legacy to help others with mental illness"
175875460,I’m thinking she’s a victim of a pedophile. Her little girl voice and mannerisms.
175875461,My cat has a microchip behind his ear in case he gets lost. I’m starting to wonder if it’s for more than that. I’d never hurt him and is that too freaking wrong to worry about?
175875462,"My living situation is really toxic right now. Instead of renewing the lease, I think I'm just going to look around for a place to stay, maybe somewhere closer to work. I hate moving, but I think it's the best decision for me. sigh..."
175875463,Yes covid makes staying at home easy.
174323587,"Yeah, i’ve noticed in myself since i was diagnosed with schizophrenia that i have some cognitive issues myself. It is very frustrating. I used to be able to do sudoku puzzles easily. Now i struggle enormously. Like you, i struggle with some things, and do okay at others. It is quite depressing really."
175875464,It’s not available in the United states:^(
175875465,You’re not supposed to drink with meds anyways. I even think its bad for psychosis. I haven’t drank in a long time.
175875466,I believe what’s happening is he’s trolling.
175875467,"Hey _PERSON_, he said nut. Yeah _PERSON_, that was cool."
175875468,Did you talk with your pdoc?
175875469,I’m glad there’s been some improvement! Y’all take care.
175875470,"Perphenazine was a good med for me for a while, can’t really remember why I was taken off of it."
175875471,I’ve had all of them except flashbacks and annhedonia.
175875472,I had an egg today I should probably eat more
175875473,_AT_MENTION_ wet cat food and calm talking to it slow movements
175875474,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ I’m praying
175875475,Aw thanks so much _AT_MENTION_ I really appreciate that. But I’m a bit stubborn wen it comes to My diet
175875476,"OMG I feel the exact same way, people around me have been acting weird and seem to be passive aggressive, avoiding directly telling me what’s going on instead they hint at ???? or talk about things involving me close enough so I can barely hear them so I can’t make out exactly what they are talking about. Then the voices tell me that I don’t want to know the truth or when I find out the truth I’m going to freak out, I’m pretty sure I already know what it is but eveyone must just think I’m stupid and don’t pay attention to anything. Fact is I pay attention to every little thing, I just usually don’t say anything cuz I don’t want them to start being more careful so I can keep getting the little bits and pieces until I get the whole puzzle. It’s just hard to believe that anyone would do something like that to someone and never tell them."
175875477,"Browns, but that will never happen."
175875478,"Perhaps. Thats interesting, I never thought that -ologists and -chiatrists weren’t on the same team. At one time I saw both within the same office. Weren’t they sharing notes?"
175875479,"What other APs you tried, wave?"
175875480,I was never aware of my grieving but I really miss her. She died many years ago and my heart still feels empty.
175875481,Welcome to the forum!
175875482,Im happy i have someone to see me through. Whats your asl? Im 34 female _NAME_.
175875483,So I read some five “phase”/“element” theory today and practiced some t’ai ji. It’s still only 16:34 but I feel satisfied with what I’ve studied. I might try and work on my maths paper a bit. Thank you.
175875484,I think 2012 1515
175875485,"It might well be ongoing, i think the pandemic is going to take a while to go… i wish you the best in your interview… you can do this"
175875486,I feel much better after a shower
175875487,My family doctor referred me to this one nutritionist. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to go see her but I’m quickly changing my mind. I need all the help I can get.
175875488,I'm speechless. Starting a Go Fund Me page immediately since the budget will surely be enormous. Anyone interested in financing this project please message me or _PERSON_.
175875489,"Like a rug? ,… . ."
175875490,Only on weekends. The rest of the week I’m fine.
175875491,I felt that way my freshman year. By my senior year I was stoned in half my classes and felt pretty comfortable.
175875492,"I’m hoping I win both my cases, the malpractice/disability and the class action lawsuit against whoever hacked my emails. My entire internet identity is under the thumb of some unknown agent. That’s what it feels like. Or people are trading trackers on me on the dark web. I sued Wells Fargo for a settlement and they threw about $800 at me for “the complaint” but never actually fixed the issue. It’s because when you’re a schizophrenic no one ever freaking listens or takes you seriously. They lie or exaggerate things to make themselves feel ok about ignoring real world problems that no one would be willing to solve, like for once doing the right thing…which no one ever does unless they get something out of it. Maybe there’s a price on my head. Who the f knows. I’m worthless to the world."
175875493,"I do have sex frequently with her, but to be _NAME_, I don’t feel love in it. Its just a physical attraction or just the need for me."
174323595,"Abilify made me agitated, more anxious and paranoid… here in Bulgaria now, we have since not so long this new med “Reagila”. The docs say it’s the improved abilify… but the abilify wasn’t for me neither the others…I tolerate only zyprexa and I tried 11 other apps for these ten years with my doc…"
175875494,Great news _AT_MENTION_ !!!
175875495,Here is another one I found just be googling the subject. Social Security Disability Advocates – 10 Sep 18 Headed to School While on Disability? We Have the Answers for You. Are you currently collecting Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI)? Are you also attending or planning to attend college? Then make sure you understand all the rules and regulations regarding attending school while on disability.
175875496,"I have no idea what the motive is, to ask you to visit so they can ask questions and call cops when you— don’t want to answer. I only guess strange sense of duty to report people they arbitrarily deem suspicious. _USER_ID_: Like McCarthyism, only not directed at suspected communists but anyone who seems out of place."
175875497,7 people live here + the staff members
175875498,Yes I’m from Italy.
175875499,"And on the flip side, divorced ladies have always been kind to me."
175875500,Yes voices come out of nothing.
175875501,I helped mine by putting controls that limit my ability to do it even if I want too. In an emergency your husband could call your therapist?
175875502,They are you they are part of your mind that is why they hear. A little unbalanced part maybe. Sometimes they can’t hear each other.
175875503,"Thankyou for sharing, very nice."
175875504,Iced black coffee
175875505,_AT_MENTION_. Do you have a crush on your doctor? She might like you. It doesn’t matter if you’re overweight. Thing is at least here in the states if they know you have feelings for your doctor they give you a different doctor. I have a crush on my doc but I’m not telling him that!!!
175875506,i heard of it for bodybuilding but never as a prn weird
175875507,I finished the steroid pak my doc gave me yesterday and today is the first day in a week I have not wanted to kill my self. That’s no ???? either… I might hang a ceiling fan today. Though that seems unlikely.
175875508,You sound a little paranoid and delusional. Maybe you should talk to your pdoc about a med change.
175875510,"I’ve often wished I could find a girlfriend, but my spastic personality always gets in the way. It is impossible to be in a relationship with me because of my spastic behavior."
175875511,"Been there, done that"
175875512,I had a hard time accepting that I was sick and refused meds. When things got really bad I turned around a became compliant.
175875513,Thank you 151515
175875514,Yes I think they can change sexual orientation. Testosterone and dopamine work together. You lower dopamine in certain people and their estrogen raises etc.
175875515,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov The Probiotic Mixture VSL#3 Reverses Olanzapine-Induced Metabolic Dysfunction in Mice. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Methods in molecular biology (_NAME_, N.J.) , 2019 Atypical antipsychotic drugs (AAPDs) such as olanzapine (OLZ) are associated with serious metabolic adverse effects such as weight gain, visceral fat accretion, glucose intolerance, and lipid abnormalities. Compelling evidence suggests that the gut microbiota is known to regulate metabolic homeostasis and therefore microbiota-modulating strategies such as probiotics may serve as an excellent approach for treating metabolic adverse effects associated with atypical antipsychotic drugs (AAPDs). The therapeutic potential of VSL#3 (20 ?109 CFU/day), in reversing olanzapine-induced metabolic dysfunction, was assessed. VSL#3 administration led to attenuation of OLZ-induced body weight gain, uterine fat deposition, impaired glucose tolerance, and insulin resistance. Moreover olanzapine treatm
ent also decreased inflammatory markers, abolished oxidative stress in the vWAT, and prevented shifts in gut microbiota abundance levels. These results indicate that VSL#3 via its ability to manipulate the gut microbiome confers beneficial metabolic effects and may, therefore, represent a novel therapeutic approach for reversing antipsychotic-induced metabolic dysfunction. In the future, your metabolic side effects may be treated with a probiotic."
175875516,Demon _PHONE_NO_
175875517,"I don’t know why, for some strange reason, im thinking I should start meditating each day. maybe 30 minutes in the morning or the evening. actually before bed would probably be most convenient for me. but anyways, I don’t know what im doing, of course i’ll purchase a couple books. but I guess right now, I would just try to clear my mind and have a peaceful relaxing session that would transistion to a good sleep. for those who meditate. what are your goals or reasons for meditating? I know a few members have mentioned it, just curious."
175875518,But the real Saint _NAME_ would never say that.
175875519,What appetite suppressant did you use?
175875520,I think a lot of it is due to ignorance. I get into too many jambs.
175875521,When I brought up my story about getting the porn movie AssBusters 2 stuck in my VCR and had to sheepishly bring it in for a repair. And _AT_MENTION_ called Assbusters 2 the Citizen _NAME_ of porn movies!
175875522,What has been helping me is standing on concrete with my bare feet sending all the bad thoughts and energy away
175875523,So my neighbor apparently got a drone for Christmas. I saw and heard it flying over my residence earlier today! Groan! The condos here were built in 1979 with skylights in the bathroom right over my bathtub. So I was looking up at the sky tonight and saw flashing red lights. Basically I think that my neighbor is peeping on me but I have no proof. So I am paranoid about using the bathroom for anything. I hate drones!
175875524,I understand how you feel. I live in a small town with a lot of relatives so I’m expected to be gracious when I see them. But people in general love to talk about themselves. Maybe approach it from that angle. But I have on occasion said right out that today I don’t have it in me to be a good conversationalist. I don’t like to do that and it’s been less of a problem since I’ve been doing regular therapy for the last two years. I think if you can learn to deal with your own social mistakes then maybe with practice it can become more bearable. Best wishes for you.
175875525,yeah lets die together
175875526,I on 600mg of Quetiapine(Seroquel) and most of the day i’m in a zombie state
175875527,_AT_MENTION_ Give it a shot for a while. If it ain’t your cup o’ tea you can always come back to the fold!
175875528,"Depends on if the job is required to accommodate that. If it’s a job without scheduled hours of operation and the position is part time, that should be reasonable. If you’re applying to be like a daytime sales representative, that probably wouldn’t work. Look at what the job duties entail. In my experience, a job won’t give flexible hours if it advertises as having a specific schedule. But legal protections in my country are different than yours."
175875529,I take it for sleep here and there. Diphenhydramine. The liquid one and the caplets one. Usually 50mg.
175875530,That’s true I guess I’m going to try everything so I could sleep well
175875531,_PERSON_ I pissed myself because I suddenly had to go but I couldn’t make it to the bathroom in time. It came out of nowhere and I couldn’t make it. The people I live with right now who is an STNA said I could have a bad uti and such which would make sense of the high white blood cell count.
175875532,I know I need help. It’s actually getting it that’s difficult.
175875533,My iPhone can only do the following
175875534,"I think I’m a lifer too. I’ve given up trying to come off them a long time ago. All previous attempts ended near disastrously. However, the pharmacist at our last meeting said we have to arrange a meeting with her and the GP to see if there is a better way. I hope this is not an NHS initiative to take people off long prescriptions."
175875535,"I’m currently on Geodon 40 am 80 pm Wellbutrin 150 mg am I have intense intrusive thoughts. Every single day. L-Theanine was working but I think it has lost it’s effectiveness after 2 years. I’m surviving on 1 mg xanax in the mornings, it’s lasting 8 hours, it’s helping a bit but I can’t live like this. Wednesday is my doc. I have Zoloft and Depakote in mind."
174323597,Mine too! I’m very intolerant of idiots and other jerks who distract me. (not you). But this is 2019 and all groups have the right to exist.
175875536,I took my pills. Vaping and listening to Spotify in bed now.
175875537,I’m glad to say I’m on one atm… But u never know if that may change. Nearly had to go on anti fungal but they mentioned liver tests and something about effects on your mood and I was like NO Thankyou!
175875538,Some people yes not everyone
175875539,"“Flower Power” i watch and see the anxiety floating away, my mood lifted and my mind shifted to a place where stress isn’t the common denominator anymore"
175875540,I can’t decide whether the delusions or the voices are worse. Delusions can be absolutely terrifying. And voices reinforce those delusions. From my experience
175875541,"Tremendous forms of self loathing Constantly my mouth is foaming Don’t Schizo out Don’t Schizo out Encapsulated wrath and rapture, Feelings of internal disaster, Riding on the high of meds, Am I sleeping Am I dead Don’t Schizo out don’t Schizo out Wading days as earth crumbles All relations turn out as fumbles People cannot hear my mumble Speak too loud the ground rumbles Don’t Schizo out Don’t Schizo out Trauma and a wave of passion Barely eating Start to ration My little bits of energy I just wanna be set free Don’t Schizo out Don’t Schizo out Who is coming for my head With a gun that’s full of lead Worry of the tenth degree Should I calm down Should I run away Don’t Schizo out Don’t Schizo out"
175875542,"I don’t exercise much owing to arthritis. I’m stubborn though, I want to resolve it without meds. I think I’m making headway, but this thing I’m trying could just be an oasis."
175875543,Been on buspar three weeks. So far its seemed to have kicked in. The dizziness happens some times still. But the anxiety is way down.
175875544,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175875545,"The Conversation Bipolar treatment can be improved – by focusing less on antidepressants and... Treatment needs to focus on fewer antidepressants, more lithium and supportive group education."
175875546,My parents just fought over the tv remote. New year same people I guess
175875547,"today, i have to keep reminding myself that what i’m experiencing is not real… meanwhile, my mind keeps showing me “signs” that it is…"
174323602,"You have no obligation to do anything, there is nothing that you should or should not be doing, except by the consensus of society and yourself. If you are unhappy with the cycle it is because of some judgment you are believing either coming from outside or internally. You are not lazy, processing schizophrenia is a full time job, and giving the mind time to deal with it unconsciously through rest is time well spent as well. Breaking the cycle of schizophrenia on the other hand is something that I think we all desire. So going from processing one’s relapses to relapsing and then back again we judge to be a bad thing. Also society judges schizophrenia to be a bad thing, an illness. We know it is an illness because it is unpleasant and dysfunctional, but we shouldn’t judge it. Rather discern what has to be done to break the cycle. I don’t know how to break the cycle myself, though I am managing to go longer periods without relapse at the moment, but I too often think I am lazy. The point I want 
to make is that you are not lazy. I am hoping that sarcosine will help with motivation if I get the go ahead to take it. They have identified damaged receptors in the brains of schizophrenics which reduce motivation, so again, you are not lazy. Sarcosine is said to help with this, but as yet I have no experience of it, so I cannot say if it works, but it is worth looking into I think. Thank you."
175875548,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875549,"Thanks! I had to leave work early, but my boss is understanding it seems. The cold water trick really helped!"
175875550,Yes after a few times it starts improving mood. They are so affordable now on Amazon. Mine is not very big. I paid $35 I think. The brand is Verilux.
175875551,Have you ever had delusions that you are romantically involved with celebrities?
175875552,I didn't feel too good after my jab. It lasted for like 2 days and then I felt fine.
175875553,"Yeah same. Antipsychotics and antidepressants mainly. I know I can't cry even if I try, but idk if it's me or the meds."
175875554,What happens to the brain? Are there like behavior things professionals do to you?
175875555,"Has anybody had any visual hallucinations, if you have can you describe them?"
175875556,"Eh, I’m saving hell for after I die."
174323601,"The scientists have recently developed a novel imaging marker that may help in the personalized medicine of psychiatric disorders. The study, published in Nature Medicine on Mar. 23, shows that abnormal striatal function can be a promising biomarker for the diagnosis of schizophrenia and treatment response. In their search for suitable biomarkers, the scientists collected multimodal neuroimaging data from a total of 1100 individuals with schizophrenia and healthy controls from 2010-15. Using the large dataset, the researchers first proposed the concept of “functional striatal abnormalities.” They then used artificial intelligence technology on resting state fMRI data to map striatal dysfunction at the individual level. The researchers showed, for the first time, that striatal dysfunction was effective in distinguishing schizophrenia patients and that such dysfunction was also responsible for poorer antipsychotic response. Based on the newly developed biomarker, the researchers extended their re
search to other neuropsychiatric disorders. They showed that individuals with bipolar disorder also showed striatal dysfunction that overlapped with the dysfunction associated with schizophrenia. After combining different levels of data, the researchers suggested that striatal dysfunction is related to the dopaminergic system and polygenic genetic risk for schizophrenia. The study also evaluated using this biomarker to predict diagnostic labels and treatment responses across several different hospitals. The scientists hope research on the biological underpinnings of psychiatric disorders will increase understanding of disease mechanisms as well as guide new drug development. medicalxpress.com Imaging markers developed to facilitate diagnosis and treatment of schizophrenia Around four in a thousand people worldwide suffer from schizophrenia, according to scientific estimates. The disease affects people from all walks of life, including _NAME_, the painter _NAME_, mathematician _NAME_ and _PERSON_..."
175875557,"Ive had it for a such long time, 10yrs, that I cant hide it anymore, its part of me and I know I will have it for the rest of my life. My extended family and friends mostly know now as I couldnt lie anymore by saying I am looking for a job or I am looking for a wife etc when they ask me such questions everytime they see me. My uncles and their family visited me in mental hospital so they were the first to know after my parents and brothers."
174323615,"I feel shyness can only be overcome if you find yourself in positions out of comfort and become resilient to them. This is hard for anybody with sz though because working or voluntary work is usually quite difficult to cope with. If you aren’t as badly affected by negative symptoms, perhaps working or volunteering is worth a shot?"
175875558,I was schzioaffective switched personality disorder dr took me off invega. I have seen shadows before thought was a person. Haven’t had any problem s with that since off invega and no hallucinations. I’m borderline and paranoid personality. I’m just on straterra helps me focus some less restless. No talk of any new antipsychotics at this point. Haldol was discussed in past but never put on it. May try lamictal mood stabilizer. I feel less bored with life after quitting invega 6months ago. I an enjoy hobbies more. I still have no peiord. I lost 12 months while on invega but hoping once prolactin lowers I lose another eight to ten pounds. I’m hoping I don’t need another antipsychotic and can just do therapy.
175875559,"Here in Arkansas USA it would be an indecent exposure charge and fleeing the police. I think they are both misdemeanor charges, but I’m not sure about that."
175875560,I haven’t had a psychiatrist in years. Don’t think they’re necessary and the world would be better for sz if more people were qualified without megaqualifications to prescribe medications. I see a nurse practitioner.
175875561,Invega makes me dream but there really simple dreams.
175875562,It took a good few weeks for it to start working for me. It’s been a good medication for me. I hope it works out well for you.
175875563,I understand. My grandpa probably isn’t going to make it through the next 48 hours. We will be sleeping at the hospital tonight. No one wants to die alone.
175875564,Thank you!
175875565,"Feeling like a failure is a sign that you have maladaptive core beliefs about yourself as a person. It’s not abnormal for _PERSON_’s to feel this way. However, I’d try accepting yourself as a person how you are in the moment, and understand that you need change. If I was you I’d look for a therapist to talk to. Find one that will let you validate your views of your difficulties as these feelings are important. Then you need to understand that there are skills that can be learned that will help you emerge from your suffering. There are tools out there to help you get through this. GL"
175875566,"How do you do this? Its fantastic,"
175875567,Stir fry for me too!
175875568,"I was on haldol when I got pregnant, stayed in it through pregmancy, and breastfed on it for 2 years. Worked well for me with no issues for baby."
175875569,"Because it always devolves into the same dog-and-pony show. And I wouldn’t exactly classify dishonesty as irrelevant. How do you have 3 to 5 delusions? How are you even aware of it? It makes no sense prima facie. If it discourages the user from posting more in the future, I’d be all for that! I just don’t mind confronting BS, where a lot of people here will sit back."
175875570,_AT_MENTION_ I am a similar build to you and my doctor refused me zyprexa on weight gain grounds
175875571,"Dang this post is killing me, cause I know I have some funny stories… just can’t think of any? that shows how blown my memory is"
175875572,I personally think it is some form of anxiety then. But I’m not an experienced pdoc. Perhaps they have come across sooo many patients that they are able to spot whose mildly psychotic and whose just got anxiety. So then giving you the ap is to prevent it becoming more severe and more difficult to treat. Doesn’t necessarily mean you are meant to be on it for life though… _AT_MENTION_
175875573,Fifteen cant get 7.5 and 5 cant get 2.5 because there is no such dosage ?
174323612,"No it doesn’t mean that. There are still identifiable chemical, cellular, structural and electrical changes in brains with sz, whether an individual case is more genetic, or more environmentally influenced. Those changes are what can be targeted with new treatments, and existing ones too."
175875574,I am doing better today. Seeing a new pdoc next Friday. Finally. Ha.
174323608,"In a way I think it’s unfair that some get more disability than others. I don’t quite understand that, since I get the minimum. I mean we are all at home not working, so why do some get more?"
175875575,No I don’t care what they think. I do get paranoid about possible enemies though.
175875576,I think they have national crisis lines that are open 24/7. You might check your phone book for that. Remember that there are people on this site who have been where you are. You can get through this.
175875577,"Yeah, it’s freeing to realize that it’s okay to grieve for what you have lost. Sorry that you are hurting. Abuse sucks."
175875578,"Agree to disagree friend I’d bet you a thousand bucks I don’t experience any delusions until I hit my 70s and get Parkinson’s or Alzheimer’s. You can go through all my posts and look for delusion, you won’t find any. Also, you could argue that everybody in the world, sz or not, is susceptible to psychosis by your logic, even if it’s a very small likelihood."
175875579,Hang in there. Maybe she’s alive but not able to communicate right now. She could be in hospital even.
175875580,My therapist told me everyone has some degree of mental illness. She said that comparing what we see with our own lives Is futile because we can’t see inside their heads. We don’t know other’s struggles. Especially people on forums and social media. People always put on a good face Here is the most real bunch of people I’ve seen. I haven’t seen anyone really try to pretend to be something they are not.
175875581,I like what you said here. So apropos of my life.
175875582,"LS! 1 Go to the gym to do cardio 2 Walk a lot: to the market, and to pick up my orders from iHerb and sneakers 3 Phone Mom"
175875583,Back after their hiatus _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
175875584,"Ok, but they will have to fight in order to stop the war people which just leads to more war. If they don’t then the war people will hurt or kill them. I understand what you are trying to do and appreciate it. I just don’t see how it would work without more casualties."
175875585,Think is was just my phone. Wiped all the cookies and logged back in. Things seem better now
175875586,Mentally ill people can be violent. But most are more likely to be victims of crimes. I guess it really depends on the type of illness and diagnosis. I agree with _AT_MENTION_ and think he could have been playing with the police.
175875587,"I’m surprised more voice hearers have not engaged in this post. Is it because they think their voices come from the supernatural rather than as mentioned in this study a dissociative part of the self, or with the example I use where a scientific study said voices are what the hearer expects to hear?"
175875588,they say anti psychotics block dopamine. but they also say using laptops and such causes dopamine. so is there a uniquely adverse effect on schizophrenics if they use laptops and cellphones and such too much?
175875589,"Brilliant! But yeah, needs a trigger warning"
175875590,i haven’t showered since wed. to nite i clean up so i don’t have to do it in the morning.
175875591,"Can’t remember who it’s from but “write drunk, _USER_ID_ sober”"
175875592,"I’m blessed to have a mother who loves to cook, so we’ll have a traditional feast on Thanksgiving. I’ll help out where I can – skin the taters, stir the gravy . I’m not very useful in the kitchen, but I try."
175875593,"I see a therapist once a month, my case manager once a month and my psychiatrist every other month. Plus a peer support specialist once a month"
174323614,"Hello all friends, I ask this question for some male schizophrenia patients in China. He take Olanzapine but this cause impotence, take Aripiprazole but Aripiprazole can’t control positive/negative symptoms. So which antipsychotic medicine can help him and no side effect as impotence? Many thanks for your suggestions."
174323606,"For me, I requested my mum to bring me to see a physiatrist before I had more and more symptoms of schizophrenia at the age of 17 but she never did, she even replied saying, “Your second aunt said that physiatrist is fake one” (then diagnosed as schizophrenia while serving half of the full-term national service which is 19 years old) It depends on the individual. It’s hard to tell unless you did something. Also, depending on what “stage” your sister is in, certain words might need to be refrained from talking to her depending on what stage she is at. From my knowledge, even an almost fully recovered schizophrenia patient (verified by the doctor as almost nearest to a normal person) do not just help everyone around by speaking whatever pieces of advice that comes to mind (except for what helped them in key points format [because if she perceived it another way around rather than what you meant, you will harm her and the damage will also depend on what “Stage” she is in]) But you maybe 
can first try to talk her in and when out of options, must do it the hard way and pray hard, hoping that her condition can be suppressed by a little bit from the medication the doctors give her. My scenario is the very bad “stage”, that’s for the worst-case scenario. There are too many points needs to be attended to, but if you really intend to help her to the fullest, please try to spend more time with her [appropriately], appropriately I mean by, encourage her at times, talk logically into her by using logical to break down why her delusion is really false, ask her what caused her delusions, like any event or experiences she had, praise her for things she did well, give her lots of ample time than what a normal person needs. For me, recovery goes by phase, in what phase she will need different things. In short and simple yet complex, Love her correctly. I am writing these from my experiences of myself and what I observed. I don’t know if this helps or is it scaring you but I can only say nothing is 
certain and definite until you do something and see the outcome then use whatever resources you can to help her. Lastly, don’t be very pessimistic, at least have a glimpse of hope."
175875594,"I always get morning ones, but I immediately lose when I stand up"
175875595,"I would be afraid to choke on the peel, plus it would not taste very good."
174323619,"I had self control issues from Abilify, addiction to weed, drinking, shopping, gambling, sex and eating."
175875596,I need a group therapy for social skills. I’ve lost most of my ability and desire to socialize in person I
175875597,I know that sounds contradictory but it’s true. I have been so numb to life that a little bit of hope was painful. I’m working on deep breathing and being more positive in general. Some pains are good. When I was first hospitalized the doctor said “Was it a good pain or a bad pain?”
175875598,Use today for good You’re feeling better You aren’t faking You’re strong I love you
175875599,Actually I find posts that complain about what they can’t post on this site unnecessary because there’s nothing they can do about it. If you don’t understand the rules someone here will explain them. If you do understand and choose to argue anyway you aren’t going to win. There is actually a lot you can talk about here and you do get support. The posts that are for fun are in the lounge section. Why don’t you just not read them? Part of staying healthy includes having down time. So what if people want to talk about other parts of their lives. If you want to rant about something I don’t think this is the place…
174323621,Only if pdocs say so and most did
175875600,Thank you _USER_ID_
175875601,Thanks for the feedback!! _AT_MENTION_
175875602,It wasn’t NASA it was the Pentagon
175875603,Thank you so much for your reply! ??
175875604,its ok to think negatively. just dont listen to you thoughts… like listen to them like to the radio in a background
174323623,"Hi everyone My doctor told me that some people have recovered from a schizoaffective bipolar type. Although I had several relapses over years ago, my doctor said that in two years he will remove the drugs. I want to make it clear that I am free of symptoms, I practice sports and have interests and friends. Has your doctor given you hopes for drug withdrawal in the future?"
174323624,Thinking positive has its limits and it can’t cure something like schizophrenia and negative symptoms.
175875605,I keep it pretty simple. I take: Multivitamin Vitamin D3 EPA fish oil (prescription strength) Probiotic capsule
175875606,Oh no feel better _AT_MENTION_!
174323626,"I am in an earlier stage of psychosis I presume. My psychiatrist told me that I can recover if I am treated now. According to him, it was not “full-blown” yet. My plan… well I am on antipsychotics. They have been beneficial, truly. I am on aripiprazole (2mg) at the moment, to eventually increase to around 15mg. I still feel like my usual eccentric self."
175875607,My chore game is on point.
175875608,"I never did anything crazy as far as I know. I always had self-control but had severe anxiety and fear like extreme chronic debilitating DP/DR from possible trauma (at least I think it’s real to me in my head). In 2015, I was at the hospital and tried going home with my dad and I didn’t want to live. I somehow regained my sanity. I made it to the parking lot and went back in. I was scared of the staff, doctors, and patients. I wanted to leave and go to a different facility. I thought there was a major conspiracy against me. I sometimes still do…but I don’t know. I tried to commit suicide back in 2015 at the hospital but couldn’t do it. I was paranoid like 100/10. I feared for my life. That was the only time. I mainly feel special and important or want to be but am a nobody. I never made it in life. I think that’s why I share and talk on these forums and make videos because I think I’m I know stuff and am a part of something big like I have the secrets of the universe in my head, but I 
don’t. I’m reminded of the movie ‘Mr. Nobody’. That I’m really a nobody even though I wish I was a somebody and think I knew a lot about reality and physics and the universe and predict the news somewhat and the future somewhat, but I don’t know. I guess I rather be a nobody and safe and normal than rich and famous and have lots of women all over me haha. The doctor irresponsbility put me on Adderall back in 2015 at the height of my fear and paranoia, which ruined my chances of ever trying it again. I’m afraid of it. I also think they were a trashy hospital and facility now, looking back. Even though it was private and cool back in the days. Not anymore. I don’t remember much of college or my childhood. I have experienced multiple parallel lives and consciousness transfer and get visions of past lives or possible futures or parallel lives in other dimensions all the time which screw with my delusions and reality testing. I often think of the tv show ‘Travelers’. Maybe that’s what happene
d to me. Maybe I escaped death by probability or something and it irked me and scared me. Maybe I was suppose to die in 2011 and aliens/AI or mind uploading changed my destiny/fate by avoiding certain things, _NAME_, and quantum events changing via visions. Same thing happened in 2015 at the hospital. I think the patients and possibly staff tried ‘scaring me’ back then or it was a larger conspiracy. It could have been trash talking, my letter, or smoking too many cigarettes and the corruption in the world and everything all all focal points were leading to my demise. They were converging. I survived. Maybe I suffered some fate in a past life and remembered it. I don’t like talking about certain things, but I can or did predict the future many, many times before in my past lives. I think I was in a time loop or even a causal loop and escaped the simulation and worked with aliens or at least talked to them in my other lives. Sometimes they helped me and other times I eternally pissed them off. Same thing 
with me believing in the Matrix code or laws of physics sort of protecting me. But the physics or code or whatnot can only protect me so much due to mandela effect and butterfly effect. When I was at the hospital it felt like ‘Final Destination’ movie the horror movie where quantum physics was ??????? with me and I couldn’t avoid my fate and I was going to die. Luckily, I survived. I saw the premonitions millions of times. I think psychosis gives me abiltiies, but not really, I guess. I’m still scared a lot of times. I have accepted Christ into my life and no longer have many fears of dying anymore. I started getting extremely paranoid around 2014, culminating in 2015, and seeing ufos in 2016, and healing/getting better since 2017."
175875609,Trigger warning I’m starting to really think there’s a portal to the other side in my bedroom over my bed I can’t see it but I’m seeing things I know that should be dead in there
175875610,"I was housed in a forensic ward for 2 weeks years ago - while they assessed me for GBH. And i can assure you - i was so glad when they deemed it wasnt my MI - and sent me to a Cat B Prison. Your literally treated like a dog in those places, at least in a normal jail you get rec time and social etc."
175875611,I don’t know. I am in fear for my life. And I don’t know if I can have him back. I want to be able to go back to normal but I’m too afraid.
175875612,If they were to give you a super high does you could get nms.
174323630,"for me, as a schizoaffective, i often get an increased mood and have a harder time sleeping. sometimes just missing a dose will do that, sometimes not."
175875613,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875614,"“Society” really doesn’t affect my day. I go to work in my car and if someone tailgates me or zips by me it’s not because of society it’s because that individual is an as*hole. There’s a heck of a lot of nice people out there but if the guy or girl in the car ahead of me at the drive-thru restaurant is staring at me it’s because that person is a loser. And I may have to put up with them for sixty seconds and then they’re gone. Concentrating or obsessing about huge, cosmic, vague, or imaginary problems like the concept of “society” is counterproductive. Worry more about your own immediate needs and your own life and what steps you can take to improve it. I’m not say there aren’t a lot of idiots and as*holes out there, but why focus on them? You see some idiot out there who may laugh at you or make a comment but 5 minutes later they’re gone out of your life and then some nice person next to you will just let you alone and someone else will smile at you. Just live your life, 
find something you can do."
174323629,"It’s been great for me. Did give me TD, but not bad enough to treat. I’d rather have tics than psychosis."
174323622,"clozaril isn't gonna be ready today, maybe tomorrow"
174323631,"My first diagnosis was Major depression, recurrent and severe. My second diagnosis was bipolar. My third and current diagnosis (for the last 25 years), has been schizoaffective bipolar type."
175875615,"any psychoactive drug is no good for mental illness especially if you arent 100% sure that its pure it could be anything, even pure mdma is highly psychoactive comparable to meth and even some hallucinogens"
175875616,"Thank you for your kind words. I’m not too bothered by possibility that we might be living in an alien simulation. Perhaps the word “simulation” was the wrong choice to describe my beliefs, more centred on philosophical and religious themes. I have experienced both DR and DP but this is different, I’m close to believing that I co-created the universe with the devil."
175875617,wow dude i hope youre alright
175875618,I have never seen a check in my life… Except in American movies. Sounds like a very tedious system.
175875619,"Hmm. Nothing Is Greater Than Nothing’s Nothingness. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic) P.s. And I Sang, I Sang, I Love Her, I Love Her, As I Sang, And Sang, And Sang, And Sang!."
175875620,You don’t have to justify yourself. You’re not under any obligation to do what others here think will help you. And no one thinks you have it easy. I think me and some others just get annoyed that you only post about all of your worries. You seem obsessed by them and uninterested in everything else here. And as for whether or not slow progress is good enough - Yes it is. But it still may not be enough.
174323627,What dose you started on
175875621,I love it so much
175875622,"I got it last week, it just finish peeling, just moisturizing with this Wild Willies Tatto Butter, really good stuff. When i go back in two months i want him to put some more cracks in skulls, fill in the some lighter blacks in bottom, everything else im happy with it. Also he gave me good price too. his a great artist and gives good prices. 20210510_1426263096×4128 2.65 MB"
175875623,I don't use one but I need to. I even have one back at my apartment
175875624,"Since starting loxapine, my liver numbers went up. Not good. A rare side effect of loxapine is liver damage. I’m not sure if it’s the loxapine or not. But my primary dr wants me to talk to my psychiatrist about it. Just wanted to warn everyone."
175875625,Thanks very much everhopeful
175875626,I think melatonin and chamomile.
174323632,sounds like a good idea.
175875627,"No one . . One is about Pregnancy delusions, one is about Prolactin And, Maternal behavior . . And, this one tells my full story and, why this is important, to me . ."
175875628,"Well, i had several dreams that came true. And often my delusions have a small core of reality that gets all twisted and exaggerated and metaphorical into a story others find crazy. They dont recognize the core that is true. It needs translation. It helped me to see what they came from. Not always though. I really dont think there is a portal in my bedroom. Or my friend was secretly torturing my son. Or the elevator in my apartment building had buttons to access different levels of heaven and hell. Lots of it is ????????."
175875629,Ok. Sorry _AT_MENTION_
175875630,"Depends, do you manage to take your pills every day? If not, you might be better served by an injection. Your doctor should respect you, but you might not be providing him a good enough reason. If you have troubles with compliance and need an injection to make sure you have a steady dose of medicine, tell him thats what you want. I find doctors and my medical team to be pretty reasonable people. If I was very forgetful about taking my pills I would definitely suffer, and if you do suffer from this, please make your case."
175875631,Slept well with no dreams Only minor voices today Feels good to be home after a trip
175875632,"I pay for Medicare. Straight Medicare doesn’t cover meds. So I pay for a Medicare advantage plan and it offers med coverage. But lots of meds have copays. Then, once the amount I pay AND the amount the Medicare advantage plan pays for my meds combined reaches $3750, I go into the donut hole as they call it and have to pay half the cost of all my meds until I reach the catastrophic phase and I pay less again. All Medicare advantage plans work like that."
175875633,Ok I will try to stay on meds then.
175875634,"in the unlikely event of that happening the smoke alarms would go off instantly as long as they still work, you should have a co2 alarm as well, i just had mine checked, its ok, you just press the button on it and it makes a noise which means its working"
175875635,My brother is like this. Tried to throw me out of my mums house cos he didn’t want a mental person there. I just ignore him and see less of him since I moved down the road
175875636,He’s addicted to YouTube I remember him last saying lol
175875637,But iam not still sure I was imagining it but the crowd of people was super real to me
175875638,Cutting out sweets for 21 days
175875639,I wonder if it’s something else. My dr was thinking 10 mg is not enough but was willing to let me try. What else can cause brain freeze or lack of clarity?
175875640,Maybe when you do some character research about who you are. There are some questionnaires on the net. I done lots of them. 2a552254ef9cc8c9b2965b720aabccb5.jpg 902×870 84.7 KB
175875641,YouTube has a good recommendation algorithm.
175875642,"I hope everything will work out for you very soon. I’m sorry for abandoning you. Gotta get that sleep, it’s 1AM here."
175875643,"Stressful day. Saw my thyroid doc and my psychiatrist. Both went well. My TSH is good, and my meds aren't changing. My psychiatrist said I was doing well, also said I do better with structure without pressure, and the reason school was so bad for me was because it's structure with pressure."
175875644,_AT_MENTION_ you’re more than welcome here. You’re an important part of the community.
175875645,"I did take my prescribed, but of the supplements, only the multivitamin, so far."
175875646,Probably a takeaway from the Chinese. House special chow mein and a pancake roll.
175875647,Yes. I thought I was being telepathically inducted into some secret service. To be a spy so secret all communication was telepathically done. The following day I was involuntarily hospitalized !
175875648,You are not alone in your anxiety… but that anxiety has prevented you from receiving much needed dental care. Modern dentistry is safe and painless. You can work yourself up or conquer your fears. Your choice. Not having proper dental care is more likely to cause serious injury to your dental and medical health. Find a compassionate dentist who is highly-recommended and treats phobic patients and you can get past this obstacle and be healthier and happier for it. All the best.
174323642,hi it’s been 2 months and things have gotten worse since then!! i didn’t try any other medication and i don’t know how to deal with all that. i see my doctor in 2 days
175875649,"Eat right, stay active. Work or volunteer."
175875650,Superb drawing !
175875651,Thanks _NAME_. I will try to continue normally today. I messaged my PDoc.
175875652,20200420_2215473024×4032 3.59 MB
174323647,No more caplyta for me. It made me exhausted. Had trouble staying out of bed for even short periods of time I contacted my doc early and got the ok. Back to just the abilify.
175875653,It’s only 25mg which is really low dose
175875654,"Moons, gives people the finger, won’t eat and is generally uncooperative."
175875655,"I take Metamucil and a probiotic daily in the afternoon. At least 2 hours either after morning meds or before night, because it can affect drug absorption. The gastroenterologist recommended it to me. Have been and still sometimes have issues that meet the ibs description. I take melatonin for sleep."
174323634,"Encouraging post, and well written"
174323636,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875656,I have acute pancreatitis with gastroparesis flare and major dehydration. No cancer or abscesses. Liver is okay. Low potassium and magnesium. I’m gonna live! Lol some minor changes to diet.
175875657,Thanks It’s always nice to hear.
175875658,Ok… please give me that or I’m going to steal it
175875659,"Hey thanks a lot for the reply (and others, too). I actually stopped risperdal on august. The only med I take now is Adderal. And no I did not have my libido back it’s been 8 months now I’m terribly worried… I had a blood sample which states that my prolactin level is normal, but maybe my neurones are damages because of the interaction. It’s hard to say if I have more a low libido than a erectile dysfonxtion, I would say both but the real problem is that I almost can’t have erection erection anymore… The psychiatrist just says that it’s psychologic…take my for an idiot."
175875660,"But when you have sz, no one sends you flowers and call you dangerous. The world is a biased, ?????? up place."
174323641,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov A Proof-of-Concept Study Evaluating the Phosphodiesterase 10A Inhibitor PF-_PHONE_NO_ in the Adjunctive Treatment of Suboptimally Controlled Symptoms of Schizophrenia. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and A _PERSON_, Journal of clinical psychopharmacology , Jun 2019 11 Effective treatments for managing suboptimal clinical responses to current therapy for schizophrenia remain a critical unmet need. Phosphodiesterase 10A (PDE10A) inhibition represents a mechanistically novel approach to the treatment of schizophrenia, with preclinical studies suggesting improvements in partially responsive symptoms could be achieved via adjunctive use of the PDE10A inhibitor PF-_PHONE_NO_. Therefore, the adjunctive safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and efficacy of multiple repeat doses of PF-_PHONE_NO_ were investigated in a phase 1b study and subsequent phase 2 study.The phase 1b study randomized 37 adult patients with stable symptomatology and stable antipsychotic re
gimens within 3 cohorts. Study participants received ascending doses of PF-_PHONE_NO_ or placebo for 10 to 18 days. The phase 2 study randomized 240 outpatients with stable symptomatology but suboptimal response to current antipsychotic regimens 1:1:1 to PF-_PHONE_NO_ 5 mg, PF-_PHONE_NO_ 15 mg, or placebo every 12 hours for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy end point of the phase 2 study was change in the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale total score from baseline to week 12, with changes in other clinical assessments as secondary end points.Treatment was well tolerated, and observed PF-_PHONE_NO_ exposures were within the range predicted to be adequate for demonstrating efficacy. However, no significant differences in the prespecified efficacy end points between the 2 PF-_PHONE_NO_ treatment arms and placebo were observed.Current data and results of a prior monotherapy study in which PF-_PHONE_NO_ failed to differentiate from placebo refute the hypothesis that PDE10A inhibitors have use as antipsychotic agen
ts for schizophrenia."
175875661,"Hmm. I Will One Day Meet Snow White. Without Her Friends Hopefully. I Already Wrote Three Long Essays To The King Where Snow White Resides. Asking For His Permission To Impregnate My Future Wife To Be. So We Can Rule (Together), For Eternity. It’s A Longshot i Know!. But!, With Her Hand In Marriage, And I As Her Captain. The Universe…, Will…, Be In It’s Final Resting Place. IN PEACE (!!!). Selah!."
175875662,That does sound scary glad you didn’t get hurt
175875663,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875664,Few delusions don’t make psychosis do they
175875665,"My friend bought it from a website, I think he has a medical card for CBD weed, he has anxiety disorder and depression, was suicidal. His meds aren’t really working and he got erectile dysfunction from meds. It was shipped to his house lol"
175875666,"Psychiatric Times French Scientists and My Grandfather: A Story of Thorazine An antipsychotic changed the life of not only 1 man, but an entire family."
175875667,"Good times, bad times, good thinking process, bad thinking process. Remember to listen to positive nature voices too. Not only whats in you."
175875668,I hate sza. No peace
175875669,LS! For today: 1 Go to the gym for my strength training 2 Pick up my medication at the pharmacy 3 Get a visit from my 86 year old Mom
175875670,I thought you had stated risperdal was helping you in those areas
175875671,Tactile by far. Ive seen and heard things but I couldnt imagine how scary anything touching me that isnt real would be
175875672,"I live with my husband and our kids, so I was independent enough to have all that happen. BUT, I don’t: have a job, have money to spend even on family things without asking first and showing a receipt after (that was something we both set up when I was well because I made such poor choices with full access to family money), have access to my own medications (same situation as money) aside from a dose at a time and afterwards my mouth is checked, pay bills, do taxes, cook/use the stove or oven, or many other “adult tasks”. I DO: record everything I do everyday (for memory and orientation), drive, supervise our kids (teens/tweens, so they don’t need much), and probably other things I’ve forgotten. I’m just having a pity party about Meds and money. I guess I do have a lot of independence."
175875673,"My therapist does all that!! I never told her I appreciated her, but I get connected to professionals then they leave; it’s expected. She is never angry with me and that means a lot. She is a very compassionate human being"
175875674,"I’m lost, I must have missed that. _NAME_ says there’s bu-llsh-it everywhere."
175875675,I am pretty sure you can’t read my mind so you can cross that one off
175875676,"en.wikipedia.org Psychomotor retardation Psychomotor retardation involves a slowing-down of thought and a reduction of physical movements in an individual. Psychomotor retardation can cause a visible slowing of physical and emotional reactions, including speech and affect. Psychomotor retardation is most-commonly seen in people with major depression and in the depressed phase of bipolar disorder; it is also associated with the adverse effects of certain drugs, such as benzodiazepines. Particularly in an inpatient setting, psychomoto..."
175875677,"MY Mental Health Journey Tip: I have to Take MY Medication Daily as Prescribed By MY Doctor!!! I Can't Stop Because I Am Having a Good Day or Just Because I want to, without first Consulting My Mental Health Team of Providers (My Psychiatrist and My Therapist). Many say experience is the best Teacher, but I beg to differ and would suggest that The Experience of others is a better Teacher, or at least it can lessen some of the bruises ... lol ... You know what I am saying ... In other words I know from experience what abruptly stopping my medications can do ... So learn from my experience ... It will save you the embarrassment, shame, _USER_ID_, etc. ... okay??? Peace Love, _PERSON_ #thereisaplaceforspiritualityfaithandmedication"
175875678,Maybe in the future they’ll invent something better
175875679,I want to give out candy on halloween
175875680,I'm sorry you're struggling erti... that must be a terrible place to be.
175875681,"Thank you all. I find it so hard to move on. I just thought this.My delusions also crumbled towards the end of hearing voices and this might also be the cause. Let’s see they were; I used to think all TVs could actually be turned into a big camera and the screen was the camera lens, I figured out the voices were lying. I used to think I had to join the _NAME_ and I arranged to meet one of my voices and join, but he never showed. This could be why I’m not hearing voices anymore but I’m just not sure."
174323640,"Yeah, I grew up in apartments and I know you just have tune out loud or annoying neighbors. I did it all through high school. Can I blame it on my schizophrenia? It’s just as well, 10 minutes later I walked past my door and the neighbor lady came over and warned me the guy is drunk. It’s just as well because as a recovering addict I don’t go in bars, I don’t go where drugs are and I don’t hang around anyone who drinks or does drugs."
175875682,"i had a coffee at the cafe (as usual) went to my clubhouse and made our teaser video Live and shared it, went to my Cleaning Tep and discussed doing more hours met with a friend for a chat i wasnt very good yesterday tbh bc a few people had been discussing my private life and i felt like everyone was going to know about it but despite that i managed to get on with things"
175875683,"Sounds like a plan _PERSON_. I hope it helps. I imagine just taking low doses for a short period would be okay. Then as you get use to the Zoloft, you probably wouldn't be having the side effects any more. Best wishes with this and keep us posted so we know how things are going. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175875684,"Have fun, stay safe and have good time. Dont worry just take breather when you feel nervous, i also feel nervous in stores too, just remeber theres more good people than bad people out there nothing to worry about."
175875685,I make a list of my things I want to talk about with my pdoc because I get stressed out and forgetful. You aren’t alone.
175875686,"Hi there, it sounds like you are starting to look within to start healing which is the first step!! Good for you. I would definitely find a counselor and there are some very good books to read. _PERSON_ Brown has alot of wonderful books on shame and The Body Keeps the Score is an excellent book on Trauma. Im here if you need to chat. Stay safe and be well."
175875687,As what the psychologist said i should not have left i feel guilty now but i just wanted to feel i have my life back … it mighr have been the wrong thing to do but I haven’t learned any other way … 35 years of learning doesn’t just get erased in months or weeks… im annoyed but I hope with treatment i can start feeling better
175875688,I feel like you need to go into the hospital and adjust your meds. How are you able to take care of your kids if you’re preoccupied with this idea all day and night?
175875689,I ain’t afraid of the coronavirus because I ain’t afraid of dying any more.
175875690,"Me they tell me to kill myself to enjoy heaven faster. I tried 3 times but my parents caught me vomiting from Tylenol intoxication and overdose, they brought me to the emergency. My psy accused me of suicide like if I was a criminal."
175875691,Glad you are working with your doctor. Good luck with everything.
175875692,I guess she’s suspended.
174323643,Good luck with it! I just can’t go on only pills. I’m not compliant. It’s far too easy to forget to take them. For example I forgot my Abilify the past few days and have had psychotic thoughts. I’m glad I could get my shot today before I went too far i to psychosis. I’ll just try to fi d a way to deal with the side effects.
175875693,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175875694,"My ex played big time into it. I played for a day and my ex was like ""nope you're getting too addicted"" and cut me off lmao."
175875695,Yeah I've been playing a lot of _NAME_ odyssey and _NAME_ kart 8
175875696,Hi My cholesterol is apparently too high to fix with exercise or diet. Has anyone else been given tablets for it? Mine was 7.2 which I was told is very high and likely genetic. I am only 32.
175875697,"I am an aspiring writer, also. I’ve written a few short stories, and am qorking on a novel. My advice is to just keep writing. I have periods where everything I write is terrible and I end up deleting it all afterwards. I have periods where I struggle to get out a single sentence. But if you keep doing it, a little every day, you will eventually have something good. You are 19. That is so incredibly young. You have decades left to write a book. For now, just concentrate on getting into the habit of writing every day. Some days you will hate everything you write. Some days you will love it. For your delusion of being judged, I struggled with that a lot in my youth. My solution was a change of perspective. Instead of being afraid of the judgment of unseen eyes, I turned my activities into a performance. Like “ohh, look at this super cool and dedicated writer, sitting down to work on a novel against such incredible adversity! What an inspiration for others. They are being booed and heckled by voic
es, and they stick with it!” If you can’t come up with any words for your story, just work on your outline. Write down the major points of the book, then add smaller details about how they will happen. A good outline makes a huge difference in my ability to write."
174323645,It’s not being able to do the stuff that the normal people do. I can’t work in any capacity. So that means my chance of a relationship is next to nil. Schizophrenia started at 14 so I never had much of a chance. Still I had a few sweethearts and not real girlfriends. I wish I had explored that more but I was very shy and I don’t know how I coped as well as I did.
175875698,"Same thing with me, sz symptoms hit me gradually starting at age 15."
175875699,Better than me...I meant to goto the store today but I forgot and slept in too late....now I have to eat fettuccine in red pepper sauce which I did not particularly like or go out to get tacos or something.
175875700,"No,never was very flexible"
175875701,That is beautiful!
175875702,I tried to download regular Pepsi. The file was too big.
175875703,"I’ve become endeared to many of the posters here. I know you are all still aquaintences, but there’s a piece of my heart which considers most of you to be like my extended family. This site has guided me through troubled waters while I was psychotic. I’m glad I stumbled on to this forum years ago and realized I’m not alone with my nutty affliction."
174323646,"Good luck and I hope you don’t get serious side effects like me. Abilify improved my negatives by 30-40% when I was on 25mg, max dose is 30mg."
175875704,"i can some yoga positions to do at home. i used to go on classes, its better when you have a teacher."
175875705,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875706,I wonder if many of us like to eat more because theses meds block dopamine and doesn’t eating starchy high calorific foods raise dopamine? Just a thought. Not a conclusion…
175875707,"In any case, you’d do yourself a favour by stop obsessing over it. Put it aside, and do something else to keep your mind off."
175875708,Very splorange of you
175875709,Are you still having anxiety? When do you discuss that with your T?
175875710,"I don’t feel too good about this site either. _AT_MENTION_ For quite a long time I have always be friendly and helpful to others but when I was bullied by a member here last year, very very very few people stood up for me, as if I was not a good and respected member of this community. Now I’'m still be nice and positive about interacting with the members here but I won’t forget what I had once been treated from this site."
175875711,Good luck! 1515
175875712,"Thanks. That’s relieving to read. Anyway, I will probably go to a doc soon."
175875713,"I’m a worrier, too. I don’t know what to do about it."
175875714,I’m working until 6pm and then I have a bike ride planned with friends. Should be a nice day. I need to lead a group at work today so that takes a little extra work.
175875715,Weddings are a waste. Just elope and put that $$$ into a house.
175875716,"Your water is very expensive. Ours is too but we usually have 5 people in the house now so more showers, more dishes, more laundry and more consumption of water"
175875717,What symptoms are you experiencing ?
175875718,That’s really good keep it up we would like to see more
175875719,I started using My Fitness Pal to chart my food and steps. I think it is helping me to at least make better food choices and work towards staying under 1500 calories a day. I eat three meals though.
175875720,when did gmail start?
175875721,The problem is if I quit work I will lose my place to live and get into debt
175875722,You are no more special than me or the guy/girl next door. What makes you believe such nonsense? People are busy living their lives. Most of the planet doesn’t even know you exist.
175875723,"_AT_MENTION_ Hmmm…food for thought! Thank you! Right now, I’m wondering if it can make me manic!"
174323649,Rectus?! Damn near killed us.
175875724,I dropped out of uni before 3rd year. I was studying Biology. I dropped out because I had my first psychotic episode that summer.
175875725,I’m so depressed lately.
175875726,_AT_MENTION_ what is the title of the movie?
175875727,I got an Associates degree post diagnosis. I already had a masters degree though. I worked some in 2017 mostly full time but I had trouble. I was late a lot. I worked some in 2018. And I went back to work full time March 17th of this year. So far so good. Haven’t been late yet. It takes time. You have to be stable. I have to have a little stress. No stress is boring. I have to be challenged.
175875728,How can it be escaped?
175875729,Do you hear the tv talking about you? Do you hear people around you talking about you?
175875730,I mean if u get a good lawyer
175875731,"I understand you feeling the way you do. I’ve broken up with men also. It’s been many years and now, when I see how men are, I feel like I didn’t appreciate them enough. The men I broke up with, are so much better than the men I’ve met since. But I understand how you feel. And I know, you said you just want to be alone. If you don’t have a problem with men harassing you, maybe you’ll be alright. I’d rather have the protection."
175875732,"I used Klonopin daily for a year and it did help me with anxiety, however it didn’t help me sleep (but maybe I wasn’t on a high enough dose for that). After about a year it caused me to start spasming/jerking (mildly) in bed, I was fine throughout the day but once I crawled into bed, after about 15 minutes lying there, my body would spasm every 5 -10 minutes, at different intervals so I quit it. Quitting was hard, had to do a slow 4 month taper and still had 3 weeks of withdrawal effects. It’s fine to take as needed but I wouldn’t recommend it daily for a long period of time."
175875733,"What constitutes effort then? I got better with only mental effort it seems. I went from seeing hordes of monsters every hour to one episode a month. Sadly these circumstances are rare apparently. Actually it just came to me. Back when I was psychotic I was under stress from studies, an office job and parents. Nowdays I have no stress at all being unemployed. This is probably the real reason why it is easier for me to control myself."
175875734,oh yea… it’s ok though… you are not evil because of that. I do hope you eat enough though…
175875735,"I’m very bad at it too, so much so that il resort to physical violence, because I can’t damage them verbally, so il think about hurting them"
175875736,Cymbalta is used to help with major depression and assists with nerve pain. HT
175875737,It’s for bi polar but I presume those with sz aff take it. Be careful of advice on the internet and you should be talking to your psydoc about these types of things. It’s an early medication and they’ve others since then that probably have better side effect profiles.
175875738,I hope increasing med will help your voice. God bless you.
175875739,"I have it bad. My brain is inflamed and stressed out, and it gives me these thoughts of this life experience being mostly fake. My brain is overstimulated from the stress and processing too much data, and it’s mostly garbage data, so my brain is generating a garbage narrative with it, and it’s making my life miserable. My only hopes are anti-inflammatories, antipsychotics, and the right nutrition to heal my brain, to reduce my stress and make my brain work at the normal rate of speed."
175875740,Dammit no! …
175875741,That is very good!
175875742,"I ordered a _NAME_ amiibo card from Amazon, so I finally get to have him move onto my island in Animal Crossing: New Horizons!! I’ve always wanted him, ever since I started playing New Leaf many years ago. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175875743,Hugs...sorry about the migraine.....
175875744,Then since you don’t care about anyone but yourself I’m going to ignore you
175875745,I am feeling badly again and I think I might try to do an IOP again. Crap.
175875746,Ask them to calm down.
175875747,Can't say that I know much about it. I see this is your first post on PC. Welcome. I hope you find PC to be of benefit.
175875748,I surely hope he’ll be ok.
175875749,if i would have known when i was 14 that smoking weed would be the thing that triggers my psychosis i wouldve stayed far away from it
174323652,"Abilify made me hypersexual. I could have sex 6 times a day, I was addicted to sex."
175875750,I will try and call someone today
175875751,"time will tell, a chemical imbalance can’t be proved"
175875752,"I better see your situation now with the drug interaction part. Net says there are MAO Inhibitors that can help depression, but that certain foods have to be avoided or it can increase blood pressure. It says these meds are rarely used except when the others do not work, or something like that. It said the other possible treatment (CBT?) that you mentioned in another thread has only been approved by the FDA in a couple of lesser known situations. You said, ""Klonopin helps for the most part but would love to find something that is not a benzo. If Klonopin is my only option left, I will go with it because it’s really all that’s helped me so far."" I take Ativan tranquilizer everyday for a physical problem and I do not like to take it, either. But it keeps me functioning so I'm glad that I have it."
175875753,Very pretty. I like it.
175875754,"How do you feel mentally? Like headspace? Here I'll paste the message that I posted on reddit.. ""I couldn't even read text when I was having a panic attack and this is a long post so you don't have to read it. First off, It's really hard to explain. I have a lot of family support and support of friends and a good doctor. I realize the exact moment when a panic attack would start. I'd feel ""weird"" and then I'd look at the digital clock on my computer and see if I focus on the hole of a ""9"" or one of the two holes of an ""8"" and then I'd know. When I look now, I see the whole time such as ""4:22PM"". When I have a panic attack, it's like I've completely lost my cognitive ability to reason or function. My heart beats fast, I keep checking to know where my things are. I'd stare at my wallet and make sure that it is still physically there.. present... I look at it and decide what the function of the wallet is and my mind would be blank. After making sure all my things such as phone, wallet, meds, 
smokes are where I know they are, I go to take 1-2mg Ativan. It takes 15-30 minutes for it to kick in and then I'm fine. When they were bad, I'd be shaking violently and I'd tell my mom. I'd say I would want to go to the hospital because I can't take the panic attacks anymore and need intense therapy and she wouldn't let me go. Sometimes she'd get my dad on the phone and he'd make me laugh and just talk to me while the Ativan kicks in. That ""feeling"" of mental anxiety where I say ""I'm going to die"" or my inner thoughts saying ""**** dude.. you're having a panic attack"" and then I'd say to myself ""Wtf no I'm not. What are you talking about?"" and usually there'd be a song playing in my head and it would really **** me up, my brain would trick myself into having a panic attack because I know that it has happened before. Once I realize that it's not a big deal to feel out of touch with my reasoning and that it's ok and that I'm in a safe environment and that I'll be ok and that I have benzos just in case, 
I know that there's nothing to worry about. Part of it was because I was living in a small basement sweet and got claustrophobic but now I live in a bigger house where I don't feel so trapped. I've been doing more things to occupy my mind etc.. I think the panic attacks started because I was getting out of a deep depressive state and didn't cope well with the big change of moving to a place that isn't in the middle of nowhere where there's things to do. Also I have extremely severe cardiophobia and I don't even have a heart condition. My doctor let me take two beta blockers a day every 12 hours so my heart beats slower. It reassures me that my heart is fine. Also I feel that I've changed a lot and I'm more aware now that I'm almost 23. Maybe my brain is more developed and I can make better decisions and trust my thoughts more instead of anxious thoughts and worrying about things that aren't true and false dangers."" You've had panic attacks before I did and I was like ""How does _PERSON_ have panic attacks? W
hat are they exactly.."". Now I know exactly what they are but I'm not sure if they were normal panic attacks idk.. Instead like an alien autistic panic attack.."
175875755,"Thinking of having some _PERSON_ Irish Cream. Not sure if I should though. I'm in a bad mood, I feel aggravated for some reason _USER_ID_: I ended up getting a glass of it. Alcohol generally doesn't put me in a bad mood so I should be okay, it won't make things worse"
175875756,"Over the past few days I’ve been restless and I’ve been having dark thoughts. Thoughts about how I don’t deserve to be here, don’t deserve to eat, don’t deserve sleep. Thoughts about self-harm. I feel a need to cut. And I came to the realisation that although I haven’t cut in years, I’m still self harming in other ways. By withholding food from myself, or biting my cuticles until they bleed, or waiting with bathroom visits until it starts to hurt. I find some comfort in not eating. Like I’m being punished for something I want to be punished for. Does that make sense? Lately I’ve been going hungry a lot and have had to force myself to eat. Today I feel like throwing up after finally having a meal. I’m also sad/depressed. I worry these are symptoms that things are abut to get worse. I know it’s most likely just a passing dip in my wellbeing, but I also feel this way before hospitalizations and I really don’t want to be hospitalized here in Greece. How do I know if it’s just 
a passing phase or a sign of something worse? How do I get rid of the self-harm and starving urges?"
175875757,"That’s an important job _AT_MENTION_, even more so now that many of us are sheltering in place. Continuing to receive mail, packages, and essential goods such as mail-order prescriptions is critical right now."
175875758,Is it tremors because yeah haldol can make your hands shake and stuff.....for me my legs shake now sometimes when I have anxiety when they never used to.
175875759,"Pc is super quiet today, what’s everyone’s up to? I was just on the phone with bf he wants to change careers again...he keeps jumping from the frying pan to the fire rather than learn some small new thing so he can advance. I don’t understand it. I think it’s his anxiety but he’s not willing to try therapy first. I’m worried that eventually people will stop hiring him due to his job jumping. He’s only been at the current job for two months."
175875760,This is very common with all of us suffering from depression or anxiety. We tend to react in two main ways - crying or anger. With me it is crying. I feel my mind getting so tired of everything. Anything is a trigger at this point. It is good to release the feelings and cry a bit but sometimes it’s hard to stop. Confide in your closest people and tell them you’re going through this hard phase. Strong support system is a key. Don’t feel guilty for not being happy right now. Don’t be hard on yourself. Wish you the best.
175875761,Thanks _PERSON_. I’m hoping that the very slow taper will help minimize side effects. But we’ll see. My bigger concern is whether I’m better off with or without the Zoloft. I also have a fairly demanding job and it’s really hard to do that well if I’m experiencing an anxiety spike or withdrawal effects etc. I really need to stay focused.
174323659,You haven’t seen my curtains.
175875762,"_PERSON_ I think that is what we all are here for, for moral support, right :))"
175875763,How many jars of _PERSON_ are required to Stop The Pacing?
175875764,I'm waiting for my dogs BarkBox to get here!
175875765,"As long as your BMI is between 18.5 and 25, you’re healthy. Mine was 43 which is obese. _AT_MENTION_"
175875766,"Hypocrisy! That is the word for it. My younger cousin, _NAME_, keeps talking in my head about how wearing black, and wearing band t shirts means “evil” to him. I don’t want to hear the wrong things that he thinks! Intelligent adults should not have to tolerate that nonsense. Our country has freedom of fashion. I never guessed that grown adults would be calling people evil, based on clothing choices. I thought that they would be embarrassed to say such obviously wrong things."
175875767,_PERSON_ I was born here. We had heavy racism here ( Apartheid ) but its over now. I would say Cape Town is a first world grid in a third world country hey!
175875768,Yes because I am so afraid. I feel like I’m the center of the country and everyone is watching me and waiting on me to die. It is so scary.
175875769,I love movies! I’m gonna watch them all!
175875770,I take my meds at 7 and am usually sleeping by 8.
175875771,"I caved man. I went and bought a smok vape and some e liquid cause I found a shop that sells the stuff. Youre stronger than I am man, dont give in like me!!"
174323660,"Thanks, yeah I had hypersexuality on Abilify and both are partial dopamine agonists, I think I will stay on Risperdal. I walk at home back and forth with a step counter app when I have energy. My parents tell me to walk with them everytime but I have no energy. I did walk with them once but it was a few months ago. Maybe soon I will try to walk with them, its good if I can walk with them every few months."
175875772,"Yes, I took them today!"
175875773,…
175875774,Welcome to the community.
175875775,"I wrote some about it but it seems too personal.. But it's crazy.. Me disowning my dad for 5 seconds.. Crazy psychotic message, my mom flushing her friends coke down the toilet while we all watch.. , skiing, agh.. idk.. I'm done. I'm not taking Seroquel tonight because it gives me heart palpitations before I fall asleep. My mom said not to take it so I took 1.5mg xanax and I still couldn't sleep and then I realize ""It's 8pm"".. I usually go to sleep at 12am.. So yeah.. Also, about the high CBD dose, Idk If I can take more than 100mg CBD.. 100mg is my max cuz it's too muscle relaxing.. I'm gonna have to see my doctor about the seroquel. Too many people die of sudden death when they take Seroquel as a sleep med.. I'll have to lower the Vyvanse to 30mg and maybe take zopiclone or something every night or Valium and then slowly decrease.. I just need to be positive.. I've been thinking the worst is going to happen to me and my mom but I must be positive.. that's the only way.."
175875776,Managed to do pump. Met my x and he was nice and said he will always me. Bought amazing pumpkin bread. And ate lots of slices with vegan butter.
175875777,Very nice! I like it too!
175875778,"That’s what I fear, if true this is."
175875779,Having a cup or two of coffee this morning. Took my meds. Called new psychiatrist. Posted on here. Listening to a good song. Read yesterday. Posted my progress on my books this year. Wrote yesterday. Colored last night.
175875780,I don’t really see a purpose living beyond that. It’s not a depression thing. I’m just not afraid to die.
175875781,Interstellar. I love SciFi.
175875782,"I get this everytime I’m psychotic. It doesn’t last more than 3 or 4 days, but APs and sleep help get me back to normal."
175875783,I think so as its just a 150 calories breakfast protein bar. I haven’t weighted my self in the past 2 weeks though. I had to stop my big diet of 5 calories noodles etc it was making me depressed but I am still skipping breakfast since 4-5 months.
175875784,"I am really sorry to hear how things went down with her family. I know that as you said...with time the kids will realize that their relationship with you is important...and work to restore things with you...but for now, it is heartbreaking. I am glad to hear that you have an appointment coming up. I hope you can discuss all with your doctor then and get some good guidance. Do what you feel you can leading up to and on the 27th. If you can't do anything but grieve...then just do that. You don't (for lack of a better word) owe anyone anything...so just do what you need to in order to make it through these days. You will be in my thoughts/prayers. Talk soon, S.C."
175875785,It would probably confuse people trying to get mod attention who are used to tagging you as _AT_MENTION_
175875786,You got a point. Someone who doesn’t expect to build a normal family. Someone who has the same need for periods of solitude. A mature partner who knows her / his weaknesses and strengths. In my country there is a dating site for people with MI. But its a very small country (Denmark) and not many users.
175875787,How did you hear about _PERSON_? Seems like an interesting guy.
175875788,Great piece of art.
175875789,Hi guys.....
175875790,"I’m sure she has, bless her heart."
175875791,A scrambled egg on a piece of bread
175875792,"_AT_MENTION_ Thanks for your eye-opening experience. I have an upcoming pDoc visit and discuss this with her. I do have a lot of past Trauma, my Family, and I just moved back and I do think my symptoms relate. Thanks for the support. I really appreciate this. I have something to work with."
174323665,"I take Fanapt. I have Depressive type though I unfortunately become manic sometimes. Works okay, but dosen’t always completely block out my paranoia or voices. Makes me overweight and I have to monitor my blood sugar. Before Fanapt, I was on Zyprexa, which shot my blood sugar through the roof. I take Zoloft and Trazodone for Depression, and Ativan for my anxiety and panic attacks."
175875793,Tech N9ne - Red Nose
175875794,I sleep 12-14hrs. Before my current medication I was getting 6-8hrs
175875795,"Cool. Congratulations on the job. My favorite part of restaurant or food service jobs was snacking on the food in the kitchen. A few olives sometimes, slices of roast beef or turkey, cheese, maybe slice off a little cake, maybe some bread, lol. Yeah, I miss that."
175875796,The government is after me too. The are ruled by perverted sex crazy aliens. I don’t know why they don’t kill me. I suppose The want me to suffer.
175875797,That’s good that you are feeling better now
175875798,"Ah, okay! In that case, I’ll leave it open. Thanks for your help!"
175875799,I miss the steak and mashed potatoes of the psychward.
175875800,Yeah I had to think about that one and figured out it was eating disorders
175875801,Why do they buy toiletrolls?
175875802,I’ve been in and out of so many hospitals and psych wards that I literally can’t count all of them. I’m so glad those days are behind me.
175875803,"I think they mean it plays a part, a negative one, in how well people do sticking to taking their meds. The more cognitively impaired you are the less,generally speaking, you’ll stay on your meds"
175875804,"I can’t judge you. I smoked weed and self-medicated for years. I do think there’s better ways to cope though. Maybe you need a med adjustment or some new coping skills. I hope things get better for you soon. At least you’ve got _NAME_. I know how much a cat can improve your quality of life. Hang in there, man. You’ll get through it."
175875805,"My friends are blogging about CBD gummies for anxiety, I’d love to try something like that. I don’t think they’re available here."
175875806,"Yeah, I thought of this too… theres no proper treatment for conversion disorder… maybe only a psychotherapy and occupational therapy, but I am sz too so it’s more complicated…"
175875807,That’s not as good as it is here but I imagine a euro goes farther there than a dollar here??? Good luck I think you deserve disability I got disability on my first try in 2014. Now I just got renewed another year. I’ve yet to have to go before a judge. I think next year I will though cuz my review period will be up
175875808,I’ve just finished my packet of cigarettes and just finished studying in the library. I could so do with a packet right now but I have quit! (Crying)
175875809,"I’ve been reading _PERSON_ lately, Manufacturing Consent."
175875810,I just see a psydoc for 15 minutes every 6 weeks. I’ve had bigger sessions in the past and just beyond talk therapy these days. I know it works great for some people but just not for me.
175875811,I had problems with occasionally shitting my pants on Abilify when I was on it years ago. Don’t have any issues with risperidone.
174323662,"I think the common thread amongst the high-functioning people in this thread is that they take their meds. No way to sugar-coat it, if you have schizophrenia and want to be useful, you need meds. Can’t overcome an untreated schizophrenia through sheer force of will, that’s like trying to drink from a sensory firehose with a straw. Pointless and messy."
175875813,I can understand your pain… Hope everything gets sorted for u.
175875814,It’s ok to be obsessed with your dog. I’m obsessed with mine too.
175875815,I’m sorry wave. Try your best to look after yourself too.
175875816,Exercise is the single best thing I’ve added to my health for last 10 years. Amazing results. I try hard to read…some days are better than others but I’m trying. Glad your still reading…it really was the biggest thing I missed from pre diagnosed to post! I used to love my reading but now it’s so hard!
174323670,It makes us look bad when stuff like this happens. Wasn’t he the one who thought his neighbors dog was talking to him? A lot of people when they think of schizophrenia will immediately think violence.
175875817,Right on man. 1515
175875818,"I have religious fears too. I know that they lessen with antipsychotics, but for me they don’t go away completely. That’s one of the reasons I’m so good about taking my meds is the relief from obsessive religious fears and beliefs."
175875819,"Ok, it’s best to get a new increase I think if you can hear what they are saying. Have you been without voices for a long time before this?"
175875820,_PERSON_ maybe I’m just telling the truth and no one wants to hear it we are all ??????? There planning a war that’s going to be bloody and ugly and this time there will be chemicals and nuclear missiles involved.They want me to be quite because that’s how they control society by decreasing it systematically with war. They dont want you to hear they’re planning on killing off people.
175875821,"I speak and write Arabic, French and English. I dream in all 3 languages but most of the time there is no language in my dreams."
175875822,"It’s probably just anxiety, if you don’t push through it, it will come back to bite you in the rear."
175875823,I hate being asked about my prescriptions. Hopefully the doctor won’t look at your file and then talk slowly like you’re hard of hearing.
175875824,I voted for trump. I voted yes to legalize weed.
175875825,"It has a Carfax, but I haven’t read it yet"
175875826,A box of cinnamon rolls to be delivered to some friends of mine who have/have had COVID.
175875827,"I take an antidepressant. Although, I’m not sure it does anything. My pdoc prescribed them when I said that I didn’t enjoy anything. Said “it sounds like depression”…but I still have a hard time enjoying anything but food so…like i said…not sure if they do much."
175875828,Some people are just dicks. I’d say take him to small claims court. He should know better.
175875829,As long as you recognised it that should help
175875830,"Thanks! It would be good to wake up same time everyday and taking meds in the morning at the same time might be a good idea as well. I will try! Not at 4 though, i need more sleep than that! 7 sounds better."
175875831,_NAME_ Grey tea.
175875832,A lot cheaper too!
175875833,"What I find amusing is that the last year of lockdowns have pretty much shown me what my needs aren’t. I miss fine-dining a bit, but not a lot. Missing an annual trip to a museum didn’t turn out to be a big deal, I got some more enjoyable nature walks in instead. I haven’t missed theatres. I have never cared for concerts or clubs. I like Zoom AA meetings better than the real ones. Can’t visit with the wife’s parents because of COVID? Oh, drat. Other than not being able to have a limited number of photographer friends over to my home for tea and print salons, I would describe my whole lockdown experience in two words: Highly civilized. In fact, I could do with more of it. Oh, and I’m getting used to doing print salons by Zoom now as well."
175875834,Happy birthday
175875835,My weakness is the cheddar melts at Christmas
175875836,you still gr8 in eyes of your children
175875837,Have using vape or cigarette harm your mental health or it doesn’t affect your mental health? I am contemplating if I should quit using Vape?I find that I am sucking on it a lot but it comfort me too.I will be using patch or gum to quit or if I couldn’t will continue vaping
175875838,"Could you be experiencing reflux, _NAME_? It is worse when flat, better when sitting upright. Does that fit?"
175875839,"Try it, its cool and helpful."
175875840,"I would take the meds. Personal experience, I stopped my meds and ended up in the hospital like 3 weeks later. Not worth it"
175875841,"Two schizophrenics went into the bar. Ordered two drinks - but upon noticing his mate wasnt talking to him, realised his mate was in his head and he was having a psychotic breakdown."
175875842,"Also be aware, it is not clinically shown to help beyond 30 days of continual usage. Any more than that, and your body adjusts to the dose. There is also a possibility your own brain might stop producing melatonin naturally if you take it longer than 30 days. But as far as sleep medications, it is one of the safest and least habit forming."
175875843,I’m not sure 15151
175875844,I contacted my treatment team in crisis. My psychiatrist and counselor responded. My IOP therapist did not.
175875845,"My dad talked to her, and he said she wasn’t feeling that bad. She has two daughters, and my father said they weren’t feeling good either. She also has a husband who is a doctor. My father said they have to stay inside the house for 10 days. They are going to get cabin fever. It is going to be tough, because they can’t go anywhere."
175875846,Made 2 quiche’s. One for dinner and one to freeze for another night. Debating on the trouble of making hash browns or home fries to go with it. Did a lot of Bujo’ing today. Feeling ready and prepared for the coming week. Bought some lingerie. Hoping to reignite my flame or something pathetic like that.
175875847,"I can kinda understand why people might want to make sure they have some toilet paper, but I really don’t understand the panic buying of bottled water. It’s not like the municipal water supply is going to suddenly disappear."
175875848,"I have to ask, having you been drinking again? That seems to fuel your delusional and paranoid thoughts ."
175875849,A lot of y’all keep talking about vraylar. Keep us updated.
175875850,"I don’t think this is the place to name names, for the sake of everyone, because that’s just inviting more drama. But I do agree here. Unfortunately, everyone is in different stages of mental health. That’s the drawback to having a public forum on mental health. My philosophy is that an argument involves at least two people so if one agrees not to respond, there will cease to be an argument. Pick your battles and if something bothers you, move to a different thread."
175875851,Here too and a medium caramel iced coffee is $1 all summer.
174323677,"Severe negative symptoms, Vraylar is targeting them, I need to be patient I think 9 days is not long"
175875852,I havent even been to sleep yet
175875853,i have anxiety with the fireworks. i’m going to go try and sleep in my car. I’m waiting for my phone to charge.
175875854,"So I’ve been living off tinned food recently, which has been a step up from eating out in terms of looking after myself, if not quality and taste. However, a couple of days ago, I bought some eggs, so can actually try cooking with a pan. I have some oil already. There is nothing really superior about doing this, except budgeting and discipline. So far I haven’t managed to bring myself to actually cook the eggs. I’m going to try today. Thank you."
175875855,Some lovely replies you have received. Hope you will feel better. Do you have happy moments aswell? Are you able to smile and laugh at least some days ? I had years with out any laughter and now I am able to laugh again.not every day but it happens. Wishing you well.
175875856,"Absolutely no problem, Winterblues. I thank you both very much."
175875857,"No but I might be homeless this upcoming August. My landlord/moms fiance is kicking me out then. Im not working at the moment, need to find a job if im going to find a room to rent."
175875858,Yikes bad part of Dallas. I won’t give up my safety for niceness.
175875859,Still awaiting that payment from the phones...
174323667,I truly think you would be schizophrenic anyways I know people that do acid and shrooms and smoke a bunch of pot and they don’t develop schizophrenia
175875860,Maybe it doesn’t touch all the different types of receptors but I know prolactin is connected to dopamine
175875861,"Im sorry you’ve experienced this fear and trauma. Even though on the outside looking in it sounds like a delusion, feeling these experiences as real must be incredibly hard and painful. I know you feel that these things have happened, and I want to validate and acknowledge your pain because it feels real to you and that is worthy of being validated. With that being said, would you be willing to try moving forward with treatment with at least considering the idea that these are delusions? It could go a long way in relieving the torture you are experiencing."
175875862,"90% of the time I am trying to be friendly but people mistake it for aggression or they think I’m trying to scare them. Which I’m not. So I force a friendly look on my face. My other solution is much more non-productive. I get so tired of this that if they’re going to act afraid, than dang it, I’ll give them what they want and give them something to be afraid about. It’s kind of satisfying but dangerous and not smart. You catch more flies with sugar than you do with vinegar."
175875863,"I'm having Sui thoughts. They are in between active and passive. It's like I'm thinking about a way to Sui, but I don't have the means, so I am thinking about how I can get the means. I see my T on Wednesday and I know I should tell her but it depends on if she is leaving me or not. If she is leaving then I'm not telling her."
175875864,Maybe _PERSON_’s brain is like a computer.
175875865,I don’t think it’s ruined. I think it’ll help when you talk with your professor. I hope the meeting goes well
175875866,"Snuggle up to my wife, remind her how much I love her, and just wait for the end."
175875867,Whenever my PTSD flares up I fall into periods of drinking too much. In college I kept a bottle of grey goose under my bed. Then when the PTSD goes into remission I stop because the need isn’t there anymore. Anyhow next week as part of my one dietary change a week plan I’m cutting back to only drinking once a week.
175875868,we call that in our language waka mean falling.which means becoming conscious.means falling and waking up to the truth.but i dont want the pure truth.
175875869,_AT_MENTION_ is caplyta a similar med to abilify in terms of not being too sedating and such?
175875870,I’d say a 2 in general 8 with my husband -500 with his mother 2 with his father 7 with my parents 7 with my sister 3 with my friends 1 with strangers and other family I prefer solitude. Except for my husband I’m quite happy to withdraw from others.
175875871,Nice pics SP. I like the top right one the best. Do you have any more tree pics?
175875872,I have diabetes 2. I was on Metformin. It caused Metabolic Acidosis.
175875873,"Here's a screenshot Attached Images Yonder.jpg (96.2 KB, 9 views)"
175875874,It happens over time
175875875,I’m sorry you went through that. It is sad.
175875876,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875877,I think I got The Grey on Redbox and just never watched it. I’m kicking myself now.
175875878,Yeah my voices say that iam the only one that’s gonna get eternal hell so I think your safe I dont belive it though they just push it every day
175875879,"From a purely one schizo to another, that’s sort of what I did yesterday on amazon. I won’t lie I’m feeling vulnerable bc it’s not a bird in hand yet, it still needs to be fulfilled. What country (state?) are you in? Do you mind saying?"
175875880,Good luck _AT_MENTION_
175875881,"I’d check around to see if he was anywhere near, and if he wasn’t, I’d keep the money."
175875882,"Hey _AT_MENTION_, did you get around to bathing? I hope you were able to get out of bed and do that for yourself"
175875883,I might be apart of a cult lead by dead psychonauts
175875884,Why don’t you get a second opinion _AT_MENTION_ ?
175875885,"I usually get trapped at the start, but this time I’m going to be very choosy. You make a good point _AT_MENTION_ ."
175875886,I’ll go with the flow and pretend I understand. I’m half Greek by the way.
175875887,I just wanted to see if I could get a call back. I have been out of the industry for 11 years now. They probably won’t call.
175875888,I was scottb but my mother found my posts
175875889,"Even if you feel like no one is loving you can instead start loving others. Think of others problems, think of how you can help others etc."
175875890,The CIA and FBI do not hire people who have a mental illness. Sorry but you are totally delusional please tell your pdoc.
175875891,"Lovely, newtus. Normal people do not get us and most don't care, in my experience. Most people really only care about themselves."
175875892,One XL coffee from a gas station and a 40oz soda too for me!
175875893,"I had to deal with social anxiety as a child, then sz on top of that when I turned 25 ( I’m 56 now ) and trying to study to become a RN. The hallucinations were bad and they prevented me from studying properly so I was unable to pass my boards. Since I couldn’t become a RN, I worked as a STNA until 2009 at a skilled nursing facility. I used to be upset that I wasn’t a RN but being a STNA helped me with the skills to overcome my shyness. Being mentally ill makes life very difficult but there are tools to help you cope. Personally, I found that being true to myself by doing things that make me happy like hobbies and learning things that interest me have helped keep me from becoming depressed. Stop worrying about what other people think about you. God made you a unique individual"
175875894,"So what I experience is mostly derealization mostly than depersonalization. I think depersonalization is more panic causing that derealization (What I had last night). ""If you're experiencing derealization try using your senses in any way you can to bring yourself back to reality. Pinch the skin on the back of your hand. Hold something that's cold or really warm (but not hot enough to burn you) and focus on the sensation of temperature. Count or name items in the room. Try to keep your eyes moving so that you don't zone out or start to lose touch again."" I might as well go to the DID forum cuz **** my oncoming of realizing new symptoms never end.. But I have to realize because it helps.. It's good to be educated so I'm able to help myself.."
175875895,"I hear you! I get homicidal OCD thoughts and I don’t ever want to do such thing to my family! It’s just so scary and makes me on edge when I have these thoughts, so I hear you. Thoughts and voices don’t make you evil. They’re just brain malfunctioning. Have you talked to your doctor about it?"
174323683,I went off of abilify a couple months back due to fear of possible side effects
175875896,Well it can worsen overtime. I don’t mean to scare you but this is definitely a problem that needs solving and only your pdoc can help u.
175875897,I wonder if any one has heard voices though sounds like keys jangling and cars
175875898,Psychiatric Times The Neurobiological Mechanism for Hallucinations and Delusions An explanation for the clinical presentation of delusions and hallucinations may have just been found.
175875899,I love _PERSON_ i have to find an app for this.
175875900,"I don’t know. Depends on the seriousness and case by case. I think if it’s mild or a possible misdiagnosis, then no. If it’s serious, then yes."
175875901,Buy apple juice. Drink apple juice. Read and watch a movie if I can. I can’t watch outlander I think the actors don’t like me and try dominating me which says more about them really if they were secure in themselves they wouldn’t feel the need to put me down. I wanted to see it as I like the story line. Can’t watch Christmas chronicle either. Will try Christmas chronicles again later.
175875902,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175875903,"Knitting might just not be your thing. Everyone is not good at some things and good at others. Some people are better at reading, some at math, etc. This is the same as that. Don’t be so hard on yourself."
175875904,"By the way, good job _AT_MENTION_ . I like your lyrics and hope to someday hear the song."
175875905,"I was in another dimension of hell during my psychosis. And at one point I thought I was dead cos of an overdose and I thought I was in another dimension of the same world but the people felt different,like it wasn’t really really them… I felt a bit lonely but also happy that I wasn’t in a torture land of darkness etc, and also I felt more free in some respect cos the people didn’t feel completely real. I remember really enjoying the dancing/areobics lesson in the hospital for that reason, I kind of just let go and felt good"
175875906,"Congrats! Hearing about you doing so well was a big motivator for me so thanks for that. I am about 2 years out of the workforce and I definitely feel it, but I think as I get used to it it’ll get better. I had some delusions last night so I may up my meds to deal with the stress but otherwise I feel fine"
175875907,It is great that you are getting so much support! I wish all countries and all disabled citizens could get as much support.
175875908,"That good will lead to a sick dog down the road. Like _AT_MENTION_ said, meat should be the first ingredient. Meat, not meat derivatives (that’s a fancy word for fat)"
175875909,"Sometimes I get quite angry and want to say. “Don’t touch me. Don’t you know I’ve been hurt?” It’s also true of mental probers. “Don’t get into my mind, don’t you know I’ve been hurt?” These people mean well and are hurt by our outbursts, but it’s no lie, we really are hurt people."
175875910,"well i dont know honestly, i wonder if accepting leadership is cultural. like some people look to their leaders for guidance, but if that is the case, can they really call themselves free people? thoughts?"
175875911,Because the men who follow me are always the same. I see the same guys all the time.
175875912,"Gotcha. I’m battling against alien noises and rumblings still. It’s tiring. This illness can wear one out quickly, eh? You’re a good egg. I see a lot of potential in you. That you’re still chugging along is proof."
174323678,"I have had schizophrenia since around 8th grade im 22 now and had auditory hallucinations and psychotic episodes. I was put on a 52/50 (14 day mandatory hold) for risk to others.My voices made me think harmful things and have another side that was like that but i also had a side that was moral and 100% this whole time was trying to get better.I went into the 52/50 because i was strongly feeling of harming my parents i called my psych and left a message and my therapist its bad like realy bad.I also called a friend so i can talk to someone so i was trying to take care of myself.I wrote a blog 1 hour before the 51/50 it is very bad but i write my life and feelings on an anonymous blog with it own domain and you can see my states im in at the time im writing and have over 250 pictures related so you would see the picture and click on iyt to see the blog and i say how it relates in the moment.This happened in 2018.I got put in partial hospitalization in the same place my psych is.It is basically out pa
tient group therapy that i left at 7 am and got out 3 pm everyday for like 2 months total i went twice. so my psych passed away sadly early 2019.I am now since then seeing his coworker and the psych for the group therapy people who had no psych.So i have been doing good proud of myself i can control my emotions i got my empathy back to as much as i can instead of pure apathy i was happy.Now this is when things started going downhill last august so 2020. I tried caffeine and never felt something that gave me energy i liked it.So i abused it I took 2 200 mg caffeine pills 300 mg caffeine drinks on top of a pot of coffee when i say abuse i mean like hot healthy for the heart i have no idea how long i did it but the damage was done.So I noticed i stated being more talkative ever then before was even told so by everyone that has known me well I am usually reserved and before that was a apathetic zombie. well i noticed that i was speaking rapidly and and had energy so i told my psych which led her to believe it was 
mania.I knew it was not as i felt it once before this was energy.Then I was going to sleep one night looked up at the top left in my dark room where a patch of white light was on my roof above the curtain and saw black cross threaded things but they were moving like worms i closed my eyes re opened rubbed.so i got up and see in the dark something swinging on my wall like a shadow of a rope so i knew i had nothing there so i watch that spot as light button is next to me i watch as light goes on theres nothing so i know somethings off i wake my mom up.she comes into the lit hallway and when i look at her face it is vividly blue and demonic and i was screaming and covering my eyes and my dad said open them and i just kept repeating something and went to ER I was scared shitless i havent visual hallucinations like that ever in my life not even psychotic episodes.So i call my psych tell her about it now 2 months go by but the whole time i was still hallucinating and scared yet didnt tell anyone because i didnt thi
nk it was something to note like it happened i woke up fine i try to sleep its happens wake up fine like i didnt think of it as bad you guys might know what i mean how do you know when to note things if its been happening or you just dont think of it really even though i was scared at night i didnt even tell anyone had that for 2 months this kind of stuff that would happen ,My fan on sounded like someone slowly crawling or tip toeing closer to me on the carpet i heard the crunches closer and closer so i turned off my fan,looked at my fire alarm a tiny green dot stared at it it started having a bunch of green particles swirling around it and started moving in the dark and i followed if i unfocused back to normal but then i did it more same result,black threaded stuff happening, My computer chair and other bobjects turned into shadow people figures, and i was constantly hearing voices different then ever ones i know like my mom my grandma my friends rapidly saying things and switching voices and saying sentence
s that dont make sense and words that arent real rapidly against my will.now I had another intense hallucination where my dad went on a month vacation with my brother and was on his way home but two states away and they were staying the night at my grandpas coming home next day.I was laying down and my door closed and i hear my door from the garage open and my dad and brother specifically and they said hey lets go check on mom so i got up and rushed to say hi and there was no one i looked in garage around the house saying dad? laid down heard them again but couldnt make it out so i was thinking maybe they are in my moms room so i turn on the light and nothing i call my mom out and we went into the halway and her face had like orbs going around and her face swirling luckily i didnt freak out but that time and the ER time i left a voicemail for my psych.I continued to have these night hallucinations and one day i was randomly playing a game with a friend when i realized wait i should tell my psych this .I told 
her and she said they are illusions aka distortions because i said i narrowed it down it happens at night and she thought i had mania which i found out 3 weeks ago it is pressured speech a symptom for schizophrenia. well she came to the conclusion i had bi polar which i knew was not true but i was put on 1500 depakote on top of my 300 serequel.Before i go further I was on risperdal my whole life when i said i had those psychotic episodes i got switched to serequel and they stopped idk what that means but there was a bad side affect getting on it and getting off it.I was 160 when i got it after i got out of psych ward i was on 8 mg Risperdal ,before that on 6 by old psych . the psych in the mental hospital put me on 9 actually but i said i wanted to decrease because 6 to 9 risperdal sedated me so much you guys are probably familiar and i went from 160 starting an anti psychotic to max of 306 pounds.I would endlessly be hungry i could eat 2 pounds of food and in 5 minutes feel like i havent ate in 3 days.After 
i got off it theose psychotic episodes stopped and i was happy i had to black myself out everytime i got it i couldnt stop looking up and felt like id rather be gone then feel this feeling worse then a panic attack…well after i completely tapered off I had the side affect of having 0 hunger or thirst.And i mean 0.I would cause lots of bad things I dont have any hunger or thirst so only way i would know oh crap i didnt eat or drink is because my bodies shaking from not eating or drinking ive gotten dehyrated so many times and een whe i have food on my desk its to the side so unless i look it will be there the whole day but if i see it i take a bite or two i can only eat slowly as well or get nausea. Now this is what the whole post was leading up too. The thing she thought was mania was pressured speech i would talk and rapidly and literally couldnt stop talking i couldnt but people would think i wanted to so id take a 25 mg serequel and sedate myself to where i couldnt even process if you asked me why do fru
its die when they come of a tree i can process that simple a sentence or think at all my mind is blank i go back to 100% apathetic my eyes feel static fuzzy which makes me feel messed up they feel heavy and pressure cant explain some might know what i mean.i would rather suffer with that then pressured speech.Forgot to mention the night the psych put me on the depakote like i was going to stat it next day i had my computer light on light blue room saw hundreds of tiny rice transparent bugs inside my eyes bouncing off each other and they followed my eyes so it wasnt on the wall and if i focused on them they would make wall swirl.So i didnt mention i had hallucinations in the light and she planned on taking me off an anti psychotic and i cried at home scared to go back to my old self after ive got so far she wanted me off it also because i sleep an average of 12-20 hours a day and thinks the sedation does it .It isnt that I call it the dreamstate i remember everytime im woken up answer calls and respond totally 
normal not tired people being woke up would sound sleepy and dont you think if im sedated i wouldnt wake up? i couldnt explain but i couldnt get up and was still in dreamlike stage and i enjoy dreams the are like DMT trip nothing like everyone i asks kinds of dreams and i go third person and alot of weird stuff and the dreams are always related to nothing going on in reality i had one where i chased hitler in a fighter jet and we crashed but sometimes i cant explain what i see like there is nothing in real life to compare.I even had a dream where it wasnt even me in it i was watching an animated alien go from being picked on to king.anyway she thought i had bi polar because i didnt say alot and gave bi polar impression.Well i thought about it she doesnt know anything about my past nor asked me yet and my old psych like i said when you dont think things are wrong you say your finbe and id always chat and he would show me all kinds of books from being young and growing up so i realized there is probably not alo
t on my file.Well this is the problem and i realized it I knew the pressured speech.I also noticed i get heated talk alot get into all these fights and i have been in therapy my whole life i know to not start a fight with someone that wont understand its wasteful ,well now i realized i knew i overexplain alot but 3-4 days ago i realized i cant physically not say my thoughts outloud and this has been the most suffering all the fights ive been in i wouldnt of done if i was like i was before i learned alot from therapy. When i talk with friend i go of 20 subjects linking together that i know no one cares but in my mind i am thinking it so i say it out loud but i cant help it, I am correcting people constantly , seeming like a know it all, and im looking like a very toxic person for something i cant help and wouldnt of happened if i was like before.You know how everyone gets bad thoughts like is this person dumb? well i say that to their face you can see how fights are started and today I had my mom constantly te
ll me she cant talk shes doing work until she broke out crying and i became aware that i was saying all my thoughts to her constantly the problem is when im aware and actively try to stop the impulses i get like 6 impulses and it causes severe anxiety and then i told my mom and when i say im having anxiety it intensifies it by 20x so i had a full anxiety attack hyperventilating crying.and my mom called off work this is suffering and i just barely realized whats going on and i narrowed it down to the mass caffeine abuse.Like how someone pre disposed to schizophrenia smokes marijuana and gets it forever when they would never of gotten it have they not smoked it well caffeine is psycho active but this horrible and i dont know what this is called i know i have pressured speech but i cant stop saying my thoughts even when thinking i should walk away i dont i dont know what its called or what to do but i know it can be solved or treated at least but now i feel like its permanent like now i will have to take sereque
l with depakote for life now because of poor choices.so if i can get any info i would appreciate it.Sorry for long post i was telling backstory"
175875913,"“Roadie” with Meat _PERSON_, Art _PERSON_, _NAME_, _NAME_, _NAME_ , Asleep at the Wheel and _PERSON_…(in acting roles all of them…)"
175875914,"I’m on Xeplion and Risperidone. I was on four or five different meds before. I think they work best, but I became diabetic and got a fat liver. And I have little sex drive. Maybe better than psychotic."
175875915,I have high triglycerides and diabetes and I’m not winded _AT_MENTION_. Get it checked out by a doctor as soon as possible.
175875916,This should be my new tagline
175875917,"I tried going vegetarian for philosophical reasons, thinking all life is a miracle. Then I thought it is the natural order of things to feed off “inferior” animals."
175875918,I stopped taking meds when I was 17. I'm now 24. I still hear voices occasionally and rarely have visual hallucinations; but I just deal with it. It's not easy because over time I've begun to lose patience with it all and makes me question my own sanity. Possible trigger: Sometimes it drives me to recreationally use a different substance which is used as an anti depressant at most once a week which helps take away my anxiety and keeps me from worrying about the voices for a little while even when still hearing them. I find it refreshes my brain more than taking antipsychotics like Risperidone which I was prescribed. However the substance is quite pricey and highly addictive so I plan on going back to antipsychotics soon.
175875919,They will. Anti psychotics can give ya some chop when weaning. Slow n steady. Am in a funk...but ok. Do notdisturb on door...ph mostly off. HT
175875920,"Yes. My psychosis lasted several weeks, maybe six. I roamed by myself through Switzerland, France, Spain, Portugal and Romania. Severe insomnia, almost choked on food while believing I was fighting demons, spent an insane amount of money with shady people, shouted at my parents for screwing their lives and mine (which isn’t true), picked up a transvestite, almost got runned over by cars on several occasions and almost threw myself in front of one. Eventually it was a powerful mental image of mom wearing black that made me realize I needed urgent help."
175875921,"If you do it right, hopefully minimal. Though of course there is always the chance the new med doesn’t work as well for you as the old one did which could cause a relapse. Its just good to monitor your symptoms carefully."
175875922,"It’s been 2 years and my account still has a new account status, I can’t even post a link, and now am asking for a simple delete account request and no one is deleting my account. If you guys don’t want me to leave, the least you could do is remove this new account status you seem to have branded on my account. Black cat moderator, delete account. _AT_MENTION_ I can’t even post a reply - new account status on a 2 year account- coz I’ve apparently reached daily reply limit _AT_MENTION_ my old account didn’t even have these restrictions… - asked to delete it too… they just suspend it for like 100 years, but because of that, I wasn’t going against the rules when I made this account"
175875923,Maybe you need to give yourself a scheduled break. Like “for the next 20 minutes I will not think aboutthe project. Then I will work on it for 5 minutes then take a 5 minute break.”
175875924,"defintly working, get muscle now, also take a test booster lol. Im crazy stim. I got calm down with this stims, also i take 15 vitamins. lol Im just curious this all works in my body at ounce with meds."
175875926,Explain to your new psychiatrist tomorrow that you’re in distress. That you’re hearing voices.
175875927,I have a fairly scientifically supported theory that chronic brain inflammation is the cause of positive and negative schizophrenia symptoms. I made a thread about it here:
174323676,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Treatment response after 6 and 26 weeks is related to baseline glutamate and GABA levels in antipsychotic-naïve patients with psychosis. _PERSON_, BH _PERSON_, _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _NAME_ _PERSON_, HBW _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and BY Glenthøj, Psychological medicine , Sep 2019 16 Poor response to dopaminergic antipsychotics constitutes a major challenge in the treatment of psychotic disorders and markers for non-response during first-episode are warranted. Previous studies have found increased levels of glutamate and ?-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in non-responding first-episode patients compared to responders, but it is unknown if non-responders can be identified using reference levels from healthy controls (HCs).Thirty-nine antipsychotic-naïve patients with first-episode psychosis and 36 matched HCs underwent repeated assessments with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale and 3T magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Glutamate scaled to total creatine (/Cr) was measure
d in the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and left thalamus, and levels of GABA/Cr were measured in ACC. After 6 weeks, we re-examined 32 patients on aripiprazole monotherapy and 35 HCs, and after 26 weeks we re-examined 30 patients on naturalistic antipsychotic treatment and 32 HCs. The _PERSON_ criteria defined non-response.Before treatment, thalamic glutamate/Cr was higher in the whole group of patients but levels normalized after treatment. ACC levels of glutamate/Cr and GABA/Cr were lower at all assessments and unaffected by treatment. When compared with HCs, non-responders at week 6 (19 patients) and week 26 (16 patients) had higher baseline glutamate/Cr in the thalamus. Moreover, non-responders at 26 weeks had lower baseline GABA/Cr in ACC. Baseline levels in responders and HCs did not differ.Glutamatergic and _USER_ID_ abnormalities in antipsychotic-naïve patients appear driven by non-responders to antipsychotic treatment. If replicated, normative reference levels for glutamate and GABA may aid estima
tion of clinical prognosis in first-episode psychosis patients."
175875928,I… um… I… I. … uhhhh. … I I’m… I’m… feeling catatonic I’m stuck. Have this word in my head I can’t stop repeating. Strabismus. I don’t know what it means but it just got in my head somehow. … Can’t stop repeating it… I’m stuck… Can’t talk only write. I wrote a thread yesterday on… experimenting with my lamotrigine and olanzapine. That I’d take more Lamotrigine and no olanzapine. But I. … I. … feel… like … depressed? Negatives? But this emptiness and greyness still there. I’m not 100% so instead of taking olanzapine away I took double dose of 5mg. Feel like a failure. I’m trying… I’m just so f***ing hopeless. The greyness just doesn’t stay away for even a day… It’s times like this I just want to die and … escape it. But… have husband to think of. …what if he leaves me? I’m scared my sza will chase him away. Uhhhhhhh. …I’m so damn slow…so paralysed I’m stuck strabismus stuck F**k stuck no luck step in front of a truck duck d
own eiderdown pillow sleep… Wtf is wrong with me???
175875929,Wow how did you get to 147? I think before you were like 160 or so while on invega. I am trying to lose weight on invega.
175875930,Unfortunately yes. Don’t want to go in details.
175875931,I think you need to take your medicine again.
174323674,"It’s said that schizophrenia is also about genes (despite we still lack enough evidences), but what about epigenetics? If we can change our genes along time, why not change the schizophrenia genes to the better?"
175875932,I’ve never had any desire to get a tat. I’ve always wanted a small nose ring though.
175875933,Here’s an article about the book from the Guardian UK newspaper. the Guardian – 10 Jan 10 Smile or Die: How Positive Thinking Fooled America and the World by _NAME_... _NAME_ salutes a long-overdue demolition of the suggestion that positive thinking is the answer to all our problems
175875934,What is the worst or craziest most unreal delusion you actual believed was really happening?
175875935,I loved a small metal green night light I liked how it responded to being hugged by slowly warming up from my skin and a cut glass salt pot which i also hugged metal monkey mum experiment or what?
175875936,Had a dream a couple of nights ago when I went back to school (bare in mind Im nearly 30) and talked to my art teacher about how I was gonna learn how to paint and study A level art if she’d teach me. Can’t help but think these paintings helped influence said dream.
175875937,Awww love you!
175875938,People just playing tricks to delight the audience.
175875939,"I have felt quite bad and later in life I am sometimes happy. Eventually you might hear from the people you are trying to contact. I also like walking around in stores, like flowers20 said above."
175875940,Do you see images of the former manager like flashbacks of them?
175875941,How many people here are on a benzodiazepine regularly? I take Valium every day. 1 or 2mg. Getting off it.
175875942,I have this exact same feeling all the time. I could care less whether I lived or died.
175875943,"When I got angry about these side - effects, I got in a fight, with some nurses and, my psychiatrist . . Then they police - reported me, I went before a judge and, they said, he’s completely crazy, every - thing he says is Non - sense and, he has delusions about side - effects, he’s crazy . . So, I got court order to take drugs, for five years, for punching one nurse and, pushing my doctor, so he fell . . Now, I’ve found solid evidence and, proof . . I’m not crazy, the pills CAN do this but, not all get it, it’s personal . . All the things I’ve talked about are known by medicine, as side - effects . . Any good doctor would expect these side - effects, that’s all . ."
175875944,I think this is best to live a good life.
175875945,"Everything ok, what’s going on?"
175875946,"Hmm. Freedom To Choose, So Happiness Evolves. . . You Are Very Welcome!. And Thanx Right Back Atcha!. Have A Great Morning, Noon, Afternoon, Evening, And Or Night!."
175875947,I ran out of my AP
175875948,Just got back from pdoc appointment that did not go well! I'm done with psychiatry!
175875949,"It’s true that too much religion for someone unstable might not be a good thing. Once you find that stability though and have a symptom plateau, maybe then it’s okay to re-integrate that."
175875950,I wish I were more efficient about charging my headphones. I keep wandering off before I've plugged them in. Then I have to wait another hour.
175875951,The medication didnt stop my negative simptoms but because I take a low dose in the evening by morning the side effects arnt so bad Im on haliperidole.
175875952,"Idk about me but I had a gf before sz, I slept at her house on weekends. Sz symptoms broke our relationship 5 years ago and now I am old, 30 y.o., obese, can’t work, have no money, etc I stopped trying and even if my sz is gone in the future I don’t think it will be worth it anymore. Sz made me loose my life."
174323684,"I have just started amisulpride for negative symptoms. It took a few days before i noticed anything at all. Im still on a low dose, 50 mg, and should go up til 200 mg. I really look forward for the full effect. English are not my first language either, but people here dont correct me / us. It’s nice."
175875953,"Yes, that’s what I meant. No one has complete control over the universe."
175875954,_PERSON_ I guess that might be weird don’t try to date on linkedin.
175875955,The Conversation Why bipolar disorder is becoming more 'desirable' than other mental illnesses Are high profile celebrities trivialising bipolar disorder by linking it to creativity?
175875956,I’m told I’ve been delusional since 2008. No relief. But I don’t believe I am delusional. I think it’s really happening.
175875957,"okay i see. sorry. follow your doctors orders. Stay away from fat burners if you think dangerous to your health i understand. Im been on fat burners for years i built a tolerance for it so body can handle the stimulants well. Stick with old fashion diet and exercise. I just like add fat burners to my regiment, thats just me."
175875958,I think it’s a little different in the States… Not too sure what my percentage would be according to the professionals. Just a self-assessment.
175875959,"if you get rejected you can appeal! and during the appeal you get your payments. So if it comes to that you can basically tell a lawyer that, but hopefully you’ll get approved <3 wishing you the best"
175875960,Possible trigger: I have no hope =]
174323689,Psychosis NOS Schizoaffective-depressive type OCD …As far as I know
175875961,I occasionally drink 3-5% drinks like beer and sweet carbonated drinks. More than that and I feel extremely tired and dizzy.
175875962,Welcome back _AT_MENTION_ . I think you have answered your own questions. Take things slow and continue to see your doctor and continue with the meds. Things will get better.
175875963,I sometimes think I might be on the autism spectrum.
175875964,To have an ‘holistic day’
175875965,"I didn’t know that, It does make sense though"
175875966,I do it all the time. I check indeed every day and apply several times a day. I can’t find anything local that pays more than what I make now but I don’t enjoy what I am doing.
175875967,"Thats why there is disability benefits, it helps."
174323686,"I could tell my dad anything right from the beginning of my disease at age 19. Paranoia, delusions, fear, anger: We regularly talked about it all. When it came to my delusions he listened because he was honestly curious about them. And through all my ups and downs with paranoid schizophrenia and all my hospitalizations and my many crisis’s, he was there for me, trying to help me. I should say here that my whole family has been supportive of me ever since I got sick and it was mainly my mom who did all the work behind the scenes finding hospitals and nice group homes for me to live in. And my sisters have helped me more than they could ever imagine with taking me places and including me in activities with their friends, husbands, or boyfriends. But it was mainly my dad who took the role in my early years to visit me and help me the most. I’ve done a lot of stuff thanks to my sisters and eventually with my step-mom and my step-dad. The only fly in the ointment was when after I had the disease for 
20+ years I started having a little trouble hiding it and staying in control and my step-mom started having a negative attitude towards me and seemed to be judging me negatively. That was kind of a shock, I knew her 20 years and I never would have imagined she would do that. But my dad had seen me at my worst and heard all my troubles and never put me down for having my disease. It’s amazing because he was from a small town and his friends were all these tough guys who fought and chased women and they all couldn’t wait to get out of high school and join the service and fight in WWII. The war ended before they could fight in it but they all enlisted anyways and fought in the Korean War. Anyways, he was a smart guy but coming from his background, he knew nothing about schizophrenia when I got diagnosed with it. But he rose to the occasion and dealt with it for 30 years until he died ten years ago. It is just amazing he dealt with my illness so well. I couldn’t say enough good things about him. And he was 
tough but he was actually a nice guy. Not perfect; but he tried to raise us and support us the best he could and though I went down a different road in life than most people both my sisters are doing pretty well for themselves and had good lives and they can thank both my mom and dad for a lot of it. Anyways, just feeling nostalgic. I’m just sitting here reminiscing about my life, I’ve had some odd bumps and turns in my life and somehow survived and I’ve managed to do more than just survive; I’ve had a lot of fun and good experiences. I’m 58 and so far the first half of my life turned out a lot better than I could ever imagine. Considering that when I was the newly diagnosed, psychotic 19 year old schizophrenic staying in a group home and sleeping on a dirty mattress thrown on the floor in a dirty tiny room for a year, going out of my mind with mental illness and suffering with no hope in sight, I’ve not done too badly. I couldn’t imagine any future back then. But with my dad’s and the rest of 
my family’s support, lots of luck and lots of hard work I’ve not done too badly for myself. May I be just as lucky during the next half of my life. Here’s hoping."
175875968,This is another common mistake. You don’t NEED to be married. Marriage isn’t for EVERYONE.
175875969,Have the voices every put you on crazy adventures that lasted more than a week?
175875970,How long did it take for the delusion to stop after you were medicated?
175875971,They used to break in all the time and try to change the way I look.
175875972,"Ask yourself what is the best way to sustain yourself, and let that guide you. You know your own tolerance for pain. Try to keep being constructive, but realize there might be setbacks."
175875973,"If you don’t like this site, go away"
175875974,"I haven’t left my house in almost a week. This will be my new normal. My husband bought groceries last week and we stocked up, but we’re running out pretty quick. The groceries won’t last very long. I’m scared the pharmacies, grocery stores, and doctor’s offices with close. I’m life-dependent on insulin; I’ll die without it. I hope I don’t run out of supplies. I have moderate-severe asthma and type 1 diabetes, both of which the CDC website warns increase your chance of COVID-19 complications, such as death. I hope I don’t get it. I hope my family will all be safe during this. My husband is still having to go into work every weekday. I hope they let him work from home soon and that he doesn’t lose his job due to the economy crashing."
175875975,I was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder bipolar type and my psychiatrist told me recently that I’ll need to take the antipsychotic I’m on for the rest of my life.
175875976,That about sums it up.
175875977,When I missed my paliperidone I read comics for hours and stayed up like 4 hours later than usual. After a day or two without meds my brain gets dark tho
175875978,"Trying to sleep tonight, how do you calm yourself down? Also when I wake up I feel a sort of panic. I will try to drink some warm milk."
175875979,That’s a very ignorant thing to say. But I understand you want to preserve your relationship with your dad. Good luck with that.
175875980,Ah I see! What have you been up to?
175875981,fifteen characters
175875982,Reincarnation sucks. I’m not doing this ???? again. I pray to God explicitly to avoid that scenario.
174323690,"If you get stabilized on a med that helps you with few side effects life can be pretty good. Give these med’s a good try, and if they still aren’t working try asking your pdoc for different med’s. Keep trying. Life will get better."
175875983,"It’s just coincidence, I remember having that kind of thing happen alot when I was Psychotic. It’s also possible that they didn’t even say the word. Sometimes when you hear things just out of earshot they are garbled and your mind fills in the rest. But even if they did say the word, so what? Really…I mean how common of a word was it?"
175875984,"I have been slightly paranoid the last few days. I think it is caused by citrus interfering with my meds. I started drinking orange juice a week ago and now my mind gets paranoid and I walked a red light today because I was totally out of it and a bus would have hit me if it didn’t slow down. I stopped drinking citrus some years ago, but I forgot why and started again…now I remember why and I will quit again. Orange juice tastes good but it’s not worth dying for"
175875985,I see thanks for the input…didn’t know this can be thought disorder I did mention these trouble thoughts to my doctor…he never mentioned disorganized thought or thought disorder.I am going to do some reading about this subject
175875986,Reading usually does.
175875987,"Hello, have you gradually reduced or quit cigarettes completely?"
175875988,that I am alive
175875989,_AT_MENTION_ That’s because you were told they were hallucinations to keep them from being caught And exposed and you believe it. I don’t buy that for me. Not in a million years But if that works for you then that’s good for you.
175875990,I thought you were married firemonkey?
175875991,"The only action so far, i changed the nurse, i tell the doctor next appointment, but what can the doctor do ? Maybe it could be signs of an upcoming stroke and the misplaced injection was coincidental?"
175875992,A post was merged into an existing topic: Word play in psychosis
175875993,"I’ll watch Tv everyday. Sometimes I let it run until I felt asleep, then my console and Tv turns off, when I’m asleep, after a while."
174323694,Thanks. I’ve ordered some fish oil. I’ll give it a go for 6 months and see what happens…
175875994,Yea there is good and bad fats. Trans and saturated fats are bad. Cholesterol is also bad. Too much omega 6 is also bad. _NAME_ oil is the best oil.
175875995,"They are, but tbh it’s funny messing with them. It helps me cope to take a more chilled approach to them, if I was to say no no and get defensive or emotional then they’d be winning. Wouldn’t they?"
174323696,stop doing drugs. i would contest the sz diagnosis or ask for a second opinion.
175875996,They kept changing your diagnosis correct?
175875997,"Since I have a low income, I can afford to see my dentist at a local community health center. They have a sliding scale fee system for people like me who don't make much money per year. A big way I cope with having to see the dentist every so often is knowing that I can afford to see him, and knowing that I can afford it if my teeth need dental work."
175875998,that’s sad for the crow. nature is harsh yea…
175875999,Anyone else ever noticed someone else's anxiety? I noticed when my mom and I went to the grocery store the other day she was like super nervous. Walking around like super fast and stuff. I don't blame her for it because she hadn't been there for a while due to the pandemic. I sometimes feel like I can sense other people's emotions pretty easily.
175876000,I’m an INFJ. 151515
175876001,Are you working part-time? by any chance? Cos they hate working PIP claimants. Just a thought. It gives more ammo not to give it to you.
175876002,"It’s hard to get started. Really hard. But the endorphins make it addictive. Once you get going, even a week in, you feel a difference."
175876003,Still like the idea of treating myself it it may end up being to a streaming music service instead...my free google play will end before December.....anyone have a preference between YouTube music and Apple Music?
175876004,I was squeezing a spray bottle for a little while and afterwards my hand was moving on it’s own. I guess it could be the meds.
175876005,"20 minutes until I leave to go to my therapist, then after that I'll hopefully pay rent."
175876006,I must be blind. I didnt even notice guys doing this ?
175876007,"sometimes i listen to local talk radio, but just yesterday, i was thinking the whole thing is an attempt to form and shape a collective will, anoint a leader, and to take action. so now im a little put off by it. so i wonder can we act independently? or do we actually need a collective will to chart the course and shape our future?"
175876008,I’ve done it all. Nothing more to do. I’m 50. Just want to see my grandson.
175876009,I have a new psychiatrist who I’ve only seen twice. He is just temporary.
175876010,I don’t think anxiety causes voices. Voices are more from psychosis. How can a pdoc not know that??
175876011,"I am with myself almost all the time. There is no single, alone self."
175876012,Psychotic is mostly a person suffering from hallucinations and unable to distinguish reality from their perceptions. Psychopaths are evil people.
174323701,"I wanted to know what was wrong with me, and I accepted it at first. Then I read online about it and I flipped out at the prospect of having to live with this."
175876014,Just made some decaf coffee
175876015,"When I was psychotic, I had delusions and became a devout Muslim. I thought I had to change my name to _NAME_. I almost did. thats how I know how much it costs. lol. I’m Agnostic now though.lol"
175876016,"In my old house, the people who lived behind me were just like that. And my neighbors all thought my former husband and I were doing something illegal because we bought the house at 23 years old. The lady across the street called the cops to say that, literally. So crazy."
175876017,Prevent people from keeping secrets.
175876018,"I understand what you might be speaking about. It makes sense to me, and I also think the same. Even if I’m really young, I am fully aware that psychotic illness has matured me both in knowledge and appreciation quite significantly! You never know what tomorrow brings though. And that’s a fact."
175876019,what do you want the most? Go for that… i’d get headphones but then im crazy about music… but i dunno what you would enjoy the most.
175876020,That’s wonderful _AT_MENTION_! Glad you’re feeling better.
175876021,Thank you dear. I appreciate it
175876022,"I found out mine is because my ego is avoiding pain and so distracting myself by not thinking too deeply (which also prevents the depth of happiness, thus motivation). I also usually hear taunting voices when I get inspired… Thus making me defensive and egoistic as a distraction. maybe it is similar for you? I’m going to try taking my meds continuously and see if I can feel deeply without voices."
175876023,"Why is there so much panic over this virus? I can think of hundreds of other things that are actively killing us and more harmful than this thing… An invisible enemy like this would be perfect to cause panic, oh yes everyone panic FEAR panic FEAR!! It’s funny because the people panicking, stocking up on food and everything is going to disrupt the chain and be a lot more dangerous than the virus ever will probably if it’s gets much worst…"
174323700,"Yes, I tried once. It was bad experience. She knew nothing about schizophrenia and coping skills. She was just asking about my friends and where they are, what they do, how often we talk etc. I will try again, my psychiatrist recommended a therapist he knows."
175876024,on the streets.when I’m walking next to the shops.they think its funny.hey look at that guy hahaha.
175876025,Did pump at home. Had a vegan protein bar. Get to spend the night with my boyfriend.
175876026,"Why do you talk in riddles? Are you ill? Or can you speak in plain English, without using capital letters unnecessarily?"
175876027,Is it okay to do exercise like cardio while taking Zoloft? And also can you take vitamins as well? I’m on my 6day I think with Zoloft. My heart is keep beating fast sometimes like I’m having a nervous breakdown. But everybody say that the effect of Zoloft is with in 4-8weeks. I want to calm my nerve down. I’m scared that I will end up having a nervous breakdown Thank you guys
175876028,Probiotics...boring lol
175876029,Vegemite. It’ tasty. It’s savoury and it’s b complex.
175876030,Fix it please that would be nice.
175876031,"Maybe humiliated was the wrong word, I dono what’s another word for outraged"
174323697,"Of course. I have a right to defend myself, to make people know that I’m not dangerous, that I’m not a bad person."
175876032,yea ritalin did same to me… made me more psychotic after a while.
175876033,That’s great. Congratulations on your new case manager. You seem very happy.
175876034,"I have 20% evil voices, 50% random voices, 30% good voices"
175876035,Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_
175876036,"when i tilted my head into left side (left ear facing to the ground) , it feels like sth is heavily flew to my ear / left side of my head, my left part of face feel like a ballon or there r liquid there. anyone have these kind of problem as well?"
175876037,Sue whoever stuck a hot brand on you.
175876038,No I am not diagnosed with diabetes. Psychiatrist prescribed me Metformin for weight loss but I dont always take it.
175876039,"Yeah, I would much rather address the poverty of thought and Imagination. I’m doing fine now with the voices. They’ve never been that bad"
175876040,I hope going outside helps you.
175876041,"When I first got here he was a little cold and indifferent and distant all except the awkward time he kissed me like my second day here. But he seems to be coming around finally, he laughs and jokes and does little things for me. Yesterday I made a comment about being too hot and he got up and turned on the ac for me. I thought that was nice. And the other day when he went out he brought me back a soda and a treat. I think finally he has put the past behind us and is willing to move forward. It feels good."
175876042,"Only one. When really stressed I have been told I dissociate into a 6 year old boy named _NAME_. (That’s not my name). I was sexually abused as a child at that age, so that may be why. Although it hasn’t happened in a while. I don’t remember losing any time recently."
175876043,"medicalxpress.com Genetic predisposition to schizophrenia may increase risk of psychosis from... It has been long been known that cannabis users develop psychosis more often than non-users, but what is still not fully clear is whether cannabis actually causes psychosis and, if so, who is most at risk. A new study published in Translational..."
175876044,Where do I draw the line between myself and others? When do I do charity and when do I do self care?
175876045,For example l-glutamate or glutamic acid. I’m looking for a good place to buy them from and can’t find many. Anyone know of a place?
175876046,"Good luck, it might get worse… If you don’t stick to one antipsychotics. Up to you"
175876047,Are you sure you’re on the right forum? I think you’re wasting your time and everyone else’s time.
175876048,I honestly thought it was just dumb.
175876049,"Debating taking one of my klonopin. I can't calm down. I'm not anxious or upset or anything, I feel great I just can't calm down though because I'm extremely excited and happy, not sure why. I've been pacing most of the day, I'm just so happy. Only problem is I don't see sleep happening and it's been an issue for a few days"
175876050,Yes this happened to me. They invented these crazy stories that I was the Centre of
175876051,I just got an email telling me I'm so incredibly loved. I needed that.
175876052,The sound of one hand clapping?
174323707,I too went hypersexual both times that I first went on abilify.
175876053,"@ Desoxyn I get derealisation, it sucks. We up my AP when it happens. Mine last for a week tops."
175876054,Your family are really mean to you _USER_ID_. It’s really not nice that the mock you.
175876055,"Tell your husband about your FIL and about your grandfather-in-law. Also, do not let either of these people move in with you under any circumstances. For that reason alone, you need to tell your husband."
175876056,"Well, I suppose someone deleted their reply, but there’s an update. My mom says it was very obvious that something other than OCD was very wrong with me, but no one knew what because I was incapable of recognizing my strange ideas as anything abnormal. I woke up one morning to find that the house was completely empty, only, instead of thinking that everyone was out getting coffee or at the store, I assumed that the rest of my family had been taken for the rapture and that I had been left behind, so I cried until everyone came home with donuts. Another time, I failed a physics test because the _PERSON_ was sending me waves and showing me which answers to choose so that I could send a message to the scribe of God, pledging my loyalty. I don’t remember that one as clearly, so some of the details may be a bit off, but the sentiment remains the same."
175876057,Nope………………………
174323709,"No I don’t think so, the max dose is700 mg per day."
175876058,I did it through a doctor and they still follow me… Right now the hope is kindda gone… Im having one of the nights - you know? Been having a little too many of thoes a the time…
175876059,"I have not been allowed to drive basically due to what my Mom described as an eye problem which has messed up certain aspects of my life which I have bitched about on this site frequently. I must admit now though that it would be difficult or impossible to do so now due to the effects of the meds as I sometimes nod off to sleep and have major problems with nodding off during the daytime. I also am not always very alert, and can’t see very well."
175876060,"That's thorny. If it's a cat, I would never let them know, but yea, can't hide having a dog... Pet deposits are such a rip off. They should just charge you for new carpet and call it even it think. Instead they get greedy and want to up, up , up the price. Money orders? wtf... that's unprofessional. I wonder why the regional manager is inspecting. They have to give you a notice to go into your private residence. about how many apartments does this place have all together?"
175876061,My sister got put on prozac but she didn't take it. I told her not to. She got prescribed Ativan too but my moms drunk friend stole it.... Her stressors have been removed so she doesn't get panic attacks anymore.. Still has anxiety though..
175876062,Sorry to hear that. What was it bothering you about? Can you focus on something else and try to block it out?
175876063,I’d say yes. To get to those big goals you’ve got to start small. Build up some credits doing the hard things first. Get better at socializing. Get better at your health mentally and physically. I’m 49 but I’ve lived a pretty darned good life so my needs have changed. I just like to exist without anyone hassling me. I do that well. If your young enough then these things are very doable even with sz. Plenty of folk over the years have moved from these webboards into life and never returned…You’d be surprised.
175876064,ok then …
175876065,"I need a stimulant stronger than caffeine. Ha. Sorry for my posts complaining, I have been doing a lot of that lately."
175876066,Interesting. Pretty extreme solution though.
175876067,"My gf read about injecting antipsychotic,we might ask the doctor tomorrow,although honestly I don’t know the difference"
174323710,"U up? I find them in the mornings, the small hangovers from last night’s needs. Tuesday, 2:24AM, Facebook message: “U up?” Thursday, 4:16AM, Instagram DM: “sup?” Saturday, 11:51PM, a text: “hey How arc yoou?” Sunday, 12:01AM, a text: “Hey can u talk otp?” Sunday, 12:05AM, a text: “_USER_ID_ I really need to talk to you.” Sunday, 12:07AM: missed call. 12:10 am: missed call. 12:12AM: missed call. 12:12AM: missed call. No voicemail. Missed call. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. Your life, I mean. You were supposed to fall in love. You were supposed to have a friend, or four. You were supposed to paint or teach or serve coffee or surf. You were supposed to leave your house from time to time, maybe even every day. You were supposed to know the feeling of the sun on your face. I was not supposed to be the sun around which you spun and spun and spun. But I know you only call me in the night, brother, because that is when the voices call you. And I know that there’s some hope a
t first, when they start, because they start so softly. Hardly whispers, quick static hisses in your ear, so distant they are almost only in your head. But I know that they come closer. And I know they are persistent. And I know they know your name. And they know that it is 3AM, and you are up."
175876068,"Teenagers are so full of beans, I think, because they don’t get any of the ecstatic love making, which results in their doing lots of things like sport and study."
175876069,"Having fun with the site habitica. It's a habit tracking site and app, you can get potions and eggs when you gain experience for checking off the habits you put in then hatch them into different kinds of pets/animals with different themes. It's a lot of fun and keeps me motivated"
175876070,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175876071,Of course is a delusion. I also had it In The Past
174323711,Don’t worry about your thoughts. That’s a level of neuroticism that a schizophrenic can’t control. Just don’t manifest shitty thoughts into actions. But feel free to think of whatever you want to. It’s your brain. Going to cite a _NAME_ quote: “You don’t need a loving philosophy to love others.” Also vice versa seems to hold up.
175876072,I watch them to find friends and support them.
175876073,"2.5 mg (as needed) of Ativan, here called Tavor"
175876074,I have mild tardive dyskinesia. I take cogentin which helps some. It doesn’t really bother me that much. I only really notice it when I’m trying to sleep.
174323703,"I’m afraid to try a new antipsychotic but I’m not doing well. I have very severe positive symptoms on meds. My illness is progressive, I remember when I recovered in 2012, I was fine, I went to school, I socialized a lot. I don’t know if it’s from taking anti-psychotic for more than 10 years but I can’t figure out a way to fix my racing thoughts/intrusive thoughts."
175876075,Yes I believe I do
175876076,"My memory isnt that good, dont know if it’s the meds or the psychoses though."
175876077,"Oh my gosh, yes. We had a folder full of educational modiles, 17 videos, and a booklet. I’m happy to help you out with everything I learned. Feel free to PM me with any questions. I learned all about type 2 and type 1."
175876078,the more friction it occurs. It´s becoming clear for me that the most important reason I don´t socialize is because the friction once you get closer to someone.
175876079,You mean globally? AFAIK a lot of countries have introduced restrictions on who can travel out and which travelers can enter.
175876080,484700BE-D7C6-4EE6-AF91-2F9A552D105B.jpeg 3264×2448 1.56 MB
174323712,I have never met or heard of someone who does not get negative symptoms on aps. if they are suddenly eating more or drinking more caffeine and claim to be negative symptom free then id like to see what they would feel like without the overeating and caffeine
175876081,Yes I know the drill. I have an emergency services number and I know to tell my doc or therapist when I’m having trouble. I talked to my therapist this morning for our regular session.
175876082,"Okay, thank you, I will"
175876083,"Feeling low today. Trying to decide if I should text my support people or let it slide. I'm not depressed proper, just not feeling good."
175876084,"I'm going to have lasagna, bread, salad, and angel food cake tonight. I can't wait....I'm hungry!!! Lol!"
175876085,I also suspect hyperactivity of 5-HT2a receptors is a factor as atypical AP’s are 5-HT2a antagonist. It is also interesting that hallucinogens such as LSD are powerful 5-HT2a agonists.
175876086,"Sometimes it Takes Some Thought. nytimes.com A Fight for Men’s Rights, in California Courts Ladies’ nights, career seminars and paternity fraud are all on the docket. Interesting Article to Ponder Upon. What is Men’s Rights?. Why is it Necessary?. Is There a Risk, on Either Side of The Fence?. Anyone Have Any Thoughts on Thus Article?. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175876087,"Vaping in half an hour or so. I brushed my hair. It's past my knees when I'm sitting down, have to get it cut."
175876088,_AT_MENTION_ are you doing okay?
175876089,"_USER_ID_. Just seen it’s a group setting I’d feel the same way, I don’t think I’m great around other people"
175876090,"I thought i saw a picture of my ex girlfriend and my heart just dropped. It looked exactly like her, exactly. Well, it's good that I still have some emotions after all."
175876091,"Only antipsychotics cause problems, other meds are mostly harmless."
175876092,Catatonia responds very well to meds.
175876093,In science the thing is you get up to the level of being a PI by having entirely new techniques...you can either make them up which is rare or get into the right labs where you learn them when they’re brand new.....those labs tend to be at th ivies.....
175876094,It’s not an insult. I’m delusional all the time. It’s a fact of our lives. The sooner you accept that the sooner you can work on recovery.
175876095,_AT_MENTION_. I think it’s mostly found in salt-nic juice and they only come in some nicotine
175876096,"Just had a five minute conversation with my T since I am having a lot of delusions today. Kind of helped me get my footing just hearing her voice. She's just like, hang on.....you're doing all the right things. Text me if you need to and I'll get back to you. Hang in there. Hang on. You can do this."
175876097,"You’ll bounce back. Caffeine withdrawal is a thing, but the flatness is most likely just temporary"
175876098,I’m so sorry _AT_MENTION_. Please take good care of yourself today.
175876099,"Having a job is good,but i think winner doesn’t hold on to a job,they are productive,have goals and stay healthy"
175876100,"Also I know I’m getting bad sleep in general because my eyes are darker around them. Like it’s darker around my eyes. (Idk how to phrase that). Plus I woke up, and I had went down like 4-5 pounds. Crazy huh? I’m sure it was all water weight but I started to get scared cuz I got up to...well a high weight. When I get bad sleep I gain weight, no matter how good I eat. When I get good sleep I lose weight. Idk how to explain it. Also when I get bad sleep my digestive system doesn’t work right like it should."
175876101,"I agree with _AT_MENTION_ , keep it in one thread. I have also wanted to question if you were taking meds as you seem a bit out there, no offense meant. You do seem to have some degree of insight though which is good."
175876102,_AT_MENTION_ I am glad your alright. I hope you get better soon .
175876103,"And that’s the key. Being a better listener but not having to be a great or perfect one. AA has a saying : “The goal is progress, not perfection.”"
175876104,Mr. _PERSON_ is med-compliant and gets all the nookie he needs. Please stop posting misleading crap in the community.
175876105,That I can spoil all the fun by not offering to participate until plans are canceled. It goes along with feeling I need attention. I usually think I’ll die if I don’t get my own way.
175876106,People are constantly asking me why I’m upset when I’m not. I guess my default facial expression is that of pissy. How do I go about changing my face? I would like to come off more approachable.
175876107,"Yes, I found that book too. I really actually enjoy reading ""Feeling Good"". It is calming for my mind even to just read it. It is meant as ""bibliotherapy"" which I just found out is a thing. :) I really encourage everyone to start reading it."
175876108,"I wasn’t sure if that was you or not. But yeah, love the art, I bet you get a fantastic grade!"
175876109,I just want to say that my intuitive thoughts did improve after my antipsychotics was raised a couple of times.
175876110,So sad. Hang in there. Sending you and your family good thoughts.
175876111,Thank you for your kind words.
175876112,I’m compassionate enough.
175876113,I’ve thought that just watching a game on tv I could influence the outcome of a football game. I’ve also thought that people hundreds of miles away could hear what I was saying.
175876114,"Funny you mention it I just got home from my own dentist a couple hours ago they drilled and filled three cavities, it wasn’t pleasant but even if I lose my teeth someday the guilt and shame that would follow it as if I hadn’t at least tried wouldn’t be there My best advice is to get a waterproof electric toothbrush and brush in the shower in the morning"
175876115,Please don’t encourage delusions people. It’s not appropriate and lets support those who aren’t doing well. You get a warning which this is. Please be kind and not so involved in your own head space that you don’t see people struggling.
175876116,Wine is nasty people should just drink grape juice instead
175876117,Any ideas what I should do from 12p to 4p? I am thinking cleaning or ironing.
174323713,"I really doubt those big prophets could have schizophrenia, they were too high functioning. Maybe other psychotic disorders."
175876118,It’s such an amazing work! You are talented!
175876119,I think you are a great mom !!
175876120,It’s just temporary ! We were goofing around in another thread.
175876121,Voices which insult me & Voices which describe what I do & Depression & Disorganized thinking & Thoughts insertion & Suicide/homicide & Trumanomatrix
175876122,"It finally occurred to me that I'd better charge this new pod and then it might produce vapor. So, that did the trick. The flavor is straight menthol and it isn't a good one. Hopefully I'll get used to it. But this one I really have to be smart about, and only charge it when no one will notice it. Dreading the new roommate situation again."
175876123,Thanks _AT_MENTION_.
175876124,Thanks. I guess so. That’s what the pharmacist said. My sister said my brother-in-law was sick two days after his Shingles shot.
175876125,"I feel better when I keep to my strict routine. Everyday its meds, excersie, meditation, and good sleep. Im working on hygiene, and I brush my teeth everyday but slack when it comes to showering. I make those four things my daily goal, and I have to say just forcing myself to do those things makes me feel a million times better. Do you have any daily rituals or routines?"
175876126,some cands of dr pepper.
175876127,Eat ???? _PERSON_
175876128,"Websites are ok but there are so many of them out there it is very expensive to get one noticed, if you make one"
175876129,"_NAME_, he crashlanded on our roof, one of our elderly neighbors took care of him."
175876130,I don’t think my mental health can get any better.
175876131,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175876132,"My pdr apt is this week, he said he’ll call this week but didn’t say which day."
175876133,Going to jail or being homeless
175876134,"I take 250mg haldol injection, and two other APs. I wonder why my shot doesn’t work."
175876135,I can’t have anyone from group over to hang out. My in laws bias is behind that rule. Claiming I never know when someone will flip out or “lose it”
175876136,Keep doing what you want
174323717,Maybe in a way. I think I don’t make attachments the way other people do. I know I don’t communicate as well as I should. I just don’t like to talk. I like things quiet. Talking bothers me. It makes it hard to make and keep friends when you don’t like to talk or listen to someone talk. Friends shcmiends.
174323718,"Four weeks ago I wanted to switch off Zyprexa because of the weight gain and being hungry all the time. My primary care doc wants me to lose weight because of the arthritis in my leg. My pdoc put me on 5mg Abilify. I started hallucinating on 5mg after a couple of weeks, and a week ago I asked my primary care doc to up the dose until I could see a pdoc. He gave me 10mg. Four days ago I stopped hallucinating and yesterday felt like I was coming back to my senses. My pdoc today gave me a prescription for 10mg. He said he wanted to keep the dose as low as possible due to the Akathesia side effect. So it looks like I’m set for the time being."
175876137,"Sweet potatoes are the best this time of year, so tasty and filling."
175876138,"Yes sedatives work for me too I am on CBD oil, trazodone for sleep, Latuda for my sz, and six other meds _AT_MENTION_._PERSON_ I might try flavored coffee so I can get up and going. I have no will to get up"
174323724,You totally have good luck like that air.
175876139,"Yes, I took them."
175876140,"Had dinner, did the dishes, now time to relax"
175876141,I had a male doctor tell me I shouldn’t have children cause of my diagnosis… safe to say I never went back to him again
175876142,Why you don’t want meds? You don’t have SZ? Its dangerous for a SZic to stop meds.
175876143,I’ve been craving for mild wired feeling I used to feel with seroquel and latuda. Now I’m waiting for SSRI to get at least happy. I don’t think I can’t take anymore dopamine increase since I’m hearing faint voice in my head.
175876144,in class right now
175876145,It’s hard to police but I think we do get tourists. Still. I joined back in 1999 and know how bad the moderation was on the old site. Mind you there was a sense of community too but it ended up being nasty. Like no offence. I think some people with different diagnosis can negatively affect this community. I used to fight it but I try not to these days. The thing is that if you use psychosis as the standard then your going to get those who don’t necessarily suffer a lifetime like most people with sz. Saying that. Moderation is the best it’s been for years. It’s not easy and there’s always politic when people get together. You can’t beat politic among humans.
175876146,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175876147,"A while ago I saw a bunch of crows resting in the grass at night taking turns keeping watch. There’s was hundreds of them all just resting and chilling. But I felt euphoric at the time and suddenly felt like they were family and they were telling me they were watching over me too, and that I could rest too. Then I thought the crow is my spirit animal. I don’t even believe in that sort of thing. But it felt so very real. I wasn’t afraid I was extremely content, life made sense I was like a crow. Anyway it’s just one of many things where the mind try to connect dots and patterns. Since we’re prone to psychosis id say our minds bend a lot easier to things."
175876148,Lol ur funny… 7u7u7i8i
175876149,"How is it for you, _AT_MENTION_"
175876150,How to get rid of paranoia
175876151,I’m not too sure to be honest I know Scotland and northern Ireland have a lot of control now.
175876152,"Sorry, but I doubt any stress test takes 4hours or any medical test for that matter unless it’s under a general anesthetic. Hope your mum doesn’t have a dodgy doctor!"
175876153,I thought about the Phone ringing like 10 seconds before it rang the day before yesterday.
175876154,"If you can apologize, that’s a good thing to do. If an apology isn’t possible, I ask myself “Why did I do that.” and the best thing I can ever come up with is that I wanted to hurt somebody because I had forgotten that I was a hurt person, myself. Pushed and shoved through life when I’m hurt and not allowed to know it makes a person mean. I then begin to pamper myself. Yup, pamper, don’t punish. I know there is a tendency to punish ourselves. That’s just another pain that doesn’t solve anything. Good luck,"
175876155,“God left this place a long time ago.”
175876156,image2663×2146 1.79 MB
175876157,"Well, this much is obvious. I wondered if there are any examples of the contrary. I guess there are none."
175876158,"_NAME_ was rejected by 30 agents before he got one. He used to carry around one of those letters as motivation. Apparently, he had no talent. _PERSON_, _PERSON_. She will never amount to anything. Literary agents are not very good at identifying talent. Obviously. Congrats on the ISBN number. That is awesome."
175876159,"am with ya. on my mobility scooter, before it died, was lit up, i had vest and fluro tape. Yeah it hit 32kmh easily. i miss it. Legal battle. Hit by a truck riding, yeah, heart attack at home...... well. Got to enjoy life, safely as best, no bubbles. riding more attentive than walking! HT"
175876160,"Maybe try pacing yourself and not get winded until you can talk to your psychiatrist. I know we have to exert ourselves in order to burn calories or whatever. But I would think every little bit helps. I found _PERSON_ to be a tad calming. Maybe that would work against you but I doubt it. Just start out slow and work your way back into it. Since you seem to have a history of health anxiety and have had cardio tests, I would say you are okay. Though you said it was about four years ago, as long as you have stayed fairly healthy I would figure a little vigorous exercise would be okay. But if you haven't done it for awhile, I would say start slow. And pace yourself. Though I am not a doctor and probably have no knowledge of what I am talking about. I know moderate exercise can make us feel good in many ways. I prefer walking. I use to cross country ski and loved it. Best wishes for a good day _PERSON_. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175876161,"Atleast you’ve come out and been honest, ngl had an inkling that was what happened. Good on you for 1 being honest and 2 paying her back. I’m sure the police won’t make you pay another £25."
175876162,No for giving weight.
175876163,Maybe ask about sertraline ? It really helped me but it took some time for it to start working.
175876164,What does it say for Vraylar? Is that a website?
175876165,Benzos moodstabilizers is also interesting.
175876166,I’ve never heard of people reacting to B12 that way. Obviously not a good choice for you
175876167,how long till you noticed symptoms reducing? What were they? I have a mixture of all:^(
175876168,Get a friend to reality ground you. Someone you trust.
175876169,"1 minute read but I can’t find something like it on the forum. It’s a hard read but I need the advice from the professionals who can take it. I think there is a conspiracy against me… the people outside are paid actors who are Satanist in their agenda by making me think they are against me because there is no evidence and its “evil” and the ordinary people around me think in sin and burn harder in hell. The voices hate me, they are making me have a sexual delusion, at first it was just my social worker from new Zealand who deliberately flirted with me for 8 months and then when I had sex with someone she somehow knew and then got really pissed off in her voice for about 4 months - literally screaming at me (none of this can be proved because nothing was actually said in conversation about it) and started having sex all the time for 2 years (even flew all around Europe) because that was her job secretly (and this was to make me crazy and have a psychotic episode). They want people to have 
sex in dirty ways and even pay them lots of money because its sinful lust. They have an endless money supply because it all just comes out of a computer - out of nothing (thin air). It’s a massive Satanist organization. They REALLY hate me – they are making the women I used to _NAME_ off to in high school and college (these were friends even) have sex all day in the dirtiest ways you can imagine by at first making them hate me by destroying their life and then paying them obscene amounts of money, what’s crazy is that I don’t even see it, instead I’m going see it when I burn in hell. They suddenly deleted their Facebooks with loads of followers and pictures ect. They killed my cats (2) one with kidney failure and another with ataxia. They steal stuff from my house. How do they do this all? Well, it crazy I know but they have access to nanotechnology (alien technology) which was told to them when your dead and then bringing you back to life, they can see you with a “third eye” which can see you, 
feel your emotions, read your mind and can do anything to the body and brain. The people at the top of this Satanist organization are going to be demons in hell and the rest of the workers will get an easier time in hell or “protected” by these demons if they help carry out their work. Obviously, none of this can be true and parts may be wrong because there is no evidence… They are also wrecking everything else in my life, job, friends, even my family are reading my mind and insulting me and trying to kick me out. Lights, internet and computer parts are blowing up. My future girlfriend will mess me around and cheat on me but I can’t prove it. I know I need to take new meds but the voices are saying even clozapine won’t work this time. I have a lot of sexual dysfunction and can’t ejaculate any sperm even though I’ve literally been on no meds for about 2 years waiting for something to come back (the voices are still not that loud). When I go on even a low dose like 5mg of olanzapine it just gets w
orse and don’t get me started on 20mg of olanzapine. I was previously on 300mg of clozapine and 10mg of olanzapine for 10 years and had absolutely no problems. Wth is going on??"
175876170,"I wouldn’t say I promote my illness, but I am honest about it. I don’t mind people talking about their illnesses, as long as it doesn’t turn into “look at me, I’m special” or “my horse is taller than yours”"
175876171,I feel little drowsiness in morning if i take it. Should i try at night ? I also take paroxetine 12.5 in morning and 25mg in evening
175876172,No one believed me when I said I had delusions and hallucinations at work that interfered with me working. When I told people I knew that I was on disability no one believed it because I was so awesome at working doing my nuclear medicine job for 14 years. My friends still don’t believe I’m sick because I don’t talk about it or show it. Once I start talking about it you can tell I’m out of my mind.
175876173,You can’t choose who is in your family But my family is very clear That you can choose Who isn’t
175876174,"One, last big break, they kept me for a while, involuntary. My breaks normally consist of me retreating and hiding from the world for a while, afraid to come out into the world. I managed to stay out of the hospital for many years. I thought I was psychic for many years"
175876175,"Thanks. The photo I took didn’t turn out too good, they’re colored with light spring green and light yellow. If I use a darker crayon, the markers I did won’t show up. My mom got me this coloring book for Christmas. It really helps me focus."
175876176,Home with a higher dose of meds. Had a horrible experience in the hospital.
175876177,"I am not sure. I know I made my one gmail in 2000. Pretty sure it was then, but I could be wrong."
174323727,Very funny Mr _PERSON_
175876178,Porridge Portion of shepherds pie with ketchup Dinner and lamb chop fat Small bowl of cereal Toast and one chocolate
175876179,"I have been diagnosed with Schizophreniform, schizoaffective, undifferentiated sz, paranoid sz"
175876180,"I used to clean and keep my apartment tidy. Not so much these days. With the illness, I also let go of myself. I don’t do things because I can’t. It’s just, I don’t see the point no more. My negs have improved, I’m not like when I first got sick. I dunno!"
174323728,"I’d say 14 or 16 I realised something was happening. It wasn’t till 18 I sought help for things and it wasn’t till 21 I suspected it was sz. Diagnosis came at 22/23. Even till this day, the main psychiatrist I had been seeing labels it at psychotic disorder and not schizophrenia despite a ward dr specifically diagnosing it as sz. Medics need to discuss things with each other. Their notes on paper between emails is poor practice. If at all is even this much done."
174323733,"Not everyone who has schizophrenia requires meds, some find other ways. The medical community pushes meds out without ever trying any other healing methods for the individual. It’s about profit not healing."
175876181,They tell me iam the weakest being out of all the aliens and people cuz I smoke cigs
175876182,I better start strength training now so I can carry my mom later. I totally have to reenact this book… Love You Forever https://www.amazon.com/dp/0920668372/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_l.-EDbT1RZ6XK Warning: that ???? is a tearjerker.
175876183,OK guys if anyone is reading this I’m actually OK. I’m a beautiful person. Actually Just he isnt Wat ever you guys think that’s up to you. Just voicing my opinion.
175876184,"Uh, intimidation, mind games, magic, hypersensitivity? One of those is my best guess. Maybe nothing is going on or maybe something. I’m at my wits end. You tell me."
175876185,"My meds don’t work anymore. I’m on Isocarboxide (MAO inhibitor) Abilify 10 mg and mirtazapine 15 mg. I’m tired and labile, some days are okay, but most days I’m depressed. It’s changing all the time. MAO Inhibitor was the best drug for a period of time, but it stopped working (tachyphylaxis its called when drugs stop working) I’m having a meeting with my Pdoc tuesday. I know she can’t put me on opioids (miracle drug for me) and Ketamine is too expensive. So i guess i will ask her to switch from 10 mg abilify to 5 mg Olanzapine/zyprexa instead and increase the dose of mirtazapine to 30/45 mg."
175876186,#6
175876187,I’m not really motivated either but Noom helps you because it tells you when to eat. I don’t know if I’ll be able to do 10000 steps but you work your way up. It’s gradual.
175876188,"Hang in there, _NAME_. Maybe you should have a talk with your supervisor."
175876189,"Oh and I'm not just using my play time for my phone. I get on my switch from time to time too, plus draw in my sketchbook, and go places with fiance."
175876190,"What’s the worst you can do, get a post hidden? Protocal. I bet everybody wonders."
175876191,The voices used to be fun when they made me believe that I was jesus and had me talk to aliens and I had all these other delusions like stones had magic in them and gods where talking to me trying to help me
175876192,It can also heighten your aware to things like veiled attacks or of hidden abuses that maybe going on within your local enviroment due to the circustances.
175876193,"Do you do any breathing exercises for the anxiety? That often helps. Meditation helps too. Also therapy can be a great support and help to sort things out. I am sorry you are going through a separation during this time. I hope things work out and get better. Keep hanging in there, I hope you have a good weekend too. Well it is actually almost over now. Take care and have a good week. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175876194,"“There is yet inadequate proof to say conclusively that psychosis causes permanent brain damage. But researchers are still pursuing a better understanding of the neurological impact of psychotic episodes. And, regardless of the cause-and-effect realities involved, immediate clinical attention for symptoms of psychosis is widely recommended.” That’s a quote from this article: https://www.brightquest.com/blog/does-psychosis-cause-permanent-brain-damage-what-can-you-do/ Sounds to me like we don’t know for certain it causes brain damage. I was in psychosis for five months and I perform pretty well in my everyday life now that I’m out. I’ll believe it when they find out for certain."
175876195,"you may like cats and dogs , but your a human. and need to talk with people you live with and area you live in. nice cop out."
175876196,Congrats on the win!
175876197,It went fine. I feel well. They will call to make the second appointment when it gets closer to the time they said. Thank you for asking. You are such a sweetie pie.
175876198,I have a intellectual disability. that was hard for me to read??
175876199,"Look, I’m just a concerned person who just wants the best for you. I can’t make you believe something or convince you to do so. I just hope that you’ll get the right treatment, and that you won’t refuse your meds. My wish for you is that you’ll never have psychosis ever again, and that you’ll follow doctors’ orders. Best of luck."
175876200,I managed after a year on it to graduate from university and work for 50hrs a week. Its a good drug but needs to get used to it. However it is notorious for just stop working one day
175876201,Hmmmmmmm hardly anyone takes vraylar
175876202,"I live very much in content, peaceful solitude. Just me and my cat. I am in lockdown now and I don’t really act or feel any different than I did before lockdown."
175876203,_AT_MENTION_ did you call the drs office yet?
175876204,"Yes, it’s a delusion. Are you on meds?"
175876205,Yeah I’m doing geometry on Khan Academy
175876206,"Ohhh, gawd, I hear ya. as I woman, I did so much head, never wanted intercourse, well, rarely. seems like the man can’t do any notches on his bedpost anymore. haha. sorry if this is against PG rules."
175876207,"I seem to have the delusion that older men have an unquenchable homosexual lust for my body. I am not homosexual. It seems like people across a wide range of distance are intensely involved in my life. They’ve offered me large sums of money to submit to these homosexual desires. This has been going on for decades. People three states away are heinously invading my privacy and are trying to force me to submit to this pernicious situation. They have invaded my privacy in almost every way possible. People in a town thirty miles away should not be so involved in my life when I go to that town only once a year. My life is none of their business. A lot of people have invested money into my situation, seeking to benefit from all the business deals that are supposed to be granted by older men who want access to my body. They are extremely angry at me for refusing to submit to this situation, because they will lose the money they invested in it. They have violated so many of the basic guarantees we’re s
upposed to have to make life meaningful and bearable. I have no doubt that they would try to kill me in some horrible way if they could. What is stopping them is that I think I have protectors, and, if they did kill me they would be murdering someone who has committed no crime for purely selfish sexual reasons. That is what has kept me alive. I think people are circulating some really nasty rumors about me in an effort to lay the moral groundwork for hurting me really badly."
175876208,"well, in my mind, my anger is justified. ha."
175876209,"I’m not gonna lie, my insight is dwindling. I’m trying to be logical, but my head keeps throwing counter arguments"
175876210,For at least a day?
175876211,Erti what’s your username on battle net? I’ll add u on wow.
175876213,"Hi, Dustypages, I am glad to hear you have improved intellectually. You certainly have read a lot. Very good. Thanks for responding. _AT_MENTION_"
175876214,Symphony of Destruction - Megadeth
175876215,"Latuda also activates 5-HT1A but I still had negative symptoms. I think for me Abilify normalizes dopamine in all the brain instead of fully blocking it, not just in the prefrontal cortex. Its the only thing that worked for my severe negative symptoms."
175876216,I still haven't gone back to the dentist since early in 2018. Too much dread.
175876217,"I Am Not a Scientific Scientist. Or Doctor That Works at a Clinic or Hospital. But!, If You Are Careful, And Study Your Physical Well Being. The Chemicals in Any Drink Besides Water, (Although Water is Healthy), But Anything Besides Water Will Activate Your Medically Physically Emotional Signals. Like an Earthquake. A Slight Tremble. The Fault Lines Spoken. To Keep You Unbroken. To Find Spark, Take The Meds, And Push Through The Magnetic Void!. Safety in Meds!.. . …"
175876218,"The first step of this battle is having a nice and good sleep to have enough mental power to be able to work on and battle your illness which we have too, Without enough sleep you will be defeated by this illness, Yes some of them are addictive but who cares when we are in hell, This is a point that you should put aside some old beliefs and sacrifice some for the sake of sth more important, Consult a doc about the quality of your sleep, I think this is the first step,"
175876219,"Awesome cln777, That sounds like a good exercise. I hope that it helps. I am glad you are going to keep us posted. I hope your therapy went well. I go on the 30th. It is hard with negative thoughts, but with practice it can be over come. Best wishes to you... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175876220,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ I hope the side effects go away soon so you can start feeling better.
175876221,"And by the way, When I was a carpet cleaner they sent me out with an employee who was supposed to train me for three days. He let me do all the work for the whole three days. They didn’t want to pay me for those three days but I took them to “Labor Court” and I won my case and got paid for those three days. But yeah, I think was 18 and that guy took advantage of me."
175876222,I really don’t want to hear about drinking or see images of drinks or people drinking. I’m an alcoholic and go to AA. New Year holiday is really rough on me.
175876223,Who’s pkay? That was my brothers nickname in high school!
174323726,By not being discriminated against when we look for work.
175876224,Thankyou _AT_MENTION_ . I think I will want to stay there until I am stabilized.
175876225,That great _AT_MENTION_! I am interested about going in the nursing field too.
175876226,Just had a peanut butter sandwich and an apple
175876227,Look. I don’t know the veracity or accuracy of what you are sharing here. I don’t necessarily think it’s against the rules but we are a whiles away from such things… They are already using chips and addons some of it credible and some of it a bit out there.
175876228,Yea new shitty defective pathways lmao
175876229,the people that won d lotto? did they have 2 work 4 it? a big fat ‘‘no’’ so why keep saying 2 me the same thing? get over it
175876230,I got appointments made with regular _PERSON_ for the next 5 weeks. And the lady at the office told me I have a credit and not pay for the next several times. That wasn't as hard as I thought it would be. Yeah.
175876231,"Woke up from surgery at age 11, it all started then. Years later around age 22 they officially diagnosed me, but I had other MI before that. I had post partum psychosis after every child, but the pregnancies I had absolutely no sz symptoms and I wasn’t on meds. So I had 6 pregnancies pretty back to back, the first 3 miscarriages in high school, then 18, 19, and 21. The kids that I have are all 17 months apart in age. The PPS didn’t kick in till about 4 months post partum, so when the baby turned 9 months we got pregnant again. But I also have borderline personality disorder, depression, homicidal tendencies, suicidal tendencies, PTSD, and there’s one that was brought up.in a psych ward stay, but I honestly couldn’t tell you what it was, as my GP blew it off as a far fetched diagnosis. The psych ward I was in in SD was not what one would consider humane, as they locked me in a ward with only men, I was considered violent cause they gave me a shot of Geodon despite my violent reaction to it, 
so I was considered able to take care of myself against the guys. I got assaulted, luckily he only tore my shirt off and I was wearing _NAME_’s, but I had to act like I dropped dead for him to leave my room. I was on supposed 15 min checks, their paperwork showed a lapse of an hour between checks. My GP got me out and promised I’d never go back. She had a dad in local government. So he was made aware. Regional health is the only medical service in most of that state, so I haven’t been back into a ward, but I have relapsed you could say, but having Dr Joy on my side helped me a great deal. Only doctor that ever cared about me, and she uses my chart to teach her students proper questioning and patient treatment, I signed off on all my records before moving. I get a card from her at Xmas still."
175876232,"Yes. It causes long term organ damage, sleep problems, etc. the withdrawals are extremely dangerous...you can have seizures."
175876233,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !
175876234,I had bacon and biscuits for breakfast with some tea.
175876235,~95mg. ;151)5151
175876236,Where are you from?
175876237,"When I was 19 I thought I would never have sex or a girlfriend. I ended up having both. But not a lot of sex and I’ve only had two real girlfriends. And one fake one. I liked the fake one best. I’m 59 years old. Uh, I was really ill at age 19. I never thought about working or going to school because I was really incapacitated by this disease. I saw no light at the end of the tunnel, I was often suicidal and would have just given up without my family’s help and especially my dad. At age 22 I got out of the hospital and just by a fluke I became employed 9 months later. I never planned on becoming employed but I was in a vocational program and the counselors saw something in me that I didn’t see in myself and with help from them and taking series of small steps I got my first job after getting I’ll. Stayed there four years and now I’m looking back on being employed almost steadily since age 23. I had a lot of help plus being in the right place at the right time. Yeah, I’ve never had a lo
t going for me but I work, drive my car, take college classes and live pretty independently. None of this looked possible when I was in my twenty’s."
175876238,"i guess she wasn’t meant for, you…! sex is good but theres many other things on building a relationship, sometimes it can be a blessing for it 2 end…keep trying is the jest of d game for satisfaction in all departments of life if one tries"
175876239,"One time I was writing an exam at the college. Anyway, at the time I was totally lost insight psychotic. I was convinced I was a cyborg experiment and ‘they’ were watching me. After writing the exam I took a prewritten and photocopied manifesto and put copies of it all over the campus. I didn’t have a name on it and I’m lucky no one caught me doing it otherwise I would have been hospitalized right there."
175876240,I’m doing just fine. Is this the graphics for your landscaping business?
175876241,"You should think well of your grandparents if you are living with them. It is kind of them to accommodate you. Not everyone is so kind. As it happens I once believed that my watch was bugged by the intelligence services, eventually I realised that they have much greater priorities and these were “delusional beliefs”. I had my medication lowered today to 400mg every 4 weeks, Clopixol. At times like this there’s a good chance your psychiatrist will put your dose up, but it shouldn’t matter in the long term. But please be kind to your grandparents because they probably care about you a lot."
175876242,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175876243,"what taking now,"
175876244,"That’s good you had something to do at the hospital. I too, brought in actually, a colouring in book, I felt like a kid again, colouring in lol. I just used pencil for this. I like to create contrast with how hard I press the pencil. _AT_MENTION_, thank you."
175876245,"I’m reading two, a _NAME_ book I’ve forgotten the name of and D is for Deadbeat, by Sue _PERSON_. _PERSON_ needs to slow down and focus on writing."
175876246,"_AT_MENTION_ Thank you for taking the team to read my post and respond in a thoughtful, considerate, productive, and constructive way. My husband will not allow me to hire a lawyer, so I can not at this time."
175876247,Kazoo 10 HOURS VERSION Lol
175876248,"Hmm?. No Problem. Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!."
175876249,"I know for me and some that psychosis feels great… sometimes I wonder if its “normal” to feel this way? Feeling “Psychotic”? Could it be that society and the rules of the law and not the rules of the jungle isn’t compatible with us being psychotic? I have some trouble describing what I really mean but I could try better to explain if someone really doesn’t understand. I don’t know about you but when I experience psychosis and paranoia I feel great and feels like I have super powers. Why are we forced to take these medications? Could someone enlighten me please? Is it because I might be a danger to society? Is it because of the way I think? Also I take antipsychotics in pill form I could stop them anytime I want but I know if I do il just end up in the hospital again and possibly with a even higher dosage of antipsychotics, I don’t take these pills for me I do it for everyone else around me because in the end I don’t have a choice."
175876250,How’s Canada ? Nice there is it ?
175876251,How do I start data entry do I need training or school for it?
175876252,Then what BMI are you at now and what did you do
175876253,On one side I don’t feel capable of doing much. I can try school but that would be a process. On the other hand I am at peace with myself when I say I can do nothing. Thank my parents for supporting me through this all but my mind always argues I have to do stuff. Is the key to find peace?? I’m scared to let go of the will. It’s not ego. It’s drive determination that I’m scared to let go of. There may be ego involved and there used to be more. But most of all I try to satisfy myself in the present moment. Forbid all the contradictory philosophies of the world. My personal philosophy contains the best satisfaction in the present. Sometimes that’s telling myself to put extra effort and doing it. Sometimes it’s telling myself to relax. Sometimes I will fail at things. But tell myself it’s ok and I’ll do better next time. Tough being a schizo ain’t it. Or maybe it could be easy if you don’t think too hard. But thinking doesn’t always bring me misery rather it often brings me exci
tement. Contrary to others claims that it should. Maybe i think it’s tough but I also think it’s not. My perspective jumbles back and forth as the day goes on. Maybe the key is to not think. But that’s boring. Hehehe
175876254,_AT_MENTION_ you’re way out of line. Don’t take that tone with _AT_MENTION_. I won’t stand for it. Everyone suffers in their own way. Who are you to say what is abuse for someone else?
175876255,I agree…
174323738,There’s no one in your mind or body. That’s just the schizophrenia talking. Delusions/hallucinations. You’ll be okay buddy.
175876256,"you have delusions that u are not delusional , when u come back to reality u will “realize” what is “real” and u were delusional, that’s when u really getting out of delusion, i would say the more u getting realized the “reality” the less u will claim u are not delusional but i am still not yet at the point though. There are difference between “distinguish” and “assertion” , in distinguish , u see “difference” and u experience them , in “assertion” u see what in ur mind and u keep enlarging them , also it is like sub-consciousness which u are talking to urself in ur mind with the things u see but not seeing the things outside ur body and make a “real” connection with them."
175876257,Yeah. It just sucks getting on the scale and not seeing a change. But I’m going to keep at it.
175876258,I get less negative symptoms on lower doses like 3mg Risperdal. I am on 4mg.
175876259,Good morning _AT_MENTION_!
175876260,Of course I tell my np . They will help you.
175876261,"You could be right, I’ve never heard that. What I found on Effexor is that you feel flat and dead inside. Not good nor bad, just numb"
175876262,"ah, i don’t know how to do that… you could ask if you can go live with your mum again?"
175876263,"Well, you could write a pretty inspiring post then. Because a younger guy about a month or two ago read my story and he said that it really helped because him and other schizophrenics often don’t have “hope” IRL. They don’t have anybody in their lives to tell them or show them that there is hope and they get much needed inspiration from success stories."
175876264,"I should when surely I die? Aren’t we affraid, Born into to life, realising the grave. Aren’t we all mad, as we are made, to realize the Love, Thas Wrought Us Unmade. Please Send in friends, Please Proclaim The Named… Our Trust In Thee … Engraved. I shall, just for a day, and wake up the next, so surely In Love, Long Past The Grave, I Take The Cup, We Surely Have Made."
175876265,"::::::::::UPDATE (8 months after last injection):::::::::: So, not much to report this month. I’ve started gaming again and I feel like I can play better. I think it had to do with my reaction time being slowed down by the invega. The Vraylar was giving me bad side effects so I stopped taking it. Still no sign of musical anhedonia going away. Not sure if I should give up hope. I’m worried about if it was a permanent side effect from the invega. I’ll wait a little longer"
175876266,"Had to quit my job because of the horrible c***ts breaking employment,health and safety laws and trading standards regulations the relevant bodies will be informed on Monday, time to go Han Solo on my Ebay UK Business, sick of working for these BOOSTARDS for £8.00 per hour!"
175876267,I dont belive them but they say I do what should I do?
175876268,All my joints hurt esp my arms wrists and fingers. Some of them are swollen. I think maybe my thumb is broke and has been for a while I just cant remember hurting it. I've been having to wear a brace all the time even when sleeping bc of severe pain Anyway I finally made a dr appointment to get it looked at
175876269,qp|| Let The Money In Your Pocket Be The Doorway To Your Exclusive Brand New Health!. ||||||
175876270,"I'm drinking black iced tea unsweetened and eating a glazed donut. We usually have donuts on Fridays at work but since we will be closed on Friday this week, it is donut Wednesday!"
175876271,I’ve read that many schizophrenics have creative siblings. Oldest sister: Poet Oldest brother: Screenwriter Other brother: Graphic artist Little sister: Masters in social work That shoe certainly fits for me.
175876272,You’re welcome. You should be really proud of yourself. Isn’t it amazing what a transformation you’ve made?
175876273,All the washing of my hands I’m doing now reminds me that she took very good care of me.
175876274,i used to go to the gym 6 days a week. For 3 years!!! Now I swing kettle bells in the garage or go out on my bicycle. Gyms are open in my state but I don’t want to deal with it… covid…
175876275,"Been off APs for close to 3 months. I’m doing okay mentally, physically I feel much better. I’m on Cipralex, Propranol and Clonazepam PRN. I also started taking magnesium + b6 along with Omega 3 fish oil. I take nicotine lozenges regularly and I’m thinking of going on L Theanine to get rid of the benzo use."
175876276,well many other cultures besides North American / European countries do not consider people who are different “diseased” or “mentally ill” and that is because we are so institutionalized so anyone who is outside of the institutional “box” is put on medication to make them “normal”
175876277,I need therapy but I had to cancel for tomorrow. I can’t afford it and I still owe her money for 2 sessions.
175876278,"Amyloban 3399 is great. I am currently off meds due to a combination of Daily Essential Nutrients and Amyloban 3399. My main difficulty is insomnia ATM from AP withdrawal but the voices are well controlled. I’ll probably end up back on a low AP dose as a sleep aid, but I am really hoping to just stop entirely."
175876279,"I hate psychosis it is fear to me. As for meds I take them for me, no one has ever tried to force me to take them."
175876280,"I agree helping the elderly is great. That’s so cool of you to help her. I hope everything is okay with your heart! _AT_MENTION_ Hopefully the wasp gets a new lease on life and its wings heal some! Thanks for posting! _AT_MENTION_ I think showing compassion and empathy towards someone who is having a bad day is very align with this thread and not a side argument at all. It could have been easy to initiate an argument or blow him off, but you took the time to listen and tried to understand their point of view or that they may be upset about other things. In my view, that is a very good deed!"
175876281,My parents brought me _PERSON_ for lunch!
175876282,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !!!
174323737,"Im not 100% sure honestly. Im really interested in being an emergency room physician but I know theres no place there for a schizophrenic aside from being a patient. My psychiatrist wasnts me to become a psychiatrist. But I think Id be best as a neurologist or general practitioner. I really interested in pluropotient stem cell therapies tho, so may specialize in that. Its really too early to tell, usually not until the end of your residency do you pick your specialty."
175876283,"How do you clean with soda? I mean Coca-Cola will clean a penny and such, but the dishwasher? Never heard of that"
175876284,That’s a terrible thing to say! I hope you don’t mean it.
175876285,"Oh man I go months, usually all summer at least lol. I have a seasonal aspect going on. Usually come October I’m depressed. It sucks."
174323747,"There’s no shame if you can’t work. I have a physiotherapy degree and can’t work. I am on disability but my parents control my money, it goes directly into their account. I have spending issues which were worse while on Abilify."
175876286,It was posted on a social media site. It was picked up early and dealt with so you can see the concern. Unfortunately the poor choices of even one person can affect the entire community.
174323735,Well maybe. I came from a dysfunctional family a little bit I myself sometimes belive I have ptsd from my voices and stay unresponsive for a second. But I dont have flashbacks of anything.
175876287,"Same here, same here"
175876288,"_AT_MENTION_ , hey. Where have you been?"
175876289,I’ve been putting off eating since like 2 am. I’m starving but don’t feel like making anything.
175876290,Cool I like the elephant one!! The most
175876291,Just had a bit of chocolate. Am drinking black iced tea unsweetened.
175876292,Beautiful music in an equally beautiful setting. Thanks.
175876293,Am I dying? (1515)
175876294,Same here I’m sure I’m a case of “cannabis induced psychosis” the moment I quit that stuff my psychosis got better
175876295,I second _AT_MENTION_ ! Congratulations!!!
175876296,"Study: 1 in 3 COVID-19 Survivors Left With '''Brain Disease,''' Psychological Disorders | Health.com Very interesting bad news."
175876297,London cool!!!
174323749,"Stress affects everyone differently, some can cope with a healthy dose of stress and keep a good balance and others have an imbalance and can be more sensitive to its effects, effects of stress for me are anxiety i.e. tightness in chest, difficulty breathing and this can be pretty debilitating, just today i tried to do a bit too much and i started having anxiety symptoms so i had to stop what i was going to do and sit down and it led me to feeling down so i had to leave, a reminder that i still have a long way to go. I am trying but some people are just not able to work, meds cause heavy sedation and i know first hand that even light sedation is problematic, tiredness and exhaustion is more prevalent, lower tolerance to stress. also negative symptoms cause motivation problems which can stop even the most eager person from getting out of the house. so many factors to this illness even for the more able with this it is hard to imagine."
175876298,"Hey _AT_MENTION_ would you be able to give me a meeting invite? Ive been hitting the vodka and cokes pretty hard lately. In the absence of weed, hallucinogens, meth and adderall, alcohol has become my new go to, and Im hitting it pretty hard"
175876299,"Diversity refutes the idea of a hive mind and it is encouraged at most jobs, schools, and various institutions. There are many facets of diversity within an individual and within society. On the other hand, Religions constitute the makeup of a hive mind ex. One collective consciousness in Buddhism and the body of Christ made up of a collective group endowed with the Holy Spirit. The hive mind is a psychology buzzword currently. There are too many conspiracy theories affiliated with it on the internet too count currently. Good things. Hope your delusions subside and you have more good days than bad days; that’s how you win the game."
175876300,"Counting to one. Here, a demonstration: One."
175876301,I think fresh air would be helpful but staying out of public buildings is more the idea I think. I’m going to need groceries at some point but I’ll use the pick up feature so I’ll only be near the person loading my groceries.
175876302,You’re not being bad by occasionally indulging. You’re being a normal human who enjoys things.
175876303,"Nah. What’s he gonna do? Suddenly wake up and bite me? There are no zombies, haha."
175876305,I’ve definitely experienced the the first one not sure about the second.
175876306,"I have my dog, does that count ?"
175876307,"The best game I ever played in with the sport of soccer, was a scrimmage between the pro team in the area and the NC state soccer team. I knew somebody on the NC state team, so I was able to play in the game. I learned at a higher level it’s important to be smart and not just athletic. Like for example, if you are dribbling the ball and if you don’t pass it really quick somebody playing against you would take the ball away from you. I also played really good against the pro team(because I was on the NC state team)."
175876308,"I've been pulling away from a few people in my life recently. I'm sick of reaching out to people, either to talk or to just see how they are, and they dont answer their phone for days or weeks or their texts. I'm just tired of giving my all to people that say I'm important to them. One of which includes my sister. I think partially with her I may not understand because she has a kid, husband, and business. But I still pull away. But with certain friends that dont have jobs or anything to do, I'm sick of that."
175876309,"I play the ???? out of this global positioning satellite adventure role playing (video)game! play.google.com Orna: An 8-bit GPS Adventure RPG Geocaching meets the nostalgic turn-based RPG. In this unique GPS powered multiplayer MMORPG, enjoy turn-based combat, collect and upgrade your weapons and armor, compete in PvP battles, learn spells, fight bosses, and claim real world landmarks online with your mobile device, wherever you are. Players of Orna: * Enjoy a free to play RPG experience with augmented reality (AR) and zero ads * Explore the world by exploring their own * Enjoy pixel graphics with a... Free"
174323753,I have both. I suppose I’m screwed.
175876310,"It's not useless, thanks for this info, I find it interesting"
175876311,You need to be hospitalized. This has gone on far too long.
175876312,"but remember the whole Illuminati agenda is to do away with our populations, and I bet if they had their way, it’d be all the sick and disabled first, Nazi philosophy."
174323750,I’m the only one with sza in my family but my sister and one of her three daughters were once diagnosed with bipolar. They are off meds and doing well now. But I’m still on meds and doubt I will get off them. I have the lion’s share of mental illness in my family
175876313,20210202_1551521827×2813 1.47 MB
175876314,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ 23434999_1526544037380970_4731918945094855530_n.jpg 700×438 55.4 KB
175876315,"Hugs, Blue!!!!"
175876316,"I really don’t like the high of weed. Alcohol was my drug of choice, God help me."
175876317,Yes you earned yourself a hammer and a cementblock
175876318,Lol ok. Well she offered it to me but I was afraid of the side effects. I guess I have no other choice.
175876319,I think I'm dying. I really do.
175876320,It used to stress me but I got used to it. I mainly use my phone to browse this forum as I am in bed all day.
175876321,"Oh yes, and if _AT_MENTION_ is in fact your actual name, you can ask one of us to change it if you like. We highly recommend using an anonymous name on here, so that your posts don’t show up in google searches of your name."
175876322,"Well I thought about this, we haven’t dated in probably 2 years, this happened almost 4 years ago, that would be weird right?"
175876323,"I went downstairs and checked the mail. First time I got out of bed in days. I'm trying to pull myself out of this, it's hard though. On a completely unrelated note, I'm craving pizza"
175876324,20 mins with someone I don’t know is completely exhausting A day with colleges is okay if there are tasks and breaks With a friend 1 hour to 2 hrs is enough This is generally speaking As a kid mid twenties I could go on a camping holiday with a best friend and not get sick of her _PERSON_ and husband I can talk for hours but if it’s more people than me and one other person I practically panic mostly
175876325,"Yes many using drugs, nicotine, alcohol etc to mitigate schizo symptoms."
175876326,Im trying to get off it waiting for doctor to call me
175876327,Ok. I’ll have to look into running commentary. Would that be voices?
175876328,We haven’t talked but it would be boring on here without you
175876329,"I got to enjoy a Starbucks iced green tea earlier, my favorite! I’ve been doing a lot better with my low sugar diet lately. Really seeing the benefits of healthier eating. I’m out in public, in a crowded venue, and not freaking out… yet."
175876330,"Yes, I will continue with the 400 mg dose, I do have side effects but my pdoc says that I do not have, that the fatigue I have is due to benzodiazepines"
175876331,Sometimes we need our therapist/person.
174323751,"I have held jobs throughout my life and am about to start one as a psych nurse. I have never had a problem holding jobs because it is actually very helpful to me, grounds me and helps pull me out of a psychotic or otherwise upset state should I happen to be in one because it forces me to focus on reality and change my mindset. I am at my best functioning when I have a job."
175876332,I’m free of delusions already
175876333,Welcome to the forum
175876334,To your question Im concerned about you considering suicide. If you might harm yourself. I would talk about meds with your doctor. Be safe.
175876335,"Yes I agree, for cog too. I studied philosophy i college that was my major before I didn’t finish it hah."
175876336,"I like to shoot, but how do you have fun? send photo?:smiley: I0bzZ4dXjDs|666x500"
174323748,"If you’re being given disability, a doctor has seen you unfit to work at all. Anything more than that is just gravy. Like the doc will push you to work but half-heartedly. You’re still predisposed to break down at some point."
175876337,I have zero positive symptoms as far as I can tell. I still have negative symptoms though.
175876338,"Not specifically, but I can assure you you’re not. Try not to believe what they say."
175876339,They told the truth one time and have never for me at least proved they lied.
175876340,Sponge bath is not very noisy.
175876341,I feel restless. I want to go outside and take a walk around town but it’s dark out and I live in a really bad neighborhood. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
174323754,"I haven’t heard about any interactions with psych meds but I am not an expert. l-theanine is found in black/green tea. If you want to be cautious, instead of buying a supplement and starting with a large dose of l-theanine. Buy some green/black tea and have a cup, it will have much less l-theanine in it than a supplement/capsule, if you tolerate it well have a few cups, If everything is okay then try a supplement. Basically start slow and work your way up. As for an interaction this website says “UNABLE TO DISPLAY ANY INTERACTIONS AT THIS TIME” so perhaps there are none, but I would take all of the various drug interaction websites with a grain of salt, I’ve mixed meds together that warn against interactions and have been just fine."
175876342,My colleague was like I look like my mum to another colleague. I was saying yes I do but I’m my complexion is slightly different I’m lighter . But other than that we look the same. She got really offended and was like don’t say rhAt you don’t needs to say that I mean I didn’t mean that offensively at all.
174323760,"Hi, so me and my mother discussed because everytime she hears some noise from upstairs she thinks the neighbours are stealing her internet or her electricity and that they ruined my laptop wihtout even touching it, she has some delusions. I can understand her, I had mine in the past but what ruins our relationship is that she doesn’t admit that they’re delusion she really believes in them. So yesterday we had a fight because of my ex psychiatrist. Well she once told me that my mother besides depression might have schizophrenia and I told her that. She got really mad at me for telling the psychiatrist things about her and about the diagnose of schizophrenia. She also told me: I worked for 40 years so I have no schizophrenia, you never worked before, which left me feeling down. Also yesterday I had some self harm ideas and suicide ideas and she told me she was tired of hearing me telling her about that stuff, that she didn’t wanted to hear that anymore. I really feel unwanted, I’m thinking on 
starting to work and moving."
175876343,I worked on my thesis for 2 hours today.
175876344,Of course one could read in it how I work with 95% women in my immediate sphere at my job and I don’t trust them and think they hate me. I feel like my thought process is spiralling.
174323752,Nope ive never used it. I can imagine lots of trolls though
175876345,"I had the same thing when unmedicated, I was scratching myself all day."
175876346,Ok. Well I’m glad you’re ok. I had chest pain while exercising and the test only showed regurgitation in 3 valves. But I’m ok to keep exercising.
175876347,Well i as much as i know you are the one who is messing with your head Thru that conversations What exaly is cbt
175876348,So I literally have 100 options on things that I can do.. At least one week I'm going to just meditate and do Tai Chi. I know it sounds like wasting time but the time will be wasted anyways right? One week. I will update on what happens to my mental health symptoms chart. I have an appointment at the employment centre to look at jobs in the morning. I'll try and meditate a bit before it so I'm not anxious about it.
174323763,"_AT_MENTION_ I am still hanging in there, I have been very busy at work, 2 of my coworkers moved on from what was a good team of 3, now it’s me and another guy taking care of alot of stuff and I am constantly challenged. My contract ends in 2 months, I had an interview with the company taking over the contract and I can’t tell if it went good. I am also going to be in for more stress with the transition if I do happen to stay on, things are already chaotic and the new company is coming in with barely any idea what to do. I am also having a real hard time remembering things, I wish I could just be able to tell people about these issues with performance and me not being as up to snuff as I want to be with them being understanding but I think it’s probably a safer bet to just keep pretending that I have things under control. Things can always go wrong though which I am always too aware of."
174323758,"Stratterra, wellbutrin, tyrosine, omega 3 all can give that kind of activating feeling. The problem is it can raise anxiety and when anxiety gets too high it can appear like paranoia. If able to ignore the anxiety then it will be very useful to control negative symptoms."
175876349,"Mars is further than Earth. It’s Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, _USER_ID_, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto (dwarf planet). Life definitely existed on both Mars and Venus. There was clearly a cataclysm on both planets; no doubt by warring factions of aliens."
175876350,Man getting a next day eye exam was a super pain....most of even the walk in places don’t have availability until like weeks from now. I just want to get them before getting into driving regularly again....
175876351,Hi ! I would like to know what do you think about psychoanalysis and did you ever consult a psychoanalyst ?
175876352,"Ukraine, After the Soviet Union fell"
175876353,I cant keep this up. I have to quit or ill literally be dead before years end. OTC drugs are very hard on the liver and kidneys. I just didnt care. But i want to quit now because im starting to realize i actually do want to be alive. Im scared im never going to change/overcome this.
175876354,can some1 summarise to me what could be the economical consequences of this whole covid pandemic?
175876355,Just be careful not to accidentally cut their skin when you cut the matts out. But I’m so glad you were able to remedy the problem you have a much happier cat now!
175876356,Don’t even make a list of cons because they aren’t cons! They are your brain giving you what if scenarios that are highly unlikely to happen. If you’re going to use them as an excuse not to go then call the facility and tell them your fears and find out what safety precautions they have in place for the things your scared of. I bet they have a safety plan as they don’t want to be sued!
175876357,I have delusions and paranoia badly. But when I go out to do things they lessen. My pdoc added trileptal to my meds but I got to see my regular practice doctor the seventh.
175876358,"Agreed, took me about that much time."
175876359,"mom wishes i would have stayed close and played basketball at this division 3 school. she thinks i would have finished school if i did, and not have done so much partying. which is probably true, but tuition would have been way more expensive."
175876360,"Absolute Delusions. I beleived i was talking to God. Had candles burning in the flat with church music playing 24/7 . Covered all the ceilings in Tinfoil so the cameras couldnt see me (it was a basement flat). Thought i was expending alot of energy creating a white circle of light around me, and when i thought i couldnt do it anymore - i ran half a mile to a church to claim sanctuary. Terribile bloody times - and yet no-one, even when the police was called, picked up that i was psychotic. Was totally let down by the NHS then. Cos i had no bloody idea that i was ill."
175876361,That doesn’t work where I live.
174323756,it helped wonders for me. The blood work is annoying but you get used to that.
175876362,"Just l theanine 400 mg very rarely. I don’t like supplements anymore, really. I don’t need them. They cost too much. Even if it was like $15 a month, which I have, I rather spend it on a gym membership or WoW or some ????."
175876363,I couldnt even get hired by McDonald’s lol I interviewed and nope they didn’t hire me lol I was a bit of space cadet as a teenager. People thought I was a perma stoner but I didn’t even smoke!
175876364,I bought some Ferrero rocher's
175876365,Damn hope your ok dude
175876366,"The only way I can describe it is I just don’t think the same way as everyone else. There is something really bad about it. Things like social problems, negative thinking, stress for no reason, struggles getting on with life, that’s all secondary. Theres something gone wrong up there and it’s not because my outlook on life is different."
175876367,Thanks for your comments everyone
175876368,"I’m a fan of Clinique and Lancome, I also like _PERSON_(am I spelling that right?)"
175876369,I think meds got rid of my agrophobia 90%. I used to be scared of people and loud noises.
175876370,I wonder when I’ll die everyday.
174323759,Zyprexa? 15q5q5chars
175876371,"I’ve mentioned before that the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe is really a precursor for Doctor Who with reference to the history of the Ottoman Empire or at least that geographic region. It was always winter and never Christmas, I believe is a line from the book. Mr. _PERSON_, the thawn, was an old school friend of mine, he appears in a few pictures on the forum already, but why the fascination, we were dealing with the real problems of my community when all of a sudden someone had to hark back to playground tactics. Can we get back on track please, whatever that track may be. Thank you."
175876372,I think there is a big difference between the words affect/effect and change. I think med side effects effect your libido and abilities to varying degrees but they don’t change who you are as a person. Maybe I’m expressing this clumsily.
175876373,"Drinking makes me rapid cycle. So no drinking for me. I find if I drink , the following day I end up manic then I crash for like 5 days. Now I settle for Root beer"
175876374,"I used to hear a cop radio quite often, or random beeps and things."
175876375,"Oh wow...,,,your post just described me to a T and literally spoke to the way I felt upon awaking this morning. I don’t know how old you are though as you are in college you sound very young, but I am 63 and feel the exact same way! Up until this age, though I did suffer periods of depression and anxiety, I have always been relatively ‘normal’. I had a wonderful job which I was extremely successful at, a very successful 30 plus year marriage which includes a husband who tells me at least 5 times a day how much he loves me, 2 awesome kids, a grandchild, more money than I will ever need, etc. yet the only thing I truly look forward to is going to bed each night because it all ‘stops’. Most days I feel death would be a welcome relief. yet I do not want to die, There are times, especially at night, when I am cooking, cleaning, paying bills and most importantly, making plans for the future....buying the vacation home we dreamed and worked for, etc. Then I wake up the next morning, wishing I di
dn’t. I also could be driving along relatively happy and singing yet 2 seconds later thinking of maybe I should just crash into this pole or jump over this bridge. I know this all came to a head when I suffered a trauma at age 60 right before my son’s wedding, I was hurt by someone and this hurt resurfaced old hurts. I then spiraled into depression and have not come out, I also suffer from an autoimmune disease that has a less than favorable prognosis. It is also important to note that I did some really weird, out of character things, which I won’t go into, but behavior so unlike me that it is frightening. I take medication but the only medication that really helps is my little 0.5 dose of Ativan. My dr agreed to it because I convinced him that when I take it it changes my way of thinking, which it does to some degree. I am sure my age also played in his agreement to give me this medication. Your most power statement was ‘ Tomorrow will bring a storm of sadness. It will bring relentless tears and horr
ifying thoughts. It will bring exhaustion and restlessness. I’m stuck on this _USER_ID_, and I’m afraid of heights (so to speak). ’. I also am uncomfortable 24/7 and it is awful especially since I was not always this way. I have approached my doctor about this and like yours he said that because I do not go days without sleeping I could not be bipolar. I think also due to my age he cannot understand how someone could all of a sudden become bipolar.....well I did! Anyways, thank you for your very well written post. May I ask what medication you are currently on? How much of a difference would you say it has made? I Right now i am fighting to stay alive....though I also know that I would never harm myself permanently as it would not only destroy my family but would cause deep pain and humiliation, Bless you and good luck."
175876376,"Update: My meds were not fake. Lexapro 10mg is not working for OCD, and 15mg makes me cry. I will ask pdoc to reduce clozapine to 150 and add risperidone. After reducing clozapine to 150, i will try increasing lexapro again. If that fails, i will try prozac."
175876377,Welcome back _AT_MENTION_. I’m glad you’re ok. Take it easy for a little while and don’t make any major decisions right away
175876378,"I agree with the above posts. Just work on being heathy at this time. Mentally and physically. I can't tolerate wellbutrin. Too stimulating, makes me agitated. I have tried it several times. Relax, breathe. Take life one day at a time. Gentle hugs, _NAME_..."
175876379,Italian ice is the best!
174323768,"It’s a wired feeling - that realization of being among many… Like I was checking out the pyramids and I found out they were built 4,500 years ago; and 4,500 years ago there was a person just like you or me living there life… And 4,000 years later in the year 6020, there will be another person just like you maybe even from your bloodline lol, just living there life in a futuristic metropolis as grand as that lived in by the people who built the pyramids… My only sorrow is we gotta live our tonne under this schizophrenia b#llcrap and that it won’t be me being born in the year 6020 when the world’s forgotten the simplicities of past soceity"
175876380,"Daze, long time no see. Heh, yeah, I have an autopilot on atm. I have to do few things today as well. I think my cleaning projects end at some point anyway, as then my whole apartment is clean already. Then I can relax a bit more of. And will have time for other stuff."
175876381,Ditto on that _AT_MENTION_
175876382,"Damnit, im jealous of all of you !!! I wish i didnt have to wooooooooooork sigH"
174323769,Yes don’t blame it on sz. Schizophrenia is just an illusion
175876383,Mine comes with some kind of headache. It’s like deep brain stimulation in my brain with tiny electricity producing machines thinking the thoughts for me. Zapping producing air that even came out my left eye socket and made a whoopie cushion like noise. You can’t feel the brain so maybe it’s in my eyes
175876384,Took a 25mg pill yesterday. Felt nothing but just a little dry mouth. I’ll keep watching the next time I need it. Otherwise I need to increase the dose. The recommended dose for sleep is 25 - 50 mg anyway. Also luckily no hangover.
175876385,bump. _PHONE_NO_
175876386,What’s does _PERSON_ mean?
174323765,"we live in a 3 bedroom one bath 1003 sq ft downhouse. There's 2 dogs, a cat. 4 adults and 3 kids. keeping up with everything is hard. especially when all the adults in the house have mental and psychical health problems. They caught us on a bad day. I worry. I know if they do take the kids they'll be with their grandmother. Just ****** situation. their mom is having a hard time keeping a job due to severe ptsd and depression with possible borderline. The kids father being bipolar with PTSD... me with schizophrenia and ptsd... and my friends cousin who has depression and has physical health problems where he can't do or refuses to do cleaning on his own."
175876387,It varies. Last night was 5 hours I think the night before that was 4 Then before that 6
175876388,Congrats _AT_MENTION_! your butt-kicking cricket days are numbered
175876389,"""The so called experts don’t know the long term effects from these vaccines"" This is my main concern as well. I don’t want my daughters having children with possible birth defects down the road over the next ten to fifteen years. They are both only sixteen."
175876390,"Circle of Fiths and Vasu_Devan1 I am very confused. I think that there is an extent to which reality is what we believe it to be. As mentioned above, _PERSON_ (1992) claims that the self is a narrative or theory about ourselves, and therefore that it is a sort of fiction. _NAME_ (1892) went further and claimed that the physical world is similarly, a theory about our sensations. If I and my world are believable theories, then the medium, modality, or stuff-of-theory i.e. voice has a very special place in the whole caboodle. Hmmm…"
174323778,This drug is like the ones I was talking about (GABA drugs). They do what benzodiazepines can do by being a positive allosteric modulator and mimics excessive physical exercise in the brain by binding to ?-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptors in glutamate!
175876391,Huh I’ve never heard of it. Probably best not to take it then yeah hahahaha. Whats the class you’re taking?
175876392,"I think the caution here is not warranted, as if they thought things were in a bad place, I would not be on this forum right now possessing my freedom"
175876393,"(If there is a conspiracy against your life or person, just continue to live your life ) If nothing else, follow this saying."
175876394,Rare indeed is a human being who finds the courage to look deeply into the nature of his or her suffering. Have I ever told you the definition of insanity?
175876395,"I take 500 mg of Seroquel and 400 mg of Lamictal. Hey, don’t be afraid to reach out for help; we all need help from time to time. There are resources pinned on this forum."
175876396,CBT helps me do more on less meds. Worth the time and money.
175876397,It should be interesting when I grill tomorrow my nurse about my diagnosis.
175876398,I will always looking for you.jpg 1920×1080 677 KB umm what should I say here? just post it!
174323774,Is there any way it can be possible? Like could there be something so small that can be implanted?
175876399,Good morning my foliage friend! I’m glad to hear the med is helping you. Here’s hoping the SAD doesn’t happen. Cheers! Be safe out there.
175876400,I just bought this again like for the 10th time. Its my best one. 120ml 40mg Nic Salt 50/50 PG: DashVapes.com Xplosive Watermelon by Mixed Fruits E-Liquid Delicious sweet watermelon Price: US$26.10 Brand: Mixed Fruits E-Liquid
175876401,That’s my understanding. It’s not right at all
175876402,"I'm hanging in there, _PERSON_. Have good days and bad days but I think today is a better day than yesterday so I'll go with that. Hang in there _PERSON_, glad you're back with us. _PERSON_"
175876403,Way before my time. I’m late onset. Although now 65 I became symptomatic in my early 40s but wasn’t diagnosed until 2009 or 11 years ago.
175876404,i hope that you can find that meeting not had this problem but have a multiple addictive compulsive personality the Anonymous groups are amazing they really really help
175876405,"I was involved with a cult and still have some issues due to it. Being raised to believe certain stuff and being sz really messes with you. I got out of the bad part by reading about a lot of other religions, beliefs, and ancient history. How religions evolved from prior religions. It helped me get to a place where I didn’t rely on it any more and cleared up some delusional thinking."
175876406,We slept. Plowing through papers.. Super fun!!
175876407,Whats supposed to be the medical treatment?
175876408,Pretty good. Just woke up and had some coffee.
175876409,matches…
175876410,How’s your weight loss going?
175876411,I have no friends anymore. Maybe I should go drink coffee with those people tomorrow.
175876412,I don’t want to say anything on my death bed. I want death to come suddenly and quickly.
175876413,"All GTK! Yes when he was Dx'd our insurance had a mandatory educational class on diabetes management which was really beneficial for him. I also did a lot of research and learning on my own so I could be a good support and help to him... ...but extra info and experience from others who know is always a great thing, so thanks again! (((((HUGS))))) S.C."
175876414,Can you pm me? 151515
174323762,"If you had asked me a few years ago, I would have said yes."
175876415,That is very kind of you to say. Thank you so much for taking the time to watch my talk xx
175876416,2 am start to the day. Slept at 8. Will probably nap again at mid morning. No voices! I can’t hear a danged one.
175876417,"prnewswire.co.uk Angelini Pharma and Sunovion Pharmaceutical Europe receive EMA approval for... /PRNewswire/ -- Angelini Pharma and Sunovion Pharmaceutical Europe announced today the European Medicines Agency (EMA) approval for Latuda (lurasidone), with..."
175876418,"I was in a podcast, it Was fun."
174323767,Pears really help my mood actually.
175876419,I don’t think I have any purpose. And it doesn’t bother me in the slightest now. I just want to survive.
175876420,I forget that one. It sounds familiar though. Supposed to be the end of the world or something?
175876421,I think in a sense yes it’s true. Cause with my abuse in childhood I developed ways to deal with it/ cope with it (even if not in the healthiest ways) so I hopefully will not / can not be hurt like that again. But at the same time I’m very wounded and hurt. The trauma and the PTSD eat at me. My symptoms are influenced by it. When my schiz flares up I’m so tired and it’s hard to deal with at times. At times it wears me so thin. But I also feel like having so much experience with it helps me deal with it.
175876422,Hi _AT_MENTION_ hows things? i just got about 500gb worth of songs on a hard drive have you done any radio stuff? i have been pretty busy take care
175876423,"I went insane in year 2015 literally overnight. It started with severe hallucinations that developed into delusions. In the span of 2015-2016 it culminated with severe anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts. Since then positive symptoms were only reducing. Negative symptoms remained roughly the same. I never took any medication or was under professional attention since schizophrenia. The most I did is grounding exercises, prayer and consumption of tulsi tea. In other words, positive symptoms of my schizophrenia got better with age on their own. And I know they got better because I actually started to miss certain elements, hon-hon. Does age improve the situation for everyone? How common are severe relapses?"
175876424,"To back down and not try to win them all. Then, maybe, we can win a friend or two."
175876425,"I'm not, but thank you."
175876426,It is impossible to find a bakery or diner that makes banana cream pies now.......and they are one of the more difficult pies to make unless you go the jello pudding mix route.....
175876427,That’s the thing I’m to paranoid to sleep
175876428,You never know aliens might exist. Look how small we are in our own galaxy then look at all the galaxys in the universe you couldnt count them all thats how small we are.
175876429,"Here’s a great article I just read on self forgiveness, _AT_MENTION_. I so need to learn it again: https://psiloveyou.xyz/the-essential-art-of-self-forgiveness-47ab1049d98e"
175876430,"Yes, and how is that working out for you? I guarantee you it’s not affecting them. In the meantime you do seem to be spiraling downwards some because this sort of thinking can get a person trapped in a positive feedback loop. en.wikipedia.org Positive feedback Positive feedback (exacerbating feedback, self-reinforcing feedback) is a process that occurs in a feedback loop which exacerbates the effects of a small disturbance. That is, the effects of a perturbation on a system include an increase in the magnitude of the perturbation. That is, A produces more of B which in turn produces more of A. In contrast, a system in which the results of a change act to reduce or counteract it has negative feedback. Both concepts play an important role in Mathematica... You’re letting a small thing that makes you kind of miserable grow into a HUGE thing that dominates your life. I can’t speak to the culture you live in, but here in Canada there is also a perception that everyone hates the mentally ill. This 
is untrue. I’ve definitely found that we’re misunderstood and that those of us who are more ill make others uncomfortable, but people seem to be more compassionate than hateful overall. I don’t have the power to change everyone’s perception of the mentally ill, but I do have the power to change my own life. I’m working hard on being that outwardly cheerful guy that people look at and go, oh, I guess it’s not so bad! That’s the difference I am able to make and I’m working towards it."
175876431,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I will make a thread!!
175876432,I started to do it for like a microsecond one day but other than that I haven’t had that problem.
175876433,Maybe take a nap and refresh?
175876434,It’s scorching hot here tonight and the mosquitoes been eating me like there’s no tomorrow ?
175876435,Good luck to you. However for me the most important thing is my personal interest.
175876436,The doctor I was seeing was the one at my university back home. the counselor was better than him… she actually seemed to care…but I started to feel like she was pushing too hard… I would cry everytime we spoke… at one point I was seeing both of them… I think maybe we just need people who care… who actually listen and can give us good advice and more practical ways to deal with things… instead of just pushing drugs on us… I like _PERSON_… because he teaches ways to deal with the mind and control it and not just cover it up with meds…
175876437,Do weights at home because gym is closed. Walk dogs. Get food from the church pantry because thankfully they are still open but might be closing down soon. I get cheaper food there so I hope they will not close down.
175876438,"I don't wear contacts either, I never have. I'm kind of scared of them and I like my glasses, plus there's tons of different styles and what not. Right now I have a pair of _USER_ID_ _NAME_ with transition lenses"
175876439,It is supposedly for antioxidant effects on glutamate. I have low expectations but it’s cheap so what the heck I’ll try it
175876440,"Why doesn’t your mother want a harp? Is it too big, maybe? I can understand if she thinks there isn’t enough space. Plus thats a lot of money. Maybe she is looking out for your finances. Do you make a lot of purchases?"
175876441,I have catatonia without meds and weed made my catatonia worse even with meds.
175876442,"No, I am switching to Zyprexa after tomorrow then to Vraylar in 2 months."
175876443,"No,I just try to wear my self during the day,so I sleep normally,usually with vivid dreams.Best med for me was Flormidal (midazolam),but is expensive now because drug users tend to abuse it for sleep.It was cheap."
175876444,Yeah. She’s still your Mom and you care about her and her opinions. I get that. But you still have to impress upon her that you do have limitations because of this affliction…and not by choice either.
175876445,I live in Finland
175876446,"She is autistic and even doesn’t trust her own parents. Do you people have no sympathy or empathy in you? Oh, I forgot, I am dealing with schizophrenics, who lost all their empathy also because of their illness."
175876447,"Yeah police wouldn’t believe you either, I know the feeling. Best not to try to antagonise them or anything just accept it"
175876448,Very quiet this year. Going to my sisters for Xmas. We usually stay there and Xmas day is immediate family. My little bros are all coupled up and doing stuff with the inlaws so boxing day my sister invites the immediate family around…It’ll be really quiet this year on Xmas day. Boxing day will be more social but it’s been an odd year and won’t be as it was…
175876449,We got all sorts to choose from. My favorite was the morning glory muffins. The coffee was atrocious. Tasted like they used rinse water to make it. I stuck with tea.
175876451,They were talking about a guy who kept mentioning laying eggs. I wasn’t on the board back then but it sounds interesting.
175876452,"With treatment and time, your completely natural desires may return."
175876453,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174323779,Are you talking about abilify? How long have you been on it? Remember it can take over a month to take full effect.
175876454,Usually I’m naked…or the beach. Not necessarily together!
175876455,"I took 1500mg a couple of hours ago. Its giving me energy but it didn’t improve my thoughts and emotion, I still like to be in bed all day everyday. I just feel like racing thoughts."
175876457,"Ok,, not on here much at all.. I've had several surgeries and pieced together with lots and lots of metal and plastic parts.. I never ever stop hurting, pain Alwayz there.. Surgeon saying do pain management.. I've been put on many pain medications to get no relief.. so I don't take anything for pain but buckets of Tylenol..it seems I get totally sick with most pain medications and they're only Tramadol when I was taking them, and first 3 days after last surgery hydrocodone.. Pain management saying that this suboxone is also used for pain and to try it.. Before I do anything, I was wondering if my Clinical Depression and PTSD and forgot to mention Anxiety may be adding to extreme pain problem.. I don't take anything for the above mentioned.. could getting the before mentioned under control if that may help get pain under control.. Just curious if anyone has these issues and did getting the later under control help.. I don't want to be addicted to something if I don't have to.. And no, medical mariju
ana didn't help at all.. Thank you for any information.. R.E.D. remember everyone deployed.. I'm 10-7"
175876458,"if I didn’t drive I would be tempted to stop my meds. but I don’t want to be distracted with my voices while im driving. I was walking everywhere in the city when I was at my worse. so I was kind of harmless but suffering. I haven’t really hallucinated in 2 years now and im tempted to stop them, thinking im cured. but occasionally I will still get a voice after smoking too much or drinking too much coffee and then sometimes for no reason at all. so I will stay on them. at the moment im still court ordered to take them, per my pdoc’s recommendation to the judge. so it’s not even a choice I have right now. I feel like physically I would be much healthier without the meds."
175876459,I don’t think people are watching you… what purpose would it make??
175876460,They’re the same main chemical with same effects and side effects.
175876461,"Today I feel especially flat and my head is like lead. Aside from lowering my dose of medication, what can I do?"
175876462,i quit for a few months. I felt better when I had caffeine so I went back to it. I tried a couple times going on long break from it. The caffeine helped me more than going cold turkey on it.
175876463,"_NAME_ that, sir. Ready and reporting for duty."
175876464,Why was this flagged? Is it because its Daze?
175876465,Hey _AT_MENTION_ don’t feel hard on yourself I’m pretty sure a lot of us have gone through depressive episodes due to recent events! I myself had a panic attack today because of the Coronavirus. Things are getting rough here in Texas but we’ll get through it!
175876466,Congratulations _AT_MENTION_
175876467,Gosh I really need a haircut
175876468,"I didn’t say it was. I have worked in the distant past, I just didn’t approve of it. Come to think about it, I have worked my socks off when it comes to creative stuff but as long as I don’t make a full-time living out of my writing I refuse to call it work."
175876469,"No but yes a bit too. I have difficulties socialising. Sometimes I don’t understand what people are saying and have difficulties keeping up in conversation and also they want power of me which makes my body twitch and feel awful. I don’t believe anyone is superior to me in general.not my parents.not anyone. But in martial arts they are all better than me at martial arts so they are superior at martial arts but not outside of that. Nowadays power seems to be one of my biggest social difficulties because they want me to salute them and I think how dare they. I was bullied as a child n teen and don’t want to be a pushover and everyone’s bi tch. I have family that think I should salute them and that think they are superior to me and I avoid them because of it and I just don’t agree with them. I used to have delusions,paranoia,voices etc that made me isolate but my reasons for social difficulties has changed. My mum taught me no one is superior to me not even her. I want to socialise and I can 
even enjoy it sometimes when they are not trying to have power of me and suppress me. I do not have friends to socialise with but I have family and I might be starting martial arts. I can enjoy socialising but not as much as normal. I want to be social and long for it but can also feel to uncomfortable and my body starts twitching when they try suppressing me and wanting to feel power of me. I miss having friends. I don’t want to be everyone’s bi tch. I feel like I’m in invisible restraints and that makes it difficult too. I’m better than I was. I have breakfast with family sometimes. I used to avoid all social events now I am really trying and am able to attend more than before. I had to leave one family dinner where they tried to make me salute them.how dare they.no one may order me. They are not immediate family but still. Not ok. They are not better than me. They have no idea what I been through. The other woman that raised me said I can leave whenever I want so she’s very supportive and underst
anding. I don’t enjoy socialising much n I don’t feel relaxed. I can suffer immensely socialising."
175876470,I drink water but occasionally I use mio to add a bit of flavor. Screenshot_20190220-211616_Google.jpg 1080×917 457 KB I.can chug it and feel better
175876471,I would say the times are getting stranger. The whole coronavirus crisis is unique and maybe the biggest global situation after the 2nd WW. What makes this unique is also the fact that we can watch the world leaders such as the WHO’s Managing Director to speak online and millions of people are watching. The climate change is a big threat and proper actions should be taken to slow the rise of global temperatures. I am afraid that this virus crisis makes economies to collapse and in the aftermath violence shall rise and the world diverts to the chaos. We are living unique times now.
175876472,_AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ I’m so sorry guys
175876473,"Many people say they want their account deleted, but then change their mind. So we now ask for a confirmation message from users after two weeks. If you still want to delete it in two weeks, just send me a message me and I’ll take care of it."
175876474,Interesting… thanks
175876475,Most of the bakeries in this area are Hispanic....not to be biased but they’ve got different products which is usually pretty cool but not as helpful today...I think we’re just going to ask the host for a different assignment....there are plenty of pie places in the downtown just not out here where the bf lives.
175876476,"o, i’ve always had well behaved chill dogs. hopefully your old dog has changed the habit, but i would think being touched wrong or something could set it off. hopefully not and it finds a good home."
174323784,"People with schizophrenia need a much higher dose. 300mg for anxiety, about 800mg for schizophrenia. Though I wouldn’t start out that high."
175876477,"That’s all for now, I’ll update when I finish."
175876478,please don’t lose hope…I hope this despair is just creative…and I wish you happiness.
174323789,I take and have been taking 15 mg for a while.
175876479,or not… _PHONE_NO_
175876480,"Yes, thanks, Valley. I'm getting caught up, or starting to. Just took a shower. Got up only about lunchtime today. Is your daughter having more trouble with those rotten girls? I'm trying to figure out what I can get for my friend's birthday. He never wears a watch so I'm not sure if he'd want an Android watch. And he gets a lot of anxiety about his heart so I'm not sure even the fit bit without the heart rate would be something he would want. Same problem every year. When I used to send him tshirts I found out he returned them and I crossed off tshirts for the rest of our lives. He doesn't smoke or vape, but he might like a book but I have no idea what kind."
175876481,I guess I don’t want to stop living so much as I want an escape from my torturous mental state.
175876482,Stay strong and be gentle with yourself _AT_MENTION_
175876483,Making pizza
175876484,Where are you from _AT_MENTION_
175876485,"2 pairs yoga pants (one grey, one black) 2 pairs of jeans 1 hoodie 2 t shirts 1 long sleeved tshirt 2 sweaters Cable knit beanie LEGO _NAME_ collection for Nintendo Switch a book, Crochet (Idiot's Guide) Crochet hook set"
175876486,Do you mean that after you started living together you became incompatible?
174323783,"They said ""who are affected seem to be predisposed to develop a Sz spectrum disorder during their lifetime "" when you talking about the depression,you classify the person who suffers from it as a Depressed person, which it means the person is the affected but when you talking about sz,you will classify the person who is suffers from it as a schizophrenic person instead of schizophrened person ,whereas using the name (schizophrenic) it means the person is the affect ( developer , maker,cause ,actor) !! The contrary in the report,they said ""who are affected …etc ) !! Anyway, in the case,if the person is the developer of sz or its symptoms Can anyone of you tell us step by step: how a child being develops a schizophrenia or its symptoms during his lifetime ?"
175876487,"FInished a 16,000 word translation in a few days. Now my brain is like jelly..."
174323781,"I think clozapine would be good for me, but they won’t let me try it. Taking abilify."
175876488,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ ! Just checking up on you. Hope everything is well, or at least on its path to being well soon."
175876489,I know that feeling. _PHONE_NO_
175876490,Amisulpride was the first antipsychotic I ever tried. Then I tried another 7 or more aps
175876491,"You mean the guy who broke a wine bottle over my head and took $60 out of my shirt pocket was just a figment of my imagination? What a faker. Yeah, if I am just your dream, but you are just my dream who gets to decide which one of us is real?"
175876492,“God…I hate doing my taxes.”
175876493,Mine come on during stress and I swear they have meaning…like they are trying to tell me something…Its a weird form of mental illness.
175876494,Good going! Also sage advice.
174323786,medicaldialogues.in – 18 May 20 Yoga eases depression in patients of schizophrenia and Alcohol misuse Yoga may alleviate symptoms of depression in patients of other mental illnesses including schizophrenia and alcoholism.
175876495,isn’t it annoying having different one a lot?
175876496,I used to take 100mg shot every 4 weeks plus 20mg pills daily. It worked pretty well for me.
175876497,"Friends can share a deep platonic love, parents sometimes deeply love their children, and romantic love can be deep"
174323787,Thx darling. Well I guess it depends on each person.
175876498,"VIt’s one thing to not be a morning person, it’s another thing to suffer from insomnia. My entire childhood I suffered from chronic hypo mania, and my family didn’t know much about mental illness at the time so, everyone just thought I was cranky in the morning. It was common knowledge to not talk to me in the morning cause I wasn’t pleasant like the rest of the family and probably came across angry or intolerable when really, I was suffering from lack of regular sleep and had no one to turn to. My condition reached far beyond just being “cranky.” Every night when it was time to go to bed, I would start to get waves of anxiety knowing that I would be up for hours staring at the clock fueled with anxiety knowing that I had to get up for school the next day, and had only run on two or three hours of sleep. I shared a room with my little sister and would watch her drift off to sleep and wonder what was wrong with me. Then some time during the day, I would be in class and feel debilitating 
exhaustion, and would have to force myself to sit up straight, and not let my head fall down and sleep on my desk. It was torturous. Fast forward years later, my family was at a wedding for my cousin, and my sister and I shared a hotel room, and once again I was restless and barely getting any sleep. I recall her telling my Dad, “_NAME_ never sleeps you know.” It was the first time I ever heard her say that, and it was interesting to hear her observation that after all those years sharing a room together. Even to this day I suffer from insomnia and sleep issues. It almost feels like PTSD, cause I have medication so it should curb the inability to sleep like a “normal” person but, at 42-years-old I’m still like that little girl stuck in her insomniac mind, and although I’ve done my best to accept it, it’s the thought that this condition will most likely be my reality for the remainder of my life, which is annoying. I’m not going to return to my self medication days which were back in my twentie
s, when things were really bad, and I would smoke marijuana to put myself into a coma to rest pretty much every night cause, that’s not a lifestyle I want to live or re-become accustomed to so, like I said, it’s the acceptance that this is my reality that I have to face. It is something I’m going to have to embrace, and do things like meditate, work out, eat right, try to stick to a regular sleep schedule but, when you suffer from insomnia, there really is no regular sleep schedule. For me, every night is different. Some nights I will fall asleep and wake up every three hours. Other nights I take a couple hours to fall asleep and, stare at the ceiling. I just roll with the insomniac punches. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/manic-depression/2019/07/20/dont-talk-to-_NAME_-in-the-morning/"
175876499,Its either being over medicated or it’s the certain med your on. Bladder issues are a side of effect of some meds
175876500,I experienced that too I was a topper in studies but after sz I started failing in studies and Now I am jobless bcoz I can’t clear technical interview
175876501,Does any one hear voices though sounds like the commotion that goes on the super market
175876502,"I used to think i was the center of a cruel joke and no one would confirm that they were seeing me and would talk about me behind my back. It is schitzophrenia i suffer the same, meds do help and make the voices go away and you no longer feel like your being watched. Sometimes i get off my meds to imagine im messing with people and give them a show to watch. lol if God gave me this gift i might as well find a way to enjoy it right."
175876503,"I just gave _PERSON_ some chicken with gravy. I'm just relaxing watching some Better Call _NAME_ season 1. I should probably pill my cat soon, it's stuff for her bladder to ease the pain. I see my roommate was nice enough to buy a stronger strain of Catnip. I bought some expensive stuff but my cat wont go near it. Anybody learn anything interesting today? I've been listening to this lecture series on the history of freedom starting with Ancient Greek to the events of 9/11. I'm really fortunate to have a job I can listen to whatever I want in my headphones. It's way cheaper than college."
175876504,"Woke up at a decent hour this morning, not sure why...."
175876505,"Lol, he was like, ""Why is that girl staring at me?"
175876506,"Do you think they would put you on all those meds, if they thought you were lying?"
175876507,No just the HVAC. It’s just a small apartment. I’m looking at it as I’ll have a new system for the hot summer months. Trying to be positive about it you know.
175876508,"In reality,the global scientific research does not have the enough information that makes a clear distinction between the whole living health condition of sz (the main structure/ existential form) And all types of symptoms that arise from the functional effect of the condition’s pathogen (Hall.) on the higher cognitive processes and the chemical background that associated with them The change that occurs in the main concept of the self-idea by action of the pathogen plays the principle role in creation all types of symptoms (whether in the psychological level or chemical or even the personal behavioral responses )"
175876509,"That’s so interesting _AT_MENTION_. I’ll be honest, I never saw much hope for haters but you’ve proved me wrong. I stand corrected. Thanks for sharing that"
175876510,I didn’t know my ancestors were such freaks.
174323798,"Hi, Just like physical workouts its crucial we need to workout our minds too. This is especially important for people who have mental diseases. The thing is normal people do this automatically due to their active lifestyle and they use their mind resources like executive function, planning, attention, working memory, long term memory continuously to remain active. We too can improve by manually working out our mind just like physical workouts. For this we can do several things like solving puzzles, learning new things, play brain games like lumosity, neuronation games etc. Not all games give same results. I like to introduce few games in neuronation and lumosity which I think really help to improve cognitive functions which in turn help to reduce negative symptoms too. Trail Tracker game in Neuronation Most useful one I think and also easiest to start and play for long duration. Youtube game play video adding for giving an idea how to play it. It helps in planning, visual memory, working memory, mu
ltitasking, focus, attention, processing speed etc. Reaching the title of ""Child prodigy"" in Neuronation app Colour Craze game in Neuronation It helps in attention, cognitive flexibility, working memory, processing speed etc. My higher score in Color Craze (Neuronation app) 11136 Brain shift overdrive game in Lumosity It helps in attention, cognitive flexibility, multitasking etc. Let Play each game for some time daily like 30 minutes, 1 hr etc just like we do physical exercise. Changes can be noticed after some days. These are just few games I think which will help to improve cognition. Many other games might also be there but most important thing is we need to love the game so we can play it for long hours just like we play favorite games. Playing for long duration continuously is must like 10 sessions at a stretch as each session only take few minutes like 2 minute or less. Regards"
175876511,"I tried for about an hour, I'm wide awake again now though"
175876512,How are you doing this evening?
175876513,Is this a haiku?
175876514,"Myself, ive lost many university friends, that turned to be hostile at the end. I also lost two jobs because of it. I have so many friends that just ignore my messages and probably dont want ever see me in person again. I am lucky to have a social job that they already know my condition and acceot me with it, i juat recently been at the hospital for 10 weeks and kept my job and also talk with me like nothing has ever happened, the same applies to my mother. My sister is now ignoring me more or less, she just holda me as a burden for my momm"
175876515,"Hmmm I heard that it can make people extremely nauseous. But as far as I remember I was on it for 3 weeks and wasnt nauseous, just some itching and I felt high like on mdma as I can remember posting and some _NAME_ problems. But like said I was on risperidone at the time. Now im on haldol and interested to see how it works"
175876516,The voices say they took me out of my reality and tourtured me
175876517,I think you’re better off without it if you can help yourself.
174323785,I take saphris and it works wonders for me. Love the stuff.
175876518,"I don’t watch TV… I watch youtube… it’s like the schizo-panaroia paradigm… trigger warning They refer to a television line-up as programming. Like “watch your evening programming on channel 8 news.”"" tune into channel 4 for you local programming""… it’s propaganda… I mean the progression of the television video is programmed… but they still said it they way I described… that’s called plausible deniability. and… you notice now in a more literate world… they don’t call it that. but it represents the whole thing."
175876519,"My case is different. You may or may not gain something from this message of mine. Anyway… I have traumatic memories from “past lives”. When I first “saw” these flashbacks I cried uncontrollably for half an hour. Later I tried to validate these “memories”: match maps, fauna, geography and culture of people of the time and approximate place. Ultimately I concluded that it makes sense and even if it wasn’t real I guessed and extrapolated so well that it will fit fictional historical tragedy plot. More importantly, I talked about it a lot with my biological mother over the years. She isn’t really sane, but was supportive enough, as to be expected. It didn’t help. I am as bitter about the imagined events as can be. Therapist will not solve your problem for you. You must find reason on your own."
175876520,yea i bet =O it sounds really annoying having to deal with somebody like that when it comes to your health. you ever tried to get new one? But of course then maybe you could even be worse off huh
175876521,Have you figured out why yoi have these sounds yet? I get all sorts of sounds and images right before I fall asleep. I’m pretty sure I messed my inner voice by repeating words over and over in my head not realizing the damage I did to my inner voice/thoughts. Only after this instance did I notice my thoughts/feelings get repeated with a voice. Also ever since then people have been “reacting” to my thoughts. Almost like they don’t want to hear them. Haven’t found the answer but I’m sure I’ll see in time like everyone else who keeps it a secret.
175876522,Listen to us forumers and let go
175876523,I'm glad you're still with us.
175876524,Joker - incredible movie; _NAME_ probably won't get the kudos he deserves for how well he played the role.
175876525,What you watch the kind of show you believe you’re part of?
175876526,Where do you find all of these articles from?
175876527,bullshit_PHONE_NO_
175876528,"I can’t do fasting, it triggers my disordered eating patters"
175876529,"I don’t know what to do. My husband is talking again of wanting a child and although I was open and accepting of it when I got married, I never ever really wanted children. I’m terrified of pregnancy and childbirth and having no time to myself anymore. And although there’s advantages to having a child (like playing with them and teaching them), I get worried I wouldn’t be able to cope due to sza (and hubby’s epilepsy). I don’t know what to do, have to speak to a lot of people and do research. I lack the desire to have kids. I don’t seem to have that maternal pull to babies like most women have. But if it’s my own would that make a difference? I want to please my husband but could I cope with a child plus my illness? And having to go off meds to fall pregnant may be difficult too. I don’t want to disappoint my husband. How do I handle having kids without having another potential breakdown? I asked my husband if he will still want to be with me if I don’t want kids and he said the
n no it won’t work for us. He wants kids and I don’t. I’ve never truly desired kids. I was open to the possibility when I got married but given the opportunity to choose, I honestly don’t want kids. It seems like my marriage is coming to an end then Looks like my sza won - again. I don’t know what to do."
175876530,"When I was on 2 APs, I kept sneezing. I was probably allergic to such a big dose."
175876531,"To it’s in phases, I feel dead when I study a lot other times I feel the joy of living. Having sza makes it like a _USER_ID_, I try to take pleasure on small wins and things. At least makes the bad things less bad when I approach my problems like that"
175876532,"A college education is a nice thing. Mine proved worthless in making a living, however."
175876533,my therapist Dx me with autism spectrum disorder (formerly aspergers) . he works with a lot of autistic clients so i trust his Dx. but i kinda just shrugged it off tbh. i dont put much stock in diagnoses personally and its not like im gonna go around telling people im autistic and schizophrenic.
175876534,"I’ve seen them do that to others patients. In my case; I collapsed and nearly passed during my second and final hospitalisation. The messed up really badly. Needless to say, but I really don’t trust the drs"
175876535,Great! Log on in 35 minutes I’m getting ready now! Looking forward to having you there!
175876536,"i work in a company that sells supplements for athletes and to those that they are going to the gym. my work is to prepare the packages with supplements (courier). i work to the x husband of my sister hes the owner of the company ,i work as much as i like ( at the moment 4 days of week) and i can get holidays as much as i want and when i want. driver(other employee) gets me at 7:15 every morning from my home ( i start at 8:00 and i leave work at 4:00)"
175876537,"i started geodon recently and was wondering how much weight i should expect to gain additional information: i am fairly physically active (i’m in college, so i walk everywhere), but i eat very poorly"
175876538,"I was in a 3 year major 90 credits, I finished, I can post my grades if you want."
175876539,Do You Think That Could Be Helpful _AT_MENTION_?.
175876540,You too have that one? Getting sucked deeper and deeper inside your brain. My chest starts burning when it happens
175876541,"I’d like to get better in many ways, but seeing as my delusions and paranoia is real, and my other deficits, I don’t know if I can ever work a respectable job. I’m pretty lost at what I’d be good at anyway."
175876542,Welcome _AT_MENTION_!
175876543,I want to go to cambodia but thats probably in like ten years when I am financially independant and dont work anymore
175876544,"my diagnosis changed but i know i’ve still got sz, I’m just stable and high functioning, i hope they look at my history when i get assessed."
175876545,Yes. Constantly. Every day i am bombarded with words and images that i connect to everyrhing around me. Im constantly being hyper vigilant and paranoid wherever im at
175876546,"Depending on what you have saved, I had less than £3000 … i will be getting £409 a month with jsa which is around £74…they called me and said they’re not expecting me to look at the moment because of the current situation… though I have been looking for other jobs."
175876547,Oh no why???
174323782,that’s awful for her to say those things. i’d curb her in a minute.
175876548,I never heard if it. What is tv exposure therapy?
175876549,"Yes, i have it too"
174323788,Cheer up pal! That’s not true.
175876550,"I’m on fluovoximine and at first it sucked, I had headache’s and my eyes felt weird. I was on 200 mgs I complained about the side effects so now I’m on 100 mgs and seem to be doing fine now except for alittle insomnia."
175876551,I will ask her. She is supposed to call me so I will try and be constructive about this as I usually lose my temper with the mental health services very easily.
175876552,And slowly whispered in my ear; where the fck are me lucky charms?
175876553,Pickles help too.
175876554,Thanks btw I wanted to ask any therapy books should I read
175876555,"My parents got divorced when I was 9. They had been unhappy for a while, and my mother had stopped loving my father although she cared deeply for him. They decided they’d rather split up while they could still be friends, than wait for things to get ugly. I’m glad they did. I have had several friends whose parents clearly couldn’t stand each other, and those friends were miserable. I am thankful my parents did not put me through that. My sister was very upset at first and thought they should have stayed together for out sake, as the divorce was tough on us all. But in the end, they both found their soulmates and are much happier than when they were married to each other. Sometimes people get married with the best of intentions, but then slowly grow apart until the gap is too big."
174323799,Thanks for the hugs. I’m trying to adjust again.
175876556,What do you mean by this _AT_MENTION_ ?
175876557,Things are so stressful. Even good things seem unbearable. I’m worried I’m going to do something drastic.
175876558,Yes. On olanzapine. That one worked well. He took me off of it and wanted to see how it goes.
175876559,All schizophrenics have different medication needs. My medication has never been lowered because my paranoia is a danger to the general public.
174323794,"I have done well with Concerta. However, it is not for everyone and I don’t know if a lot of doctors will feel comfortable prescribing it for this purpose."
175876560,Waoo that’s rare
175876561,I think my aunt said she died of kidney failure. She had Type 1 diabetes
175876562,I may have brain damage from; 1. Hitting the back of my head when I was 10 2. Psychedelics 3. Both
175876563,Thanks
174323792,"Ive never been abroad. The very thought of being in a strange place scares me, let alone a busy airport. I would get paranoid about security carrying guns. I like to know my surroundings. I keep meaning to travel west to cornwall, uk on a coach trip and stay in a bed and breakfast. That i think i could cope with. Its only 4-5 hours away by car."
174323793,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175876564,"To move around this topic where I can, I heard someone talking about their greatest asset being their agency. I thought it quite interesting that they found not much could bring them down because they had an inherent feeling that if they kept moving forward with direction, things would get better at their current state. I don't tend to live in escapist castles as much as I used to although I will happily watch something with a rye sense of humour to take my mind off of things. I'm in pain most of the time so when I am not distracting myself with work or some sort of chore or routine, it can get to me. So I keep myself busy and take pills to fall asleep. I wouldn't say that I have a great sense of agency with the belief that things will be better but that doing what needs to be done kills the time."
175876565,"I have coffee everyday, need to switch back to decaf though, at least for the most part."
175876566,"Unfortunately that’s life. I lost my grandad at 11 and I have watched my nan live alone sad about it for 21 years now. I lost my other Grandad 2 years ago, but I was actually glad he died. He was suffering from dementia and basically starved to death because he could no longer swallow food or drink fluids. Him passing ended suffering, so I understand in his case death had a function, and all the drugs they pumped him with were just making things worse. But I still miss them, both of them. Your time will come soon enough. Don’t wish it away. I am sure your grandad would want you to live as best as you can and not feel this way."
175876567,Do you have welfare in your country?
174323795,Abilify didn’t Do much for me other than trigger TD symptoms and make me anxious. Not a huge fan of it.
175876568,"We, dont do that in the UK. You appeal, they review what they have already been over. You can send them more information and that is it."
175876569,"oh thats not good than, generic invega tablets are about $200-300 without insurance if you use a goodrx coupon but that can be quite a bit"
175876570,"Would someone who has experienced this please want to talk to me about this? Im so so heartbroken. I feel grief. My mum is dying. But the most painful part is actually guilt. I think i caused her cancer. I hate that i havent been a better daughter, that i caused her so much pain. I want to go back and erase all the hurt i ever caused her in her life, every single bit of it, and replace it with love and kindness. I want to be strong, so at least now she doesnt have to worry. But how?"
174323791,"Because people would be manufacturing doses of 100k or more as cure alls. Up to 10,000 a day has been shown to not cause problems. 40k to 100k over months have shown toxicity. My doctor prescribed the 5000. I am one of many that do not get enough from sun and diet and have shown deficiency 9n blood tests in summer."
175876571,"Yes, but I get so tired of acting."
175876572,how long were you on 100mg sertraline?
175876573,"I feel that. I fell in love while on a nootropic, it gave me a completely distorted perspective of what to expect. I’ll never feel that strongly about anyone, and I am ok with that. Love like that is some scary ????. Life wrecking and bridge burning."
174323804,Hey _NAME_. I’ve listened to your podcast while I hike!
174323796,https://forum.schizophrenia.com/t/preventing-the-onset-of-schizophrenia-in-a-mouse-model/173516/3
175876574,Drink a Starbucks frappuccino. Stars.
175876575,The secret is that this disease is a color processing disorder. Light therapy glasses are amazing but it’s the liones mane that actually teaches your brain to process colors. You process color better on shrooms. I know these arent magic mushrooms but taken for q long time they can be just as effective.
175876576,Hi _AT_MENTION_ I was living on the Yorke Peninsula until a recent move to the _NAME_ Hills. Both lovely areas. Do you have any plans to return to South Australia in the future?
175876577,"I agree, I feel the same. I feel like one of the main helps for me here is interacting with others and feeling not so alone. If in danger though call a hotline please, this site has one."
175876578,"I think that’s quite common, i.e for someone close to you to see things about you that you don’t see. That was certainly the case when my stepdaughter filled in a form for my ASD assessment."
175876579,"I've spent a lifetime bashing myself guilty for spending my days staring into space and thinkin' 'bout stuff instead of being productive. All attempts to fight my languorous nature have felt not only tiresome or uncomfortable but unnatural. Most people have some kind of drive, be it innate or affected, to do what they do, be it feeding the poor, creating works of art, blowing glass or just generally screwing things up for others. I am a dreamer. It's what I do. It's my natural inclination. If I subtract the time and energy I use up trying to motivate myself to behave counter to my true nature, I'm left with more time to sit on the couch and stare at the wall without that pall of guilt that inhibits, to a point, my ability to run rampant through my internal landscape. As a result, the dreaming deepens. I get better at it. And every once in a while I can coax some of it out of my head and onto paper. With a few adjustments to my character and early life experience I could have been a philosopher of n
ote. El oh el. I'm tempted to feel pity for all the dullards locked in their homes who can't stand their own company, but I don't. If the lockdowns ended tomorrow they'd probably be rushing out of their houses to campaign for fascist politicians or to rush to Target to buy supplies for their mentos and diet coke powered dildo YouTube video. What do most forms of life on earth do all day? They wake up, look around for any threats, go find some food, lie in the sun, propagate their DNA, then repeat. They're okay with that. As for humans, I think we've got it backwards. Our parents raise us, then they shoo us out the door saying ""Life is full of meaning! Go! Find it!"" Most of us don't understand what ""meaning"" is, so off we go, and tainted by an economy-driven society, the best most of us can do is to come back with a list of the 10 Best Dressed Celebrities. Perhaps it's better to look at life as an endless cycle of self-preservation that accomplishes nothing more than the assurance of our own species' conti
nued survival. This way, we can look at the emptiness of existence as something to fill, rather than cull from. Before long, you've got a pointless void that's filled with various collected trinkets that help pass the time and bring you pleasure and help you forget that ultimately, it all leads to the same place: nowhere. It's in those trinkets that you can find the Meaning Of Your Life. There may be some happiness there, too. Nihilism does have it's rewards."
175876580,My voices said summer? I figured that’s when they will come back
175876581,Im a psychological master but i realise more and more that human relationship wont work for me.
175876582,"My family and fiancée, they all help me in various ways. They’re all part of my support system, and I’m thankful to every one of them"
174323807,I have hallucinated people talking to me and about me. I am on 120mg of Latuda. I have only hallucinated one night in months though.
175876583,"I do, a lot. Compared to how fast I used to process stuff, now it’s sad. I feel disabled and held back."
175876584,thank you _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
175876585,All of the people who write about forced psychiatric treatment inadvertently wind up validating why they needed the forced psychiatric treatment in their work. It’s an amusing paradox.
174323797,Both can be true.
175876586,"Folks, sorry but I’m shutting this thread down as it’s triggering to some members. Also, some posts are touching on topics (e.g., religion) that are against forum guidelines."
175876587,If I could get that through my head I’d be a lot better. About me as well as others.
175876588,It may be as much about not having the breadth of vision to look beyond the mental illness. A serious case of overshadowing. I do know from years online that those psych patients later found to be on the spectrum have often had a history of hostile/negative treatment from mental health services.
175876589,i dont know my self.im lost.
175876590,Got The Equalizer 2 from the library. I saw the first one and enjoyed it
174323802,You gotta be carefull going off medication because very few schizophrenics dont have symptoms without medication. Safer to try lower doses first.
175876591,Are you sure they’re lying about you? It doesn’t matter what they think if they don’t like you
175876592,This really freaks me out tbh. I want a nice brain. wat does accelerated ageing to the brain even mean. wat is gonna happen?
175876593,"_AT_MENTION_ I can’t go into it here because of rules but if you want more information about a subset of catholics who focus on good works rather than church and scripture, you can PM me. I studied with them for years."
175876594,I dont feel like i belong on this site anymore…lol
175876595,Why Only One?. Why Not Many Descriptions?. Like Endless Ones?.
175876596,When I started risperidone I was terribly sick 6 hours a day. For some reason making one 1/20th dose cut stopped that.
175876597,"How much does a one way ticket cost? How much does rent cost? Would it be affordable to just test out living with family? Like, take it one month at a time and reassess every 30 days. It’s a lot easier to change your mind and move back than it is to have to break a lease and deal with all that when you’re really struggling. I vote move back with family if it’s possible. If you’re feeling better in a month, then do what your want. But let the people that love you unconditionally love you. They want to be close to you. I promise."
175876598,"There’s also the fact that we have no way of stopping people from recording video meetings. I think it would take about 5 seconds for a troll to get into a meeting, record it, and post it online for people to laugh at."
175876599,"thanks for that support, and happy Christmas to you I know it is early but I just thought I’d say, since I don’t think I will be posting here in 5 days time."
174323800,"My pdoc made me angry too. I asked her 5 weeks ago to increase my Abilify so I could possibly sleep but was told to practice my DBT skills instead. Now I haven’t slept more than 4 hours a night in 5 weeks, my voices have gotten worse, and I’ve been cutting/burning myself to feel better."
175876600,It will get easier over time I was doing 50 squats a day for awhile and the day after the first set was horrible lol
175876601,Watch a movie Maybe get some ice cream Nap
175876602,What’s _PERSON_? That’s awesome you lived across the street from your parents’ and that your mom still lives in the same house!
175876603,Psychiatry & Behavioral Health Learning Network Study Does Not Support Routine Genotyping to Guide Antipsychotic Prescribing
175876604,I have read your posts.
175876605,"My sanity, my passion and enjoyment, motivation, peace of mind, and stability. I’ve lost all these things at one point or another. One of the most bothersome is that it robbed me of my ability to relate to 99% of the population. My experiences and path, the angels and the dead, the years I’ve spent in psychosis. I can’t talk about a large part of myself, due to them not understanding, judging, or becoming fearful. It robbed me of parts of my humanity"
174323810,"medicalnewstoday.com – 27 Jan 21 Schizophrenia may increase Parkinson’s disease risk A new study suggests people with schizophrenia are more likely to develop Parkinson’s, despite the two having opposite effects on the brain's dopamine system."
174323809,"Yes, I feel the same way about driving my family into shame. Extended family members are wary of my behavior, statements and actions now that they now I have this mental illness. I’ve though about suicide too. I tried to plan it out and practice but could never pull it off. A psychiatrist told me that if you have a family history of suicide then you are more likely to succeed in doing so. However, most schizophrenics in my family haven’t been able to pull it off. Society is concerned with the well being of schizophrenics which is why they prefer we take our medication."
175876606,Hi. I have Complex PTSD. Been treated for it ever since I was an adolescent. Just under 30 yrs now.
175876607,I was on zoloft for years it worked well. I switched because I needed something stronger
175876608,Congratulations _AT_MENTION_!
175876609,"I did nothing terribly important today except answer a bunch of questions on Quora and Reddit. I feel like it might be decent for professional success, though I don't really know. I guess I'll just bank on it helping me, though I'm not sure. I think I fail to engage in a lot of ways. I need to work on marketing myself, I guess, according to one of my friends. That's a hard thing! I don't know, it seems just a little counterintuitive for a philosopher to market himself. I think it's contrary to the task of a philosopher. I don't know where I am going with this, other than just lodging a complaint with how people use words, I guess!"
175876610,There’s better nootropics but I have pondered before that it was one and could be helpful if you erase the side effects
175876611,Can I get one too _AT_MENTION_ ? I’d like “ The Wolf of Beale Street ” please
174323808,What you’re saying is exactly what i feel sometimes i doubt myself sometimes because my diagnosis is non-specific. I think i play the victim sometimes but sometimes i think i don’t have fault i don’t know the difference between normal and not normal. Lazy or negative symptoms. It’s a struggle…
175876612,You still on prozac and is it working?
175876613,"The fox in your avatar photo looks like they're thinking, ""Why was I not consulted about this?! Aren't I your publicist? Well, aren't I?! Now I know just how QE2 feels.""."
175876614,"When I’m not riding my _NAME_, getting in bar fights and running in weekend triathalon’s, I like to watch these sometimes."
175876615,"I’d like to join my local AA group that my friend and ex-alcoholic who did his PhD under _PERSON_ runs, but I don’t drink and never have done, except for the occasional Guinness and Rum and Coke. I think it would be good experience for me, but what would I have to offer, cigarette and porn addiction;?;"
175876616,"I like “manic depression” more, too. I feel it’s more descriptive of the condition. It was my original diagnosis long ago."
175876617,"I walked back and forth in my room for 30 min. today. I need to change my health habits and get more exercise. I broke a sweat doing this small bit of exercise, but I think that was because of the cough medicine I’ve been taking. It increases my blood pressure."
175876618,"Yeah I agree with that, it fools you into thinking it’s worse than everyone else’s. I can say having experienced mild depression in the past compared to now major that major is a hell of a different beast."
175876619,"I have that one on my Xbox, but I don’t have discord."
175876620,I met my fiancée on OKCupid.
175876621,"It isn’t that I agree with this sentiment, but it seems to be a common one: google.com as god is my witness i will never go hungry again - Google Search"
175876622,"I also got depressed from antipsychotics as they make me lazy staying in bed all day everyday, only get up to eat."
175876623,Water.......
174323818,"I’m trying to figure out mine. Let me know yours and what you think of this. This is kind of my story with mental illness in general. As a teen I was severely depressed and cried every night and self harmed on occasion . That mostly went away in my later teens and my first two years of college . Then, in 2013, I did lsd for the first time and some pot. After I came down I crashed hard and was depressed yet again. I had to take a year off for my mental health and q bunch of stressors happened, the biggest one was that my dad almost died in a car accident. 2014 I was hospitalized several times for the first time and I was 20 to 21. I was labeled depression with psychotic features. I remembered just being mostly paranoid and having some weird sensory experiences that I thought were hallucinations but was more illusions. In 2014 I tried to commit suicide for the first real time (other times i did mild overdoses but didnt really try to do it all the way, kind of tested the waters i guess). It was afte
r a big break up, and i went to live with my parents and my mom was very abusive again (alcoholic) and said some sexual things to me about how I’ll never be a true man. So I slept on the floor of my brothers new apartment for a while. Ever since I’ve been in and out of the hospital but I didnt have psychotic symptoms again until 2015. The er diagnosed me then with a psychotic disorder but my psychiatrist that I saw twice tried to say I had bpd and that diagnosis stuck around for a couple years. In 2016 I somehow graduated college. My last year was awful and I was constantly suicidal. After a huge fight with a really emotional roommate, I started despising people and wanted nothing to do with them anymore. I went to _NAME_ to be in the americorps, I had a pretty good job working for the city hall there. Bad pay. Had a bad roommate that took advantage of me money wise and threatened to steal my dog. I started having OCD problems and the hospitals all diagnosed me with that. Last year I did lsd several times 
and smoked pot heavily again. I was fine doing pot for 2 years until after I did my last lsd trip in the summer. My mood was all over the place for a while. In December I had another big break up and she started acting like a totally different person (we live together). This freaked me out so bad I started to think she was replaced by a robot, and I went really psychotic. Started to believe i was dead this time. Now here i am again with this psychosis. I’m on stronger meds so i have insight. I cant really tell how long I’ve had this because my other psychoses were a lot more brief a d I think were more mood related than sz."
175876624,I’m going through the same thing with my husband. I want constant access to his phone and all accounts because I get very paranoid about him cheating. He hasnt given me reason to feel that way but I cant shake off the paranoia. Its destroying the relationship and hes just tired and ready to leave after the constant accusing. Ive been off meds for years so Im hoping going back on them will help with the jealousy and obsession with checking on him
175876625,"I also have this kind of issue, i tought people were saying things, so i hurted someone."
175876626,Yeah I’ve gone through this neighbour ???? too. But apparently what I believed to be happening wasn’t really happening and it was all in my head. Needless to say I moved…and then they were following me in their cars to see where I had moved to so they could continue to harass me. They were doing allll kinda ????. But apparently I was delusional. I still don’t know. But I’m glad I ??????? moved.
175876627,"They make people homeless, because no one wants to feel sick all the time."
175876628,sausage and egg mcmuffin
175876629,It’s a brain disorder that affects the basics of your thinking. It’s not mystical or magical. It just is. Yeah it’s totally seductive but most of us have been there. I think the really pertinent question is …Why do some move on from delusions and others are overwhelmed by them…? That really is something we should explore rather than encourage things that aren’t real.
175876630,Pi. 15 characters
175876631,Holidays on Ice by _NAME_
174323814,"The question is, do people that have schizophrenia and tb believe speaking in their mind is personal thought. Ofc, its still a delusion at the end of the day."
174323813,"Tbh my dream is all sports related.10 years ago after being diagnosed with schizophrenia,I have become too realistic and lost my dream,focus on work which I didn’t feel motivated doing.I love sports,especially football or soccer as American called it.Nowadays I always get injured playing soccer,my life sucks.I just play for fun and I got injured,i think the meds makes me unlucky tbh,my conscious denied medication,and I go against my conscious,hence I suffer for not trusting myself and not able to go against other to stop meds which I had always wanted"
175876632,"Yeah a very deep cut in my palm because I tripped and fell while holding an empty glass bottle. After around 30 years my third and fourth fingers are still sort of numb. True it's useful, using both hands. I still use my left hand for doing many things. My right is mainly for writing and drawing"
175876633,"I dealt with it, starting when I was about 14. Oddly enough, that’s also when my hallucinations started. _NAME_ I wonder if there is a link there. My abuser is very welcome at family gatherings still. I am not, because I had the audacity to accuse him of sexual abuse. It still hurts."
175876634,Isnt this for the better based on what was going on?
175876635,"I love _PERSON_!!! Serenity now, insanity later. _PERSON_"
175876636,I don’t know. Did you look it up on google?
174323819,I got bloody lucky and got awarded _PERSON_ without a medical. I had the CMHT send them a strongly worded letter - listing my past history and my medication. I gave them a years worth of clinic letters as well. Social Worker just got a phone call to confirm i was Schizophrenic - and it was done. I got put straight into the Support Group. I hope you get it (fingers crossed)
174323815,How long have you been on meds? When I first started meds I had TERRIBLE negs. But for some reason I snapped out it after a few years. For me they went away with time I guess.
175876637,"Hi what’s going on, why are you feeling responsible for other people’s suffering or pain. I’m sure many in your shoes feel the same way, and thats because you’re human. Think of all the people you inspire by working on yourself and being here. I am hoping that you are able to see this. Sorry you are going through a hard time."
175876638,I struggle with keeping the weight on. All i can suggest is build-up drinks and protein shakes. I made the mistake of going with the ice-cream and short crust pastry to put the pounds on. But now of course - my cholestrol is threw the roof.
175876639,I was on 150mg XL.
175876640,"I feel for you man. I know what it is like to be sabotaged as well. Although I do think you should give your parents some benefit of any doubt you might have. They would have been trying to do the right thing by you. Whenever I was sabotaged, it felt malicious, but I can’t rule out the possibility I was being paranoid."
175876641,"I'd like to be my old self. Those passionate emotions, control to do whatever i wanted, every day inspiration to write. I was a force."
175876642,"My mom denied it too. When I went into remission in 2005, she believed I was cured. I didn’t know any better and believed it was just depression and that it wouldn’t come back. As a result I didn’t take note of the residual voices i heard and thought my excessive religious behaviour was ok. I used to sleep on floor and whip my back with cords and wear a crown of thorns. Then in 2012 my depression came back and then paranoia and self harm and the rest of it. My mom still struggles to admit I have sza. When I told her recently on whatsapp of my latest visit to pdoc and my diagnosis of sza and borderline, she didn’t respond. She probably feels uncomfortable with it. She hates seeing me so ill."
174323823,There’s a lot of research saying that NAC helps with negatives. But it seems to interact in a really bad way with abilify. I wish I could take it. I tried and it just didn’t end well.
174323820,"No, I only think it’s immoral to work, lie and say you’re not working, and also collecting disability benefits. I think it’s fine to collect disability benefits as long as you inform the disability agency when you start to work for wages again. I don’t work right now but I have the feeling that I could, if I got a job. I think it’s fine as long as I tell social security that I have a job and report my income. If I report that I’m making too much they’ll automatically not send me the check."
175876643,"6 weeks, ouch. Feeling better after taking a break from work sounds like what I’m going through, so I feel for you. …and Mirtazapine is the antidepressant. For some reason I thought it was an ap. I think you have made the right decision."
175876644,"I’m a 28 year member of AA and regard myself as sober as no booze has passed my lips since Feb 15, 1992. Also clean as I gave up street drugs at the same time. Medically prescribed medication used properly doesn’t affect you being sober, but it will give you higher quality of life and improved function."
175876645,I attend gym classes four times a week and walk my brothers dogs.
175876646,Black Iced Tea unsweetened. I had chicken noodle soup for breakfast--homemade by Mom.
175876647,I had a burrito for lunch. burritos might be my favorite thing to eat. Chipotle and ruby something in California have the best burritos.
175876648,"I took lexapri for 6 years and one day it called out my psychotic episode that lasted for 10 weeks. Im off now. It really helped with my depression and lack of motivation, helped me to get friends as i was much more talkative."
175876649,oh for security job you would expect some good training huh…
175876650,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175876651,Spent my day cleaning pretty much. I ended up calling my stepdad to have my friends twin bed frame picked up from Walmart.
175876652,i dont call it the pot i call it the loo lol
175876653,I have a secret package coming as well!
175876654,I had a lot of plans until the voices stopped me from doing them. Although I did manage to go outside and twice for that.
175876655,I thought it was really good. Not as amazing as Infinity War but still very good all the same.
175876656,"Here's a new thread, last one reached 100 pages"
175876657,"Been really stressed lately with helping my husband with his business affairs. Last few days last week were hectic and I have become so snappy and irritable lately. Today was supposed to be no rain, just partly cloudy and I was excited about walking to the Flea market as I wanted to see what books they had. But then as I wanted to go, there was a bit of rain for a half hour or so and I had this crazy temper tantrum swearing at weather and God like crazy. I hated being disappointed so much it made me mad. My husband was upset that I went on so crazy and expressed concern if we could still stay together. I had to explain my feelings so he could understand. Fortunately he seemed to. I could have gone later to flea market as sun came out again but my husband said if it rains again I’d get worse mood. I didn’t want to fight with him so I stayed home. Still feel snappy. Couldn’t pray properly tonight. My mind feels fuzzy and blank. I just want to read and sleep. Hope this stress won’t push me int
o a depression or relapse! I need a longer weekend! But tomorrow is business concerns again and have to phone pharmacy for ordering my meds. Sigh…all I want is bed and food and a good book! It’s freezing cold and the bed is the best place to be. Got 4 layers on and socks and cap and still cold. The winter is ending but it’s still not over yet. I love winter but I’ll be glad for some warm sun again."
175876658,"I just started haldol, my pharmacy partially filled it, its working very well since I started, but there are only three 1mg tablets left in my bottle. I have seroquel in abundant supply. Seroquel, I feel, has not worked as well as 1mg haldol. It’s a hard drug for me to be on. Haldol works very well."
175876659,Just had mash potatoes sweet corn and BBQ pork ribs. Really good meal.
175876660,I’m too lazy to make mistakes. There’s always the consequences to clean up.
175876661,We are supposed to get an ice storm coated in snow......
175876662,"I think there’s a difference between solitude and idness. Solitude is good, idleness is bad. If you’re just staying alone a lot nothing wrong with that, but I think keeping busy even when at home is important"
175876663,"The only successful resistance by the autoimmune system to maintain the continuation of the person’s life in the first place is to make the casual factor material (hallucination) a part of the psychological self,this makes the hallucination responds to the sleep mechanism just as the human psychological self responds to it,thus the immune system can finally get rid of the metabolism byproducts of all mental,emotional and behavioral responses that repeated all time of wakefulness (which the hallucination induces independently outside the genetic program or the self’s functions in the actual reality,the immune system cannot do so without the help of medical intervention that help to relax,clam and enter a state of sleep against the powerful stimuli of the hallucination that arise the level of attention beyond the norm So,there are 2 steps,the first is the introduction of a state of relaxation to enter into a state of sleep by action of medical intervention The second step is performed by autoimmu
ne ,whereas it get rid of metabolism byproducts of all mental processes that have been repeated in an extreme way during the wakefulness period"
175876664,"It was cheap, $5 black aquarium sand and $10 cat litter box. Although I’ll admit I felt silly in pet store buying these . . ."
174323829,"Only meds that work for me are vraylar 9mg, Cymbalta 120mg, and 450mg lamictal. Been doing this for 10 years now. I’m not pro psychiatry but some people rant and go off the rails with suggestions, opinions, and pseudoscience. It does need to be moderated somewhat. I sometimes wonder who pays for this site and runs it and who created it. I know the story, but I’ve seen academics and institutions on the about me page. It just scares me because of mk ultra. Even ucla and other schools were involved and even our government. I should know because I believe it happened to me and I am scared a lot and wary. But they let me talk here and express my concerns and thoughts and opinions. I am hugely grateful and I couldnt talk about it anywhere else. I think having schizophrenia and being around other schizophrenics comforts me. It allows me to get my sickness out instead of bottling it up and getting sick."
175876665,"I think showering like 2-3 times a week is enough. For me though, considering I now don’t shower at all, even if I manage to shower once a week it would be nice."
174323824,"i remember someone saying they would be more afraid to reveal they are bipolar on here, cause i said i was schizoaffective, and usually only reveal the bipolar side of it. i remember being bothered too much by that view, but it looks like i’m with the large majority in thinking schizohprenia is worse to reveal."
175876666,They don’t check the name?
175876667,I had a fear of jews BECAUSE I thought I was Jesus.
175876668,I’m so nauseous from this antibiotic. Every day I’m more nauseous than the day before. I can wait for this to be over!
175876669,Yea they can but I believe psychologists do it more as they talk much more. Most psychiatrists just listen and prescribe meds. But yeah it can happen.
175876670,"I started looking on indeed for jobs in my town. Eventually, this one popped up and I applied. They called me within an hour and set up an interview. Just had orientation today. So yeah, working in town is a huge plus for me. Plus the extra couple hundred bucks will be nice. Can maybe save up for a new car."
175876671,_AT_MENTION_ Looks really peaceful over there
175876672,"Thats what I mean _AT_MENTION_ , you cant communicate with your voices because they are not real. You just think you are communicating with something. Life gets a lot better when you realize that thing you believe in that is a bit off is actually off because it is not actually real, it is just what the illness did to you. Like I believed in dead people talking to me and teasing me, and one day I went. OK I dont think they are actually talking to me and teasing me, it is just in my head. And after that, they went away pretty quickly."
175876673,Walked my brothers dogs. Paid bills and bought wormer for my dog. Watched seaspiracy and cried. Devastating!
175876674,"It happens to me a lot, that’s why I always use my cellphone to know time and date."
175876675,Doctors visit (psychiatrist) and…that’s all!
175876676,That’s how I feel. Do your delusional thoughts come to the forefront?
175876677,Hopefully the big bug I just stomped is dead. It looked like it had more than 6 legs. Horrible. I'm really depressed. Been almost shouting f bombs while I writhe on my bed. The muscle cream is making my RLS worse. I'm going to try to liberate a tiz and see if it helps. God forbid they should give me a muscle relaxant.
175876678,"_AT_MENTION_ - Well what I started doing is buying stocks of big name companies like Nike, Walmart, Starbucks, _NAME_ and _NAME_ etc and a few index funds. So far my strategy is to buy and hold for a long time until I quadruple my money which is eventually going to happen. I invested a total of $44,000 in the stock market and have made a total profit of $10,000 including all the dividends I get paid every quarter. So far the value of my portfolio has reached $54,000+ I believe and I have $32,000 in liquid which will eventually be at least $50,000 by the end of this year. Then the next goal would be to hit $200,000 net worth and hopefully a million dollars by the time I’m 40 so 6 more years to ago. I’ve read a lot of personal finance books to know what I had to do in order to be successful with money and just applying the principles I learned. I know once I get married and have kids things my change financially but I’m doing a lot better than most people my age and or even older."
174323834,"It’s been my reality. I got hundreds of delusions or thoughts. My brain and mind are broken and shattered. My brain is literally on the floor. While in college something traumatic happened to me. Unfortunately, schizophrenia has made it into a mystery and I will never figure it out. I talked with my family. We don’t know and I cannot figure it out. They don’t believe my delusions and they think I got schizophrenia. I believe the videos are my reality because I think I had my mind uploaded and transferred on a laser already and go backwards through time. I have experienced psychosis but I also think maybe the diagnosis of schizophrenia isn’t perfect or fully doesn’t represent me. I don’t think every thought I have is a delusion. I cannot prove it and no one else can. Even the idea of parallel universes is a controversial subject, but it’s my reality. I can tap into different frequences or parallel universes which are my past lives. I think I’m immortal or quasi-immortal. I thought I 
was an alien myself or robot living in a simulation or theme park. Maybe I should take a break from this website for a bit and gather my thoughts and clear my head. It’s been a busy week. My brother said something profound he said when I’m off meds the paint on the wall talks to me, which is a profound insight I learned. I’m just not good at math and engineering so I cannot prove anything and why must I? Maybe I should get into sci-fi novels and such. I’m a good writer and can write about myself."
175876679,So you’re from India?
175876680,For years I took zopiclone but I became addicted and kept taking more and more. Withdrawal was awful.
175876681,"I used MyFitnessPal (MFP) for three years and it helped point out many flaws in my diet and made me more curious about learning some basic science about nutrition. Average American diets are horrendously deficient in Potassium for instance, which seems to be a very important micronutrient (ion) for heart health (for both the electrical nerve system of the heart plus lowering blood pressure partly through regulating kidney output) I don’t use MFP as much now because it is so bloated and slow to use on my cheap phone so I use really fast and simple food diary/calorie counters. I just hate the process of constantly whipping out my phone, unlocking it etc … Does anyone know of a good and fast tracker that works right from your lock screen? I tried a high protein diet for awhile and it really stressed my liver plus I put on 20 lbs. Fruits and veggies and fiber are the way to go (no pun intended lol)"
175876682,"No no no don’t say that. Actually, maybe be proud of that? I mean, if you’re going to fail at anything, failing at suicide is a good one. I just meant on the forum. If you don’t like interacting with people. I’m sorry you’re feeling so bad you’re thinking about suicide, though."
175876683,"Bought these used too. The red one was a lemon, I sold to a dealer. So didn’t lose money. The gray one, can’t remember the year."
175876684,I used to think it would improve mine because my failure to have it was a big issue with my voices. But I notice a lot of schizophrenics who have had it and are little better off.
174323826,When I first got diagnosed I didn’t even think I’d make it to 40 minutes.
175876685,"I think I have it in my tounge as well, it only happens when I get stressed though. I run my tounge around my teeth, is that similar to yours?"
175876686,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175876687,"Basic math, sure. But effective at helping get you to stop thinking about your anxieties."
175876688,I have to work tomorrow. I cant risk being hospitalized. Plus I’m not a danger to myself or others. I just wanna sleep.
175876689,I thought it was just me…is it the SZ or the meds?
175876690,Way to go! Small victories like that add up.
175876691,I was anally raped by the _NAME_ or Americans through tactile hallucinations
175876692,Are you sure about that? I’d talk to a Lawyer…I think you can get those records dismissed from your file.
175876693,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174323830,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ . I am there right now with you. I don’t have a solution, and I wish I did. Just wanted to let you know that you aren’t alone."
175876694,Use your math brain to find a stock that will go to the moon!!!
175876695,A butterfly on fire reaching for a tree.
175876696,I’ll Take The Tea. With Ice Sounds Really Great Right Now.
175876697,"Now I know it’s definently mind reading unfortunately, as you say there’s no way they could’ve found that post in that timeframe in a matter of seconds unless they have some sort of technology that searches for posts with that sentence in it, I still don’t want to believe it’s mind reading. The voices are telling me I just can’t hear what they are saying"
174323835,Just one needed for a day.
175876698,"I have been good so far, and I already have my dinner planned out, so it will be a totally good day. I have to stay really focused to lose weight while I am taking Zyprexa."
175876699,No Same as you _PHONE_NO_
175876700,Not too many shitposts on this forum. The moderation is excellent.
175876701,Manage to drive myself to dr appointment. Have Dr appointment and get there on time etc Manage to drive home safely from appointment. (I had to be shown how to drive here and still find it a bit scary)
175876702,I have problems finding my gate or where my mom picks me up.
175876703,"It’s also like, I want to talk more to people and family too and I’m obsessed with that, but I can’t seem to formulate much together because of the intrusive thoughts and delusions."
175876704,Good Idea! I have a hard enough time taking the supplements that I am supposed to take to add any more though.
175876705,I just wrote something pretty great on my blog. It’s a bit philosophical. Go check it out! The Dopamine Flux is my blog name. I don’t think I’m allowed to link it here.
175876706,"Going to the gym is tough,been doing it regularly for many years.It stresses me but keeps me healthy.Nothing fun about it"
175876707,"I worked up until I quit to become a parent. I think it was very good for me. I miss it, but now I’m in school again working towards my PhD so I still feel accomplished."
174323837,I just accepted it straight away when I was told it. Which is strange because my insight is the first thing to go when I become unwell. I remember being embarrased about the “paranoid” part of paranoid schizophrenia. Like that part was more of a _USER_ID_ than the schizophrenia part lol.
175876708,"Hehe! This wasn’t no LIL retail therapy but But maybe I should stay on 3mg vraylar. I wasn’t super tired alll day. I was sleeping a lot on 3 last time but I could’ve been depressed too I feel a slight bit engergized today. Not even enough for hypomania. But I’ll take what I can get! Ill check in! Apparently you can record what you do in the experiences/games through the oculus so I’ll record what I see and do. You can see what my hands touch and like if I pick up a flower etc or pet an animal. But yea! I’ll make a video if I figure out how too lol. _PERSON_ is excited too. He saw a couple things he liked. Something that was like call of duty and something else that was a zombie game, and then a Star Wars VR. Honestly I have high expectations somewhat. I mean it’s somewhat low but when I saw the raving reviews on any site I went to, I was like “hm I gotta see for myself”!"
175876709,"Hi, welcome to the forum and the forum here is surpportive."
175876710,"I'm curious if anyone else here has experienced mental health discrimination by the federal government. Specifically, if you've failed to contact an EEO counselor within the required 45 days because you were struggling with your mental health issues and couldn't advocate for yourself, and then had your case dismissed."
175876711,Nope.........
175876712,Eh.. Doing well.. Work tomorrow. I'm looking at self improvement and motivation blogs like TinyBuddha
175876713,"A guy from my brother’s work had a tattoo on his back from shoulder to shoulder. He asked the artist to write “Sh!t Happens” But the inker guy screwed up and wrote… “Sh!t Happenings” Hilarious for sure, but poor fellow."
174323827,"Sorry to post this stuff I have had my sleeping messed with by Abilify I think. Literally it has been 10 days of going to bed at midnight and waking by 3am-4am My sleep is important to me as I work a physical job and it compounds, makes me tired and grotty and agitated and my thoughts go to dark places"
175876714,APs I have been on: Risperdal 3mg Risperdal Consta Invega 234 shot And now Aristada 440 shot ADs Celexa Zoloft Mood stabilizers Lamictal
175876715,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175876716,People said i was talking to the phone with nobody on the line with a smile i cant recall that it happened two times…
175876717,I stopped playing. I lost many hobbies. Do you still play?
175876718,Wow cuz one of the people in my abuse passed away I brought it up and she suggest I do some more emdr. Well it was really intense and disturbing in a way but beneficial too. Glad we did it.
175876719,Mate I know this is gonna sound lame but do you have the facilities for making a cup of tea where you are. The act and ritual of brewing tea always helps ground me when my brain is having a flight of fancy.
175876720,How are you? Any symptoms?
174323828,Hello so a couple of days ago i was diagnosed with schizophrenia having a hard time accepting it on Flupentixol 150mg every 2 weeks and Amitriptyline 150mg they are increasing the dose to 200mg of Flupentixol every 2 weeks. Just wandered how people coped with it they want me to go to recovery classes to find out more about it thanks
175876721,Supplement companies put prescription or illegal stuff in weightlifting products. Usually its the ones that actually work lol
175876722,"If there was a push to asylums again, they’d be augmented by pharma advances, and there’d be less SZ people on the streets. It seems pretty ideal if it can be funded somehow. There isn’t infinite money, remember."
175876723,I have the mentality of a 14 y.o. because my sz at 15y.o. stopped my mental capacity growth. I can’t even manage money or live independently.
175876724,"I tried to build an image in life by admitting a negative once in a while. But people in my life sieze/pounce by timestamping these attempts at credibility by never following up, they add meaning this way, and it can feel like those yellow barrels they attach to the shark in the _PERSON_ movie. I know I’m basic/garden variety in my heart, but maybe my niche I am in, maybe it’s been deliberate, maybe I’ve been “corralled” into fighting/standing up more and being an outlier. I’m trying to understand “Man” more, and I think it’s a responsible thought process to have since I currently have a growing family, and I’m talented at this medium, and am ok right now. I feel like I’m in a sweet spot sometimes. (Like the executives who have the manic without the depressive.) I still have thoughts sometimes about being forced to “eat the hemlock”, or not “putting the conch down in time.” But I’m lucky overall I believe. I have perspective thanks to the stories found here."
175876725,_AT_MENTION_. Warmer than it has been! I live Arkansas USA
175876726,Another thing is in America you would get a prescription from a doctor and then go fill it at the pharmacy. Here in Thailand the psychiatrist just gives me the meds I want right at the little clinic she runs.
175876727,"I always thought intrusive thoughts are thoughts u prefer u didn’t have. And inserted thoughts are more severely psychotic, you feel like thoughts have literally been inserted in your mind and seem totally out of your control, somewhat"
175876728,Learning to face adversity and move past it towards success.
175876729,i hope so too slothlover. have a great day. _NAME_
174323842,I’ve always wondered what would happen if someone without SZ took antipsychotics. …Probably because I’m still in doubt that I have an illness
175876730,"I work in retail, it’s a hell of a grind but I can work 5 hours at a time, twice a week. I recently tried an 8 hour shift and started to wig out around the 6 hour mark. Toughest obstacle for me is thought broadcast, thinking everyone can see and feel whatever I’m experiencing. Had a really bad habit of talking to the voices throughout my whole shift, couldn’t concentrate and would screw up constantly. Also getting crazy ocd intrusive thoughts and trying to keep my outward composure. But I’m getting around it with grounding and mindfulness, last 2 shifts were alright thankfully."
175876731,"To be honest, no, your meaning is not clear to me in the slightest. +++ You seem to imply that there are entities behind the voices and that simple auditory hallucination is irrelevant to that idea. But you fail to present any argument for that idea. The research suggest that key to any hallucination is anticipation. Person who heavily anticipates a sound will produce a sound with their mind for themselves, and a person who anticipates speech from a character will hear just that. Actually, this is what modern computer simulations do, for example video game animations extrapolate to smooth the movement. It is easy to imagine brain to do similar. What this article suggests is easy to understand and manageable to verify."
175876732,"I re-train my mind into positive thinking by not only telling myself to say positive things to myself, but also to actually believe the positive things I tell myself."
175876733,Male here forever probably.
175876734,yeah need a look from psychtrists and neurologist ab never cause paralysis
175876735,"Exactly. For me too. It changed my personality and destroyed my brain, I believe. And I’m heavier. I’m trying to accept my weirdness, and difference in that above stuff. I’ve always been weird tho. Like really weird. Which is why I think I don’t vibe right with many people and they don’t seem to stick around. I’ve been on meds for at least half my life. 15-17 years. Since I was 13 or about."
175876736,thanks _NAME_.Back x
175876737,"I could go for anything with gluten right about now, but it will wreck me with inflammation."
175876738,"I’m not messing with my meds anymore. There’s no point in messing things up when I’m on a good mix that’s helping me. I’ll just accept that I need them. Anyway, I’m craving bacon. I saw a post on Facebook, a pic of bacon, now I can’t stop thinking about it. It’s been so long since I’ve had any. Maybe I’ll get some when I go to _USER_ID_’s next weekend."
175876739,"The methods described in this book were originally practiced with problem drinkers. Here is the book used with addiction. amazon.com Rational Recovery: The New Cure for Substance Addiction 4.4 out of 5 stars, I own both books and I wish I could lend them to you, but the rules… But I found rational recovery in 2006 when I was drinking a fifth of vodka. A day. A few years ago I found the brain over binge."
175876740,"and my community nurse is spying one me here, _NAME_, just MESS off and leave in pease!!!"
175876741,"Let’s make peace, ok? I don’t need your ????"
175876742,Normally that means I would be asleep in 20 minutes but tonight I’m not sure because I had a cup of coffee so late and I still feel wired from it. So I don’t know. What are you doing?
175876743,I watched the video about the resistance bands and it looks ok but i kind of feel like i’d get more out of a pilates work out than using that bc there is a lot more bending and twisting so working more muscles
175876744,The day is almost over You were strong today Symptoms won’t beat you Keep fighting You’re winning
175876745,"We recently got our computer fixed, and Mr. Star and I have been having dance-offs in Beat Saber. It is so much fun and does not feel like exercise at all, but damn do I ever get my heart rate up! I have been feeling a bit triggered lately, because it has been 6 months since I stopped gabapentin, and I’ve started losing the weight I gained on that med. I’m excited, but starting to obsess over how much weight I’ve lost. Mr. Star is trying to make sure I do not go on a diet, because there is no moderation for me. I will either eat without thinking about it, or I will starve myself into a stick figure while workong out 2 hours a day. I can’t just try to lightly limit my intake. So I am actively trying to remind myself to stay away from reading calories, and just eat until I’m not hungry anymore."
175876746,"no, only when you do dishonest gain. business is to earn money honestly a fair price for a good product"
175876747,"My therapist told me this too, aswell as someone I used to know… It must be a universal thing they use in England"
175876748,Everyone is on the spectrum. Everyone jumps to conclusions sometimes. If that conclusion is incorrect then it is a dellusion. Thus almost everyone has moments of dellusion.
175876749,Mother's Day is hard. I need to visit my moms grave sometime and bring flowers. I haven't gone in a long time.
175876750,"No, I haven’t. The issues only occur during the two episodes I’ve had"
175876751,"I’m so sorry to hear this. If I were you, I would ignore him. If you can, don’t allow him in your house at all. Don’t go where he goes. If you can’t do that, just ignore him. Avoid him. Don’t sit or stand next to him. Don’t talk to him. Don’t let your eyes meet. That’s what I would do anyway."
175876752,"It is a daily struggle, that’s for sure. I do have things that ease the abuse, like reading and doing creative things. I’m glad to hear you do too!"
175876753,thanks for caring and sharing. i can’t sleep tonight. anybody else up? _NAME_
175876754,"Constantly on guard Against anxiety, Constantly on guard Anyway."
175876755,You said so here.
175876756,I get it. I used to feel that way. Now with my husband and daughters I want to be a part of everyday life. But it’s not easy dealing with all the stress. I’m full of anxiety all the time
175876757,I used to have a brilliant memory when I was diagnosed with dyslexia they said I had the memory of a 12 year old when I was age 8 dunno what that means but yeah.
175876758,I would like to draw several paintings for this community. What would you like me to draw?
175876759,"Yes. I learn useful lessons from each here and there, I use different strategies…mostly putting the advice into action. I’m trying to share the youtube resources I’ve subscribed to which have helped me until now. It really took me some time to find them. I have found the Polar Warriors and _NAME_ channels to be somewhat cluttered. In order to stay on a particular topic, I might grab a sheet of paper, or set the video playback slower, in order to really retain I write down some of the key points. Or I will just listen to a kind voice (I’ve found different channels on youtube), which helps me feel connected or supported Dr. _PERSON_ is my favorite. Though there may be other great sources"
175876760,Put a paper towel over the air flow holes and lift your head way up and blow into the mouthpiece.
175876761,"I’ve cut back more now on sugars. For breakfast I’ve been eating some fiber cereals (Cheerios with no sugar or some Kashi cereal) with bananas and mostly eating salads for lunch or dinner. I’m usually not that hungry after a good salad. Mostly I find it’s soda, coffee and other sugar foods that were not healthy for me. I’ve decided no more sweet tea either. When my brother said he was thirsty the other day I told him to grab an apple. He did and he was like, “That was actually satisfying.”. I grab one when I feel like I need something to satisfy my craving for something sweet and juicy. It’s great. Speaking of I gotta walk to the store to get more it looks like… And I like the title of the thread because size is not an indication of ‘health’. That always annoys me when people think that."
175876762,Welcome to the forum!!! You’ll find this is a supportive and friendly forum.
175876763,It’s what my doctors say.
175876764,Are you okay? I’m having a hard time following what you wrote.
175876765,"Calorie count, walk with my phone that tracks steps. Go to gym every morning and do a strength training routine. It’s more for maintenance."
175876766,So 4 showers this week. A new record! I bought some new good smelling body washes to get me to want to use them more. I also got nee face cream to try. Supposed to put it on twice a day. Hoping this keeps up. Maybe the ailify is working!
175876767,Recurring thoughts and pointless dread Filling the hamsters head. He runs and runs Earns his bread. He is happy He is not dead. Though struggle he will Life is still… … … Good
175876768,"My chest hurts just thinking about it now =_= If you’re not too irritable with others in your life, it won’t get too bad though where you feel like you can have a heart attack. I’ve had moments of having to clench my arm to when dealing with ‘family’ who are so abrasive. If you can develop self-compassion and sort of feel for yourself, it can help process painful emotions though. Or at least make them manageable and feels better than stuffing it down or trying to ignore it. I tend to just get highly irritable no matter what."
175876769,I heard one guy talk about “being a dreamer that doesn’t follow through.” I’m a dreamer that doesn’t even start.
175876770,The part that makes a male a male.
175876771,"Because if mother ain’t happy, ain’t NOBODY happy."
175876772,are you on meds? when I was delusional I was diagnosed right off the bat.
175876773,Don’t they have lockdown where you at here they arresting people for buying booze or cigarettes nothings legal
175876774,Probably not. Alkaline water affects uptake though. This probably isn’t that.
175876775,"_PERSON_ is brilliant at taking complex topics and making them understandable to a broad audience. I love his work. But the technology he is talking about doesn’t exist yet, and won’t for quite some time. If we had the processing capacity for that kind of power, you can bet the entertainment industry would already be exploiting it. Follow the money, basically. If it had actually been done already, someone would have found a way to make it profitable by now. You can bet there is no money in forcibly uploading some disabled guy’s brain to a computer just to torture him."
175876776,"I went for a walk but don’t know why I am feeling so terrible right now, I am packing soon. I hope I will make it today and have a good day."
175876777,"Did the math on it, I’ve been free from drugs for 6 years 8 months and 5 days. That’s the day I was checked into rehab. I will admit I’m still fighting for sobriety, I am everyday. But it’s become so much easier, coping with things in a healthy way, using my tools. I could never properly describe in words what sobriety feels like after you’ve struggled. It’s a better high than anything else I’ve found, because I appreciate it more than I did before the addiction. You can find hope, and get help. It’s not too late for anyone."
175876778,Sorry if I offended you. That was just an example. Not specifically directed towards you or anything.
175876779,So glad to here this! Good luck with everything!!
175876780,I recently watched Arctic. It was okay but it had a stupid ending.
175876781,Subtle features in people’s everyday language may harbor the signs of future mental illness. Machine learning offers an approach for the rapid and accurate extraction of these signs. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41537-019-0077-9
175876782,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_-spray _AT_MENTION_
174323849,Thread bump Currently doing PEMF therapy which is good for various mental illnesses since it repairs the blood-brain barrier. Having good success. I’m only going to bump this every 2-3 months.
174323841,exactly same…
175876783,"I am just strange but I don’t think I scare people. Yesterday I did think I was asleep and needed to die in the dream to wake up. That may have scared them but they didn’t say so (working on my meds with my doc already). But generally, I’m just odd. I’ve gotten ok with it because I’m very optimistic also. I have some friends but I don’t need many. If your delusions are scary to them then ask them how they think you feel You are ok and enough JUST how you are. They can learn to empathize rather than internalize."
175876784,So I’ve been hitting some milestones. I’ve just done 10 years without a cigarette and now I’ve realized I’ve been on antipsychotics and antidepressants for 20 years! Not a bad effort. I’m pretty stable these days and I wonder how much that has been the pills or whether age and the lessening of symptoms is occurring… Either way. I like my life and hope to continue to keep on keeping on! I guess you could say I’m a veteran these days in more ways than one!
175876785,Sleeping a lot
175876786,I’m amazed at the despicable people in this world. It’s horrible enough that people are buying all toilet paper and hand sanitizer and reselling at outrageous prices. But when they do that with baby formula they have reached an all time cruelty. Amazingly sad seeing the depravity of some people. I hope karma gets them good.
175876787,"You’re an inspiration! I am trying to get a full-time job to get off disability, but you have actually successfully done it! So awesome!"
175876788,"Its not if you enjoy it, its how bad you react to them. For some weed does nothing, for some it worsens psychosis."
175876789,Yes we have a Thunderbird club House near by. Thanks for the information
175876790,"Does i feel bad physically, cause i am mostly anxious and paranoid? My ex pdoc used to say, that i have the impression to cant think, cause i have mostly paranoid thoughts… My paranoia is not typical, maybe thats why the meds dont work well on my anxiety and the paranoia … Did your paranoia also was hitting you in your body? Yeah, imagine what is to cant stand on your feet by fear… My thinking is a mess then too… I have some physical sensations in my head too then… Maybe i wasnt compelled for years to face the others and the reality, but its still hard… Do you think the zyprexa can relieve my physical sensations one day, please? Nobody??? The other szs seem to have physical suffering too i find from what i saw in front of the docs cabinets, but few talk about this, idk… MY pdoc just said, that i am not so delusional, but that my sz is uncommonly painful, cause i somatize yeah…"
175876791,"We’re crazy, then. I should remember this Before i jugde me really strictly."
175876792,I may be totally wrong here and let me know honestly what you think. I just feel like sometimes motherhood is overrated? You give up so much. sometimes your husband doesn’t give up half as much as you do. but again. i’m not a mother. but i was a mother to a special needs dog and it was hard.
175876793,I did think it was inappropriate. I ended up giving her the ride because I felt like I couldn’t say no. It made me very uncomfortable.
175876794,"”I don’t hate other people, i’m just afraid of them, and been since i was born” (_PERSON_, Swedish author) “Since i was born, i have been estranged from the strange life of others, their habits, their favorite tv shows, the strange content of their shopping carts?” (Blue Butterfly, Danish sucker)"
175876795,"yes,i have problems with imagination now. i used to be too lost in my daydreams and books and was highly internally focused until i stabilized on meds, esp abilify. since then, decrease. i do associate my skitz with imagination though, having months of endless visual and auditory hallucinations plus wild delusions…a part of me is glad im not capable of that anymore. of course, i can still go back to that level of imagination when i forget to take meds for months or whatev, like recently. i started back on abilify because watching videos was becoming too intense and heightened, and my daydreams while walking absorb me too much again. I can still be creative in other ways, just not painting. i also make music and memes etc…those are fine, but painting i dunno. maybe it’s because it’s a long internal process that takes days usually. or maybe it’s because i started painting while i was psychotic so it’s all connected to me, i dunno. but yes, i did lose some ability to have an imagination."
175876796,Eating meat made us develop better brain. Early history.
175876797,"ITI007 is expected to receive approval in September this year. But actually, roluperidone is being developped by _NAME_ Neurosciences, while lumateperone (ITI007) is being developed by Intracellular Therapies"
175876798,Ive been really paranoid someone poisoned my food for a week now. Ive eaten maybe 2000 calories since and im lucky for that much. Im convinced someone did this last night tho i only ate after really inspecting a packaged item and it tasted extremely bland. It was pizza and it tasted like wet cardboard even with spices on it i could barely taste the spices. Ive never had this happen before this bad
175876799,I’m not very imaginative. It just looks like a dyspraxic dancer to me.
175876800,I used to believe my urinary problems was someone stabbing a voodoo doll to hurt me. I used to believe people were doing nasty magic on me to torment me make me suffer hurt me. I don’t believe it anymore.
175876801,"Cool website, man!"
175876802,"Hello Community, I was just curious if anyone’s sex life has been effected by their symptoms or medication? I myself seem to become hyper sexual when I am going through a heavy psychosis while simultaneously not wanting to be touched. I crave sex and at the same time am repulsed at the thought of being touched. On my medication I seem to have a normal sexual appetite but I have developed some strange fetishes. I find myself craving violent acts to be performed on me (I don’t feel violent tword anyone else) such as wanting to be whipped, hit, suffocated, and choked. Is this normal and does it go away? I have been on my medication for about 3 months now."
175876803,im trying to but i do not even realise what am i doing wrong!!!
174323848,It has been awesome for me. I am on 2 mg. No side effects. Greatly diminishes my symptoms to where they are practically nonexistent. Really the only time I have flare ups is when I forget to refill it on time and have to go a few days without it.
175876804,I Dont need to wear either.
175876805,"When you say you’re less worthy, are you comparing yourself to particular people?"
175876806,Thanks bb. _PERSON_ I'm starting to feel better. I felt like manic. Very agitated. Like I could hurt myself. I was hyper focused but all I could do was stare at the wall. My fiance has been asking me why I've been yelling at him lately and being mean. I think its the sarcosine.
175876807,"The heels of my feet hurt so unbelievably bad, that I felt like I was gonna faint or something. It started after all the heavy physical move was done. I'm laying down now. I tried to get out today but I had to come back home after 45 min or so. It took us from 8am to 6pm to physically move stuff. And I didnt even really do any of that. We woke up at 7am. But I unpacked nearly everything after and today."
175876808,Tell your doctor this. And your Mom brought you to the Hospital to help you…because she loves you.
175876809,Watching the news right now — finally my state is in uniform conduct of social distance – numbers climbed up to 83 cases today
175876810,CongratulTions om
174323845,the Guardian – 20 Aug 19 Growing up in air-polluted areas linked to mental health issues Correlation found between poor air quality and disorders including schizophrenia
175876811,Have you heard the horrors of invega sustenna?
175876812,"let him try it, if its not working or he has any problems on it ask him to consult with his psyche dr, keep an eye on him but not invasively."
175876813,"I am on 100 mg. I can take 200, but if I do I can not sleep"
175876814,Gorgeous! It’s exciting that this trend is taking off
175876815,"The first time I had a panic attack, I was sure it was a heart attack. I went to the doctor and after checking me out he said it was anxiety and referred me to a therapist. I was upset at first and confused bc nothing like that had ever happened to me. But there are underlying causes for panic attacks, and therapy might be a good thing for you to try. There are also medications to help with anxiety. Don't be embarrassed, anxiety is a pretty common thing. And when it happens the first time, it feels like some kind of physical problem."
175876816,It’s Jus a Cigarette to Me… . …
175876817,"What if a guy said directly to a woman, but to another girl, “She’s boring”?"
175876818,i spent around 150 dollars on vitamin and supplement every three months but my insurance pays for it. So thats awesome.
175876819,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175876820,"Well, it's done. Now to just let it cool"
175876821,Yeah that’s good since I have insight Btw everyone who said I don’t have insight is wrong
175876822,i take mild meds because ive gotten diabetes… and ive gotta readjust em … im working on it
175876823,"Maybe they put stacks of $100. bills in your car, just for you."
175876824,Finally saw my left eye twitching in the mirror! It’s been about 2 weeks now that my left eye twitches on and off. I hope to God it’s not tardive dyskinesia. It’s not steady but frequent. Don’t know if I should mention this to my pdoc.
175876825,Glad to hear Zyprexa works for you also _AT_MENTION_
175876826,Yeah reddit advice forums are really ******. I'm sorry they said that about you
175876827,legs are on fire Fork
175876828,_AT_MENTION_ Thank you. Please anon too.
174323850,I have told this to my psychiatrist today. She told it is a schizophrenia symptom.
175876829,"I'm not sure what to do, I think I'll take I e if my prns. I'm hearing whispering in my ear and worried I'm being poisoned by my doctor. I hate this."
175876830,What is home? The place you were before you moved in with your sister?
175876831,I used to be hooked up on _NAME_ ginseng and green tea canned drinks. I also took caffeine pills for sometime. Now back to coffee.
175876832,Are your voices benign or harsh? Where are you from?
175876833,"At 24, although at that point I’d had psychotic symptoms for about 3 or 4 years. Not sure whether that was mostly the prodrome or actual sz."
175876834,"No contact. Which means no “thank you” aswell, imo."
175876835,"Why, dear? Why? It’s unfair. Don’t be cruel to yourself"
175876836,You must have a great dentist!
175876837,"I find that I get positive symptoms at mid-afternoon, but not really at any other time of day. Is it like this for any of you?"
175876838,Curried goat with veggies
175876839,Drugs have most definitely improved since the 50’s _AT_MENTION_
175876840,"Should be okay. Don’t pick our pull off the peeling skin, just let it be and peel on its own."
175876841,yea I do recommend the b tones especially mine are starting to disappear though because I press so hard with the pencils and then ill have to stck to hb pencil looking forward to seeing more art of yours if you ever feel like posting more.
175876842,_AT_MENTION_ at the time my wife and I were in turmoil because my wife was obsessed with me and my past girlfriends because she was delusional as was I. I wanted to leave but finally figured out we were delusional but it was too late…the water under the bridge had too many mines in it…we divorced later…of course you know that I guess.
175876843,"you dont take antidepressant, any SSRI ? Is your mood/anxiety okay ?"
175876844,Make it a good day. I find most days with friends/family etc to be pretty good. I try to make it so and worry about the rest later. Have a good day!
175876845,I was on invega trinza and couldn’t feel emotions. I switched to Abilify maintena 5 months ago and I still don’t feel emotions (I think invega is still in my system.).
175876846,I'm looking for a book on game theory and how it relates to politics.
175876847,"I stopped taking it for 3 days and I had brain contractions/cramps, severe headache. But I think its the same if you suddenly stop any antipsychotic."
175876848,I don’t have any passion. I don’t know what to do
175876849,"Yes, ofc they are good days, but what is life worth without dignity ?"
175876850,"We are already 3 people from portugal! No i didnt talk about this, i think it’s a minor thing"
175876851,"en.m.wikipedia.org Germanwings Flight 9525 Germanwings Flight 9525[a] was a scheduled international passenger flight from Barcelona–El Prat Airport in Spain to Düsseldorf Airport in Germany. The flight was operated by Germanwings, a low-cost carrier owned by the German airline Lufthansa. On 24 March 2015, the aircraft, an Airbus A320-211, crashed 100 km (62 mi; 54 nmi) north-west of Nice in the French Alps. All 144 passengers and six crew members were killed. It was Germanwings' first fatal crash in the 18-year history of the com The ... I always thought this co-pilot was prodromal."
175876852,"Consider our minds like an old worn out manual transmission car which have poor clutch. Yes due to this engine often gets off. But if know to manage it we can still use that car. Poor clutch can be compared to our mind which gives fake thoughts, delusions and other symptoms. But we need to learn to ignore such distractions so that it won’t affect our functioning."
175876853,My family left me psychotic for 2 years. Now I take care of all my health problems while they yell at me about cost. It sucks but do what you gotta do.
175876854,Why doesn’t your doctor add something else to your meds like an antidepressant or mood stabilizer? Perhaps that would get you feeling better. I don’t think life is meant to be this hard.
175876855,Crying. Can't take it. Sorry for so many posts.
175876856,how about this one ?
175876857,What does your pdoc say?
174323857,Your back hurts L) pills M) pills and therapy U) Just a tiny incision on your back and you’ll be walking normally again in 12 hours Your schizophrenia care insurance L) Let’s see if your medicaid will pay for it M) Your premiums went up $500 U) So your kid has a little problem with his head huh? The co-pay for Invega is 4 dollars. Thank you for your patronage. Stroke: L) Well I was in the hospital for months. Thank God they gave me this low income apartment. M) You will have to go on disability. U) It was awful but now I’m back on the job. Exercise: L) Take a walk outside and hope no one shoots you M) Go to the gym once a week. U) Go to your private gym whenever you feel like it. Diabetes L) Here’s some foods you can eat and some metforim. Any questions. M) Get some testing supplies and use them U) Actually not much different than Middle. Heart attack L) Good as dead M) surgery that you pay for the rest of your life U) The finest care. Lung Cancer if you are an adult L) Your dead M) Your dea
d in a few months U) Your dead years from now
175876858,"Its much more complicated, costly and sometimes impossible online. If you’re worried you can hide your IP address with a VPN."
175876859,All I know is that I exist. That’s for sure. My consciousness fills all universe
175876860,Welcome mate. Hope you find this site therapeutic like I do.
175876861,When I was a teen in the 90s there was a radio program Saturday and Sunday called Open House Party. They did a lot of remixes on there. This reminds me of that. I like it. I was 17 in 1993
175876862,Is this a common delusion of yours?
175876863,I am not so made that I can be indifferent to being liked by someone I impressed.
175876864,My scan came back normal as well
175876865,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m worried about you man, You keep asking the same things over and over and over and over again …"
175876866,That’s great news! Congrats!!!
175876867,"I have heard this too, at least in a subset of the sz population and likewise for gluten…am trying to cut both out but it is not easy"
175876868,"I’m on a low carb diet right now to lose excess fat, though I would not say that its a keto diet. More like a diabetic diet, just without diabetes."
175876869,Just because someone on the internet said that doesn’t mean it is true. It wears off pretty quickly. I don’t know of any medication that can stay in your body for almost a year later. Very much like a delusion. Everyone wants something to blame for symptoms.
175876870,Thank you for reading my long post!
175876871,Meds can cause anhedonia as well.
174323860,"So I want to try fo ti, although there is much clinical evidence, clozapine sounds like a nightmare to me, sodium valproate has been the best thing I’ve had yet really releasing me from my past, both the good and the bad, now I only have nostalgia for my school days which were melancholy but fun. I’m not sure if it’s the tobacco that causes the thought broadcasting, but I’m addicted."
174323852,"What are you on now? I’m kinda in the same boat. I was on rexulti before I moved, then after I was switched to ability. I was starting to like my previous med but apparently its hard to come by where I moved."
175876872,"_NAME_, if he were still alive that is."
175876873,Did you recover?
175876874,Things to watch out for are negatives and depression. They can often feed each other and it’s hard to find things like motivation etc…
175876875,"Good for you _AT_MENTION_ I quit 5 1/2 years ago come April. I smoked for over 50 years and am on oxygen now, working to strengthen my lungs and my mind."
175876876,_AT_MENTION_ what kinds of reports would you research or write? _AT_MENTION_ who would you trade places with? _AT_MENTION_ which instrument?
175876877,"I think a little narcissism is okay…let’s you get the job done with confidence. But people with our affliction can take it to the nth degree, while psychotic thinking we are the center of the Universe."
174323870,_AT_MENTION_ What age were you formally diagnosed? Did you always knew you had it or did it get diagnosed later in life?
175876878,"Yes, I’m the laetitia who sings Glad to see you again!"
174323865,"its just the sedating effects of the meds, if you can find one that allows you to function at your peak then thats great, but sedation will cause you to slow down and be unmotivated, tiired and so we do other things to try and satisfy our needs, some people drink, smoke, take drugs its bad news, the meds affect our pyhsiology as well so we are more prone to health problems. i think our metabolism slows down too and we may strugglle to fight off bugs bc it affects our immune system i think as well,"
175876879,"Yeah. Frustrating. To me, it’s also scary when I think about my future"
175876880,I don’t hate you.I am sorry you are feeling this way
175876881,Same here I use the lozenges. So far they are working but the morning is still the toughest
174323864,"Im on a lot of antidepressant, and tried most of them. The antidepressive effect stops after a year or so. Only the anti anxiety effect last. What is the best antipsychotic med for depression? Lithium didn’t work for me. I have tried seroquel and became even more depressed. Now im on 10 mg abilify, but still depressed. Is Zyprexa good for depression? Clozapine? Risperdal?"
175876882,Really? I didn’t know that. I guess I’m in denial about being ill I don’t feel like I’m like the other patients here.
175876883,Thank you! I appreciate this
175876884,"Some desserts I just _NAME_ Attached Images IMG_2841.jpg (446.6 KB, 8 views) IMG_2840.jpg (423.8 KB, 8 views)"
175876885,"I just finally learned something about my janitor job. I go in three days a week and punch in and my supervisor assigns me a job. When I go in every morning I brace myself for whatever they ask. I psyche myself up, pump myself up. It’s an old habit from my truck unloading years. I mean when you take a bus for an hour and a half and then you know you’re going to walk in at 8:30 am and immediately start lifting heavy boxes as fast as you can for the next four hours you have to prepare yourself. That’s what I did four years and was pretty good at it. But this past 6 months they assign me my task for the afternoon and it just keeps being easy. I don’t know what I’m expecting but another aspect is that my supervisors think what they tell me to do all the time is some hard, strenuous difficult work like I’m going to complain about (which I never do). About the only task I really don’t like is sweeping and mopping the lobby. It’s out in the open with people strolling by which is distractin
g and there’s all these little corners to sweep and mop. But when the boss says vacuum the auditorium and almost acts like I’m going to complain or get mad, I’m actually telling myself, “Halleluiah, I get to vacuum the auditorium!”. The auditorium is a huge room with tier seating and podiums where the soldiers have classes and meetings and lectures. I like it because the lights aren’t bright, I’m alone in a huge room for a couple of hours, I have my system down for how to vacuum it and it just ain’t hard at all and I can take my time. One of my favorite jobs. Or the boss will have me do trash in the warehouse, another plumb job. That’s just emptying wastebaskets and half the offices are locked and empty anyways and it’s just pushing a trash can on wheels around and emptying no more than ten or 15 wastebaskets. The warehouse is quiet and mostly empty and they have a vending machine with Rock Star drinks and similar drinks. that I always look forward to. Or vacuuming the gym ain’t bad. It 
used to be a royal pain in the ass. It isn’t huge, but it used to be crammed with too many treadmills and exercise machines and shelves with weights and benches. It created too many nooks and cranny’s and difficult and awkward places to reach. But about 6 or 7 months ago they took half that stuff out and now there’s a lot more open space and breathing room. So it’s not hard. Cleaning drinking fountains is easy. My boss thinks I hate it but it’s easy and relaxing too. And so on. I just realized lately that there are jobs they ask us to do like vacuuming and cleaning restrooms that take effort but those are only one day a week and usually on a Friday and the soldiers like to take a long weekend so on Friday it’s just a skeleton crew of them. But when they ask me to do all these easy tasks, it almost feels like the tasks don’t really need to be done and they are just inventing something for me to do. I think that’s about 10% of it but the other 90% is that someone has to do it. Anyways, it’s a 
new development in the janitorial saga, I can sure get used to it fast."
175876886,Can’t you call your Dr?
174323856,"I had to pay the tax attorney close to a grand for him to get me out of the mess with year after year of digging myself out of this hole, but the one thing he didn't fix was taking the 2016 _NAME_ off my wages (garnishing wages). It looks like I have to give them an extra $400 a week of my paychecks. sigh... maybe 2-3 weeks and it will be done. And i have to pay the IRS $100 a month which is really cool. I just have this bad feeling he cooked the books and I'll get an IRS audit AGAIN, which cast me $20k the first time. But would the IRS really do that to a paranoid schizoaffective guy when they have an official diagnosis in their hands? Time will tell. I worked on book 2 for awhile. The story, not the philosophy. Also I wrote a few messages to women on okcupid. I feel like such an... alien or weirdo when I look at their profiles. I searched key words like ""philosophy"" ""Writer"" ""Poet"" ""Education"" ""Romanticism"" (I know, I stretched it with that one), and next to no matches. And all these wo
men use ""happy"" 13 times in their profile, say their hobby is traveling lol, I don't really see them chasing a passion as their side hustle. Everytime I mention im painter and drywaller I get radio silence. I use to be insecure about it but whatever, my friend said I should just use the term ""Skilled Tradesman"" This reminds me of a skit C. S. _NAME_ did where he said dating after a long term relationship was like getting out of prison: The cars are moving fast, im dressing funny, the first date is terrible, and I just want to go home and Possible trigger: hang myself. lol oh life. Will I ever find love again? Is there some dating app that is better, really better than OK Cupid? I use have a line of women when I was on okcupid 5 years ago. I think I'm too series, and because I have this dad bod going haha. But I'm way more confident, and found my mission in life."
175876887,"self medicating is one thing but don’t go get yourself addicted. know when to stop. You sound like you are getting dependent. self medicating for pain if there is nothing else to a degree. But something worse could come upon you. Have a conversation with your husband who sounds like he is there to help and balance you. Call someone, scream in a pillow, draw a picture or a change of scenery, walking might help."
175876888,"So I am convinced that the combination of the publicity seeking Instagram model and the movie, baring my Auntie’s name are the disruptive cause of my Aunt’s suffering from dementia. The director of the movie was called _NAME_. There is a Greek princess called _NAME_ and my Aunt was married to a man called Theodoras who was killed during the Turkish invasion of Cyprus. The disruptive combination of the movie and the Instagram model bringing the name to the U.S. medias attention is the cause I’m sure."
175876889,"I should post all the lyrics of all the songs of mine. Might be worth to do so. Anyway, glad you think it’s catchy, thanks!"
175876890,"Finally chopped the peppers for freezing. Have gotten 15 sweet green peppers so far from the garden. Made a pork chop, quick pickles, potato salad, deviled eggs and grilled green tomatoes or dinner. Applied to a bunch of jobs."
175876891,There’s a new switch coming out in early 2021 tho so we will see!
175876892,"Yes totally, how are you?"
175876893,"I still have not paid mine off I have about £11,000 still to pay off since 2008 but because my jobs haven’t had that much income money does not get taken out"
175876894,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175876895,"Here's my little personal story as to my development of the ""disorder"" (the child I'm referring to in the story is me): As the child is developing emotionally at a young age and has parents who swing from overbearing to neglectful....the child learns to turn off his emotions as much as possible as there is great pain and confusion over whether one is loved or not loved. The child simply cannot trust that he is indeed loved due to confusion over parental behaviors. The child learns that people are unreliable and can be dangerous. There is a strong belief formed that people are not a source of love and warmth. People are seen as subversive and untrustworthy. So, in this way, the Schizoid Personality is developed. Anyway, just a quick summary of what I believe to be my personal development of the ""disorder""."
175876896,"Most humans are really. Tell yourself you are ok, you are ok."
175876897,Thanks. I called one. They were very nice and said I can take them. Didn’t even have to share my name
175876898,I wish they'd fix that.
175876899,well u might be right
175876900,"I've already tried a bunch of meds. I've been on meds for about 15 years so I've tried the lot with not a lot of success. Hopefully the supplements will help. I mean, it can't hurt, it's just supplements, natural stuff."
175876901,"We’re here to listen and sometimes console. Its an unfortunate reality for all of us, no one would choose this. We are in a unique position and need to compromise but also to bargain harshly with the realities facing us. What are you willing to put the energy into, to fight for. I hope you heal your spirit and fight this illness to lead a life you can be proud of. I’m still fighting, fight with me and this community and reshape this unpleasant new event into something you can manage to be proud of."
175876902,i don’t know. you’ll find out huh. maybe you will sleep bad for starters.
175876903,"Hello! I have been on chantix champix for 10 days and I have not stopped smoking nor have I decreased the number of cigarettes I smoke per day. This really worries me, because I live in the third world and here the drugs are very expensive! Can someone guide me on how to make the champix work? or tell me tips and guides ñara leave this addiction."
175876904,I think we need to learn that who we are is enough. It can be a hard lesson to learn.
175876905,"Yes they do, my mother told me that when unmedicated I was bizarre and talking nonsense, I was also talking and relpying to myself nonsense."
175876906,"Great title _AT_MENTION_, lol."
175876907,The sun is just a hot ball of hydrogen and helium that’s been around for billions of years.
175876908,image4000×1874 853 KB There’s always another path. Find it.
175876909,yes I did today
175876910,"Just talked to my doc about this today, he said I’ll get used to it. Hope he’s right."
175876911,Love you.
175876912,I went to school on SSDI but I never got reviewed so I don’t know the answer to that. I went off of SSDI and went back to work though so you can make progress. Good luck.
174323872,well there's many different strains of weed. You just gotta experiment on what helps and what doesn't.
175876913,I tried 140mg since then but it gave me a panic attack so I took benzos and went to sleep. I woke up and the magic wasn't there.
175876914,Do you get paid to do that? Haha Sounds laid back
175876915,"I am not scared of much really. Not even death. I mean it’s just an end and a beginning I believe. I truly hope and believe there is life after death. If you’re religious, you can interpret more from this process. I pray I will live forever, but my Earth suit with sza will hopefully be left behind eventually. Just a friendly reminder like the poster above mentioned not to ruminate, and stay positive."
175876916,Me too _AT_MENTION_ -
175876917,This is old and apparently the best from the composer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lObEdaFW7rE
175876918,I’m sorry for your loss _AT_MENTION_
175876919,People said to me that you can’f
175876920,Thats probably like our AP art exams
175876921,This is outrageously inaccurate! I really hope you write that letter!
175876922,My friend asked me to come over and do some work with her tonight for about an hour and she'd pay me $50. I told her she didn't have to pay me but she is insisting so it looks like I'm going to get $50 tonight. Yeah! Almost makes up for my $90 shoe spree yesterday.
174323871,"PubMed Mismatch Negativity and Impaired Social Functioning in Long-Term and in First... Mismatch negativity (MMN) is elicited by infrequent physical parameter sound changes. MMN to pitch-deviants (pMMN) and duration-deviants (dMMN) are severely reduced in long-term schizophrenia (Sz). Although symptom factors (positive, negative,..."
175876923,Nice! Hope you enjoy it.
175876924,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, provides some resources on their website including information about treatment options, screening techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 9,000 members discussing their own experiences with their mental health. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175876925,"I can definitely relate. I spend so much time either being depressed or trying to recover from being depressed, it feels like I have no time to actually live. Just the cycle itself is exhausting."
175876926,new Roll Call
175876927,Thank you for replying. They also said it is as effective as 4 mg risperidon. I hope it is strong enough to reduce the hallucinations.
175876928,You 2 or 3 could write a book. Told in 3 parts and your stories could play off of each other. Do you know what a fugue ( in music) is?
175876929,Do your voices test you like seeing wether you can block thoughts or quit smoking ?
175876930,Split-foyer Up or down but they stay in the middle when there is no hurry no walls no new normal a high ceiling for reaching rooms are enough for closeness and sharing the turn-about outside to say not on the straight and narrow railing to see through and hold the center cut of a drop-off flat emotion to waiting and wanting every deck from the kitchen is the escape into personal growth matched in color tired of beds in silence or in blaring sun home makes the changes you live with.
175876931,"I’m with you, let’s be positive."
175876932,Is this a loss or a victory?
175876933,seem like delusion. in ocd you respond with some kind of logic.
175876934,I'm gonna nap or rest maybe. I walked in my room and the sunshine hitting the tapestry and changing the color of the room is so dam inviting.
175876935,"that’s quick weight gain, it doesn’t get much worse than that. I’m so sorry this is happening. I hope the loxapine works without side effects. You must be really frustrated right now."
175876936,But it is hard to be sure. Bad things have happened to some shop people.
175876937,"What we need now is more appealing cows, bulls, drugs AND less forests or people to maintain them?"
175876938,you are just low intelligence then
175876939,Thanks _NAME_.155
175876940,yes its ok for me
175876941,My previous family Dr said its from high cholesterol.
175876942,I've cut my tongue from coughing non stop. I hope it will calm down. My iced watermelon disposable is helping hugely. The wonders of menthol. I wish I could get a bottle of pop. I'm so thirsty. I hate being sick.
175876943,Dark chocolate is so bitter My grandma eats it. It’s like tree bark. I never knew until then how much sugar and milk goes into most chocolates.
175876944,"Overall Problems/Narratives Multiple anxiety disorders General Anxiety Disorder(GAD)- Anxiety from compulsive ruminations or constant racing thoughts. There is not a thought that seems more concerning than the others. I have been asked “what is the one thought that bothers me the most?”, and I don't have an answer for that. I have thousands of thoughts that pops up randomly which include past rejections, past fears, past conflicts, seemingly millions of ""what if"" scenarios that could have played out differently(Such as what if I said or did something differently. What if someone else said or did something differently), future interactions and conversations, and mundane thoughts. When I am able to clear one thought from my mind, another one pops in. I feel like I am playing the ""Whack-a-Mole"" game with my mind. This perpetual game saps my mental energy which then drains me of any physical energy. I honestly feel that I cannot make any improvement with other problems/narratives unless I can h
ave the mental energy to get my racing thoughts under control. I have tried therapy and medications with no success. Social Anxiety- Definitely lifelong, definitely more towards women, and probably can be classified as severe. Unable to hold a conversation with strangers. The more strangers that I am around, the more uncomfortable I am. I am generally more comfortable in one on one situations, but that doesn't mean I am comfortable. When someone makes fun of me in public, I just want to leave the situation and go home. When I get rejected by a woman, my anxiety goes through the roof even if I barely know the woman. I usually cannot calm down from a single female rejection. That single rejection can consume me for several weeks or months. Depression- I find myself wanting to take many naps during my free time, even if I have no issues sleeping at night. A common narrative is if I was to die, would any one miss me? Or would they be relieved they would not have to interact with me anymore? No social support syst
em- I have felt that I have never had a family member or friend who can show empathy and is willing to show/provide support without ridiculing me, tearing me down, or dismissing my problems. I suffered from childhood sexual trauma for many years. This has led to a lifelong sexual dysfunction. I believe this sexual dysfunction is more mental than physical. But could be both. A common narrative is one that I am unable to find women with empathy. Many women say they have empathy, but no one actually shows it. A common narrative is I suffer constant rejections from women. I have never had a girlfriend. I have never lived with a single woman. I have never had a birthday party. I have never kissed someone at midnight for New Year's. Going to a New Year's party and seeing everyone with a romantic partner starts my new year off in a negative way. The thought loop ""Will I continue to be single?"", ""Will this year be different?"", ""Do I repulse women?"", ""Will I continue to suffer anxiety and depression?"" starts t
o play over and over. Sometimes I feel it would be better to stay home instead of being at the party because I have to fake that I am happy for the new year. Childhood(Dad Physical, Verbal, and Neglect Abuse) One of my first childhood memories was with my dad and mom being separated. I was 5 or 6. Dad was trying to work things out with our mom, and he spent all night arguing with her at her one bedroom apartment. I don't remember my mom and dad ever being happy before the divorce. I only remember the constant arguing, fighting, and verbal abuse between the two. My sister and I was in the single bedroom, so we could not see anything in the living room. But we could hear everything and all the verbal abuse that went on for hours. Dad eventually wore Mom down and they joined us in the bedroom to sleep. He began to try and have sex with our mom with my sister and I in the same bed. Our mom kept saying no over and over. Dad punched mom in the face and left. Mom ended up with a bad black eye. My father took custody 
of me and my sister after the divorce. I was age 6 or 7. My dad was bitter about the divorce, and was constantly trying to expose what a terrible mom that we had. Due to this extreme bitterness, I feel the reason he chose custody was so he didn't have to pay our mom child support. My dad once slapped my sister so hard that it left a hand print on her face for days. I don't think she was even 10 years old yet. Even though my sister and I were good kids, we did get spanked a lot during our preteen years. During spankings, the only thing remember is the amount of rage in my dad. My sister once asked for my dad's help in writing a cursive J. After many attempts with my dad, she laughed about not being able to write a cursive _PERSON_. My dad went into a fit of rage. He began to demand that she write a cursive J, or he would spank her. My sister became frightened and still could not write a cursive J. Each attempt she was unsuccessful, each time my dad spanked her. This probably happened about 10 times in a 15 min
ute period. I would say she was spanked a total of 100 times with a belt until she finally successfully wrote a cursive J. I witnessed this, and I don't think I ever asked my dad for help with anything because of this. In 8th grade I was constantly sick with respiratory infections. Self diagnosis due to no doctor: it started off as a flu, turned into pneumonia, then to bronchitis. Dad never noticed I was sick for 6 months, so I never went to a doctor. In the middle of one night I was having a coughing attack. It lasted for a very long time. Dad yelled(loud and angry) from his bedroom that I better stop coughing or he would come into my room and give me a beating. Dad rarely talked to us. He gave us no attention, affection, social skills, or life skills. I think dad had social anxiety due to having one eye. Dad did not go to my high school graduation. Dad did not go to my Marine Corps graduation. Dad never visited me in South _USER_ID_. He never visited me in Wichita. Dad was basically unemployed my entire chi
ldhood. We grew up in poverty. I felt my sister and I were basically maids/servants. We did 90% of the cleaning and cooking. Dad obviously had time do more of the chores because he was always unemployed. But he chose not to do more. I never went to a dentist as a child. He had his first heart attack at 45. Dad died in 2001 from a second heart attack at age 50. Overall dad was very controlling. I was never relaxed living with him. I felt intimidated and fearful of him growing up. I think this constant childhood fear and intimidation has caused me to have dreams where 90% of the dreams are of my dad trying to kill me, even after his death. Childhood(Mom Abandonment and Neglect) Mom chose not to have custody of my sister and I. Proven by court documents. She was allowed custody of us two weekends a month. Mom took drugs early in our childhood. She remarried a couple of years after the divorce. She chose not to take custody of us after going to child protective services about my sister being slapped. One night wh
en I was around 12 years old, my stepdad went into a drunken rage. He threaten to chop off the hands of my sister and I with a two foot machete. He actually raised the machete over our heads. I truly thought in that moment that I was going to be killed by my stepdad. After this traumatic event, Mom continued to stay with him. I was always fearful and intimidated by my stepdad throughout the rest of my childhood because of this. _PERSON_ wanted to leave Texas, probably because he did not like having to spend two weekends a month with my sister and I. My step dad and mom moved to Oklahoma. This situation caused us to spend less time with mom. She went to my high school graduation. She did not go to my Marine Corps graduation. Mom basically stayed unemployed for our entire childhood, thus she only paid a minimum amount of $100 a month in child support. That was another reason why we lived in poverty. She also did not offer to take us to a doctor or dentist when needed. She did not visit me in South _USER_ID_ or 
Wichita. She did visit me in San _NAME_. She did not visit me in Wichita when I moved there a second time. When I was depressed and having suicidal thoughts 10 years ago, she laughed at me. She did not come to visit me when I needed her the most. Mom never gave me any social skills, life skills, attention, or affection. Other family members Dad's side of family- Multiple people were alcoholics. Dad, in general, did not abuse alcohol. He did have two DUIs while I was growing up. Mom's side of family- All were involved with drugs or went to jail. Some went to jail multiple times. _PERSON_ abused alcohol during our younger years. He became sober after moving to Oklahoma. Sister We fought a lot. We were never really that close. She ran away from high school at 15 because dad was too controlling. She was more rebellious. When she asked me for help, I would help her. When I asked her for help, it was like the world's biggest burden. She did come to my high school graduation. She did not come to my Marine Corps grad
uation. She did not visit me in Wichita. She did not visit me in San _NAME_. She did not visit me in Wichita when I moved there a second time. When I was depressed and having suicidal thoughts 10 years ago, she did not visit me and equated helping me to “spoon feeding” me. Dating I never dated in high school First time I had sex was 23. I never dated in the Marines(one reason why I left). But I did have a couple of experiences that affected me. Once in Australia, I met a woman through an Australian friend at a bar. We hit it off and ended up making out. She said she wanted to see me the next night. We met again at a bar the next night. I brought a married friend from the Marines with me. She started to talk to him, and ditched me for him while I was standing there. She continued to see him every day for the next two weeks until we left Australia. Another experience I had was with a woman in the Navy in South _USER_ID_. We were friends, and she once told me I was the nicest man she has ever known. I took t
his as a sign that she liked me, so I asked her to dinner. After dinner, we went to a club where some of my friends were there. She asked me to tell one of my friends to go dance with her. My mouth dropped wide open, as I started to feel she was ditching me. She saw this, and put her hand on my arm. She said ""I'm sorry... but... you know...."" and smiled at me. So she and my other friend hung out for the rest of the night. Even though I knew I was young, I was slowly starting to get a sense of dread that I would have a very difficult time of ever finding a girlfriend. The narrative that maybe I am ""too nice"" was starting to form. My first dating experience was when I was 24 in Wichita. I was catfished by a woman/man living in San _NAME_. It was extremely traumatizing and shocking that someone could be that manipulative. It confirmed the feeling.. the same sense of dread that I may never find a girlfriend. I tried to get counseling from that experience, but no psychologist/therapist responded to me. At age 
25, I met a woman named _NAME_. I helped her through a tough/abusive divorce, her attempted suicide, and to get her life in order. We were dating but not in an exclusive relationship. A week after my dad died, she decided she did not want to date me anymore. I was devastated by the timing of it. This started to shape the narrative that women don't have empathy, and continued to confirm the sense of dread that I may never find a girlfriend. The narrative if I don't start having more positive experiences from women, will only make it more difficult to find a girlfriend. At age 26, I started online dating. I was actually starting to meet more women. But I was having bad experiences with women standing me up. I was also starting to hear every cliché excuse of why the woman didn't feel like we were a good match after meeting them. Very few times things led to a sexual encounter. After my sexual dysfunction was exposed I would not hear from the women again. This started the narrative of how I can ever have a girlf
riend with this sexual dysfunction. I once met a woman who told me to meet her at a bar downtown. I went to that bar, but she was not there. I did not have a cell phone, so I had to walk to a pay phone to call her. She said her friends wanted to go to a different bar, and she had no way of contacting me. She said to meet her there. I walked to the second bar, and I could not find her there. I walked to a pay phone to call her. She said her friends were being crazy and were bar hopping. They walked to a third bar. She said to meet her there. So I went to the third bar, and she was not there. I walked to a pay phone and called her. She apologized and seemed genuine, and that she was having a hard time controlling her friends. She said she was at a fourth bar and promised to wait for me even if her friends left for another bar. I walked to the fourth bar and I could not find her. This started the narrative that I let women walk over me, mainly because I don't have other options when it comes to dating a differen
t woman. I once met a woman for dinner from an online personal. She wanted to go have a beer at a bar afterwards. We went to a bar, and she started to talk to a male friend that she knew. The conversation lasted for a while, and I was left out of the conversation. She eventually went dancing with him. After an hour of her not talking to me and dancing with the other guy, I realized I had been ditched again. The narrative of ""how I am being ditched when I am physically in their presence?"" starts. Which leads to lack of empathy from women again. I move to San _NAME_ when I was almost 28. I hoped that a new fresh start could help reset my dating life. I was meeting more women through online personals, probably due to living in a bigger city. But I was having similar experiences with women standing me up, cancelling plans at the last second, cliché excuses of not dating me anymore, bad sexual performances, and not following through with anything that they say. After two years of unsuccessful dating in San _NAM
E_, I decided to go to the Philippines to meet someone for a possible relationship. I met a woman and we had a great time. I felt like it was a success that I had gone there. I couldn't wait to come back and see her again. As I was getting out of the shower and packing my bags to leave to go to the airport, the woman I was seeing was in my bed. She had a phone to her head with a pillow over her head while she was talking. She was also under the covers. I continued to get ready. She stopped talking, but still had the phone to her head. Then she started moaning, and I noticed that it looked like she was masturbating under the covers. She was having phone sex with another man on the phone after we had a great two weeks together, while I was standing in the same room. I couldn't believe she would do something like that in my presence, when I was only an hour away from going to the airport. I felt ditched and abandoned again. I moved back to Wichita a second time for work related reasons. I tried to continue onlin
e dating but I slowly started to receive less responses and I was meeting very few women. I got to a point where no women were responding to me and I felt like online dating was a big waste of time. I started to travel to other countries. I traveled to Peru, Colombian, and Panama because I have been more attracted to Latin women. I met some women in these countries but nothing that turned serious. Some just wanted money, some chose other men, some tried to pretend they were single when they actually had a boyfriend, some made excuses not to see me after I had traveled to their country to meet her, some met me once but then no more. I started sending money to women to meet me if they lived far away or to help them study English. They ended up taking the money, not meeting me, or never started to study English. _PERSON_, a Colombian friend that had moved to USA, wanted to leave her boyfriend. She was the only Colombian woman that took good care of me in her home country. So I wanted to reciprocate and take care 
of her in USA. I told _PERSON_ I could pay her plane tickets so that she could return to her mom. We also agreed we would spend some time in Wichita together. _PERSON_ and I had a great time in Wichita. We also had sex a few times. The last night before she was to fly to her mom, _PERSON_ was laying on my chest watching TV. She kept picking up her phone to send text messages and was doing it in front of my face. I was trying to respect her privacy by looking over her phone to see the TV. But she kept bringing the phone up to my face so I thought she was wanting me to see what she was doing. I started to read, and realize she was sending sexual text messages to the ""ex boyfriend"" she had told me she wanted to leave. I felt ditched and abandoned again. The narratives of ""why women are doing this to me while I am in their presence?"" begin on a constant loop. The narrative ""do women feel empathy towards men?"" begin on a constant loop. I moved to Orlando and continued with online dating here. But no women we
re responding to me, and I was unable to meet anyone due to a lack of responses. I started to travel less to other countries to meet women, as I really wasn't having any long term success with it. A couple of years ago, I was on a date with a woman in Orlando. I felt like it was the best date I had been on in years. It was the first time I felt really engaged in conversation. She wanted to go dancing. I took her to a club. When we got there she asked if she could invite some of her friends. I of course said ""Sure."" But I felt anxiety creeping in, from my past experiences. Was this going to be another ditch? When her friends got there, I noticed she was gravitating more towards another guy. Later she told him that ""you are so hot, you better have a lot of condoms!!"" I was standing right there in front of them, devastated that the nightmare had been repeated again. She goes off and starts dancing with him and kissing him. I got ditched again. The narrative loops continues. I think I am internalizing 1000s o
f unresponded emails as rejections over the last 20 years of online dating. I feel I have wasted hundreds and thousands of hours of my life being stuck in a loop when it comes to online dating. I have tried almost all dating websites and apps. With 99% of my dating experiences being in the form of some sort of rejection, I feel women are being extremely picky. Friends tell me that I am kind, attentive, take care of myself, hard working, good friend, accountable, organized, responsible, loyal, honest, great listener, doesn't give up, likes traveling, thoughtful. I would also say that I am health conscience and impartial. I know I have faults, but with all of these great qualities, should I be having this much trouble with dating? I feel women are being extremely picky and not accepting of my faults. Do I have to be near perfect to get the attention of a woman that I desire? The Mental Health Care Loop I understand the racing thoughts are caused my trauma and narrative loops. But how do I stop the narrative loo
p? My family doesn't want to help me, listen to me, or try to understand me. My friends don't want to help me, listen to me, or try to understand me. I feel family and friends would rather tear me down more than help build me back up. Every time I try to ask for help or try to get someone to understand me and fail, the narrative loop feeds on itself. No one is going to help me, no one wants to understand me. I have tried to help myself for many years, but I have been unsuccessful. I have tried different meditation and mindfulness practices with no improvement. Each session representing a failure. I have read many self improvement books such as The Dating Playbook for Men, Awaken the Giant Within, The Mystery Method, No More Mr. Nice Guy, The Art of Seduction, Attached, The Science of Mindfulness, Take Control of Your Life, Rejection Proof, Emotional First Aid, Rejection Reset, Conversation Casanova, The Man's Guide to Women, Unfu*k Yourself, The Power of Now, Mindset. Nothing changes with each book read. One 
reason is that my mind is constantly racing, that my mind has no energy left to retain anything that I read. I could read one of those books, and in one week I would not remember anything from that book. Every book I read, nothing changes, another failure, the narrative loop continues. I am running out of options. I have turned to my doctor, psychologist (tried CBT and EMDR), and a hypnotherapist. They have been unsuccessful. I have also noticed a general lack of urgency from any of these medical professionals. This would also include one Mindful Behavioral clinic waiting one week after a doctor sent the referral to contact me. Then being told by that clinic that I have to wait almost 2 months to see a psychiatrist. I waited the two months, only to talk with a counselor... not a psychiatrist. He told me I would have to wait one more month to see a psychiatrist. So it was almost a 14 week wait from the PCP referral to finally seeing a psychiatrist. This confirms the building narrative that there is a lack of u
rgency in the mental healthcare system. I have tried medications such as Sertraline, Wellbutrin, Effexor, Xanax, Viibryd, and Lorazepam(Ativan). These have had very little to no effect on me. The general lack of urgency, the lack of responses from some mental health care centers, and above failures feeds the narrative that I am not going to get well or be happy for a very long time. If there is one thing that I don't need, is another negative narrative loop that the mental health care system is creating. I believe there is a limit to the amount of rejection and failures that a man can endure without any support system, affection, help, and love. I feel I am reaching my limit."
174323880,"I wish there were better developed meds for this. But it seems like most of the research is geared towards preventing psychosis rather than catering to our group where the most damage is done. I heard clozapine could help but my psychiatrist was very wary about it and said it was dangerous. I scoff at the “Early Intervention of Psychosis” centers. If they really wanted to reduce the time it takes to get treatment, they should publicize early treatment for psychosis more. I only got to hear about them once I got IN the mental hospital. If no one knows about early treatment in better ways, how can they be informed enough to catch it early?"
175876945,"It depends on the individual and diagnosis. If its only psychosis maybe you can stop meds. I have SZ and my psy accepted I stop meds 3 times. I was delusional, paranoid and hallucinating for a whole year before I tried to kill myself and end up in the emergency then mental hospital."
175876946,https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/1490755/ 300 mg Vitamin E a day for 8 weeks reduced the study groups’ prolactin levels by over 60%.
175876947,"Did you take any drugs? Especially alcohol or benzodiazepines. It could be a dissociative disorder, ie. multiple personality. I have that myself. -_NAME_."
175876948,I updated my ABOUT page on my blog after a year of not touching it
175876949,Sometimes when I get a certain question stuck in my head I post it on different websites I go on. That way I am not spamming one website with the same question. Nobody hates you
175876950,"Perfect! I love them, thank you."
175876951,I wish there was a redo button while knowing what I did wrong
175876952,going to see the nurse today at the Behavioral center will update later how I am feeling
175876953,Do you mean by human conflict?
175876954,"My stupid stitches are so itchy and I don't get them out until Monday. I keep them covered with gauze and then only tape the top and the bottom so that air can still circulate. That's what they did at the psych hospital. In the morning and at night I put lotion on them, but they are driving me crazy. I keep trying to scratch them through the gauze. It's such a terrible itchy feeling. I hate it."
175876955,"If this is my AP starting to stop working properly, then I am screwed. I am on 800mg of Amisulpride, which is the max dose that’s considered effective Have been on most of the available medications, and I know they’ll just try and put me on Clozapine again, and that is a no from me"
175876956,"Consider Amyloban 3399 if you feel like you’ve exhausted other options. It helped to quiet my voices 99%, as well as a handful of other people’s."
175876957,"They probably could make a cure, but if they just treat symptoms they have lifelong customers of expensive meds."
175876958,Note: Garbanzo beans mixed with mustard powder… aka hummus.
175876959,i applied again like 1 month ago i thinki should hear back from them in another month i applied for ssi. hopefully i get it i really need it .
175876960,"You cant really treat sz that way, you need meds. If it was possible no one would use meds."
175876961,Meds cost alot of money and they dont work for everyone. Not really that many show improvement in all things with meds alone. I know I didnt. Whatever happened to alternatives?
175876962,Are you speaking from experience?
175876963,Not _PERSON_…never did bro
175876965,"Congratulations! It’s ok to need disability. That’s what it’s there for. Plus, you paid your share into SSDI while you were working. No shame in that"
175876966,I need to play games or something I'm gonna find games on my phone. I don't feel like playing xbox/ps4 _USER_ID_: I'll go on Steam
174323877,welcome to the forum !! a Physics professor !! how noble !! good for you…sorry your family is like that.
175876967,"Every time i think I have a vice grip on life, my life slips like Feet on black ice like a knife slicing My umbilical cord a new chord There is another mountainous face In it’s place Impatient it stares and awaits me to try With new thoughts and feelings and Eyes That I do not understand and the Feeling that I am running out of time for Different phases of crowfoot eyes or Dilated pupil elation or grasping dark clouds that consume or condemn me Before spitting me back into churning Black seas and blackbirds stirred into teas that sing and lull me to sleep when I cannot find the strength to cry pulling shower curtains around me for shallow grave comfort a conduit or concert for corpses surrounded by feathers and flasks and favours we ask Running on fumes from the gas stove That I asked you to light and Different stages on which to Drunkenly fall ???? or fight from groped Bruised and broken To basking in sunlight applause with perfect pause or praise Bittersweet broken teeth spit words wet with suc
h ???? that I spoke and I Hope no one heard packed a suitcase incase I was not myself a Nuisance or self indulgent in sadness i cover with maybelline and madness peeled plaster cast under nails that I chew on while waiting for planned dinner disaster or ovation in which I can seamlessly uncrease or cease to Assist or exist in for sick stolen seconds that I carved out of leftover bones while I starved all night unable to find guilty Stars to swallow me whole but I Did the dishes Mopped the floor damp for you Darling I’ll be bitter about it Tomorrow"
175876968,Yeah you are quite right. I would never go thru with it. Hate always eats you up - and damages you more than the person you wanna inflict it on.
175876969,We had spaghetti squash and turkey meat for an early dinner. I’m hungry again now but my parents aren’t. Looks like I’ll be having cereal or something when we get home from our trip
175876970,"I can see how court would be scary and probably stressful. It’s a lot of people to deal with and it’s also a part of your future that’s being decided. I dont think they’ll take you away. I believe this court is to determine guardianship. Not to take you away. Do your best to cope, if they see that you are coping with the anxiety surrounding court then maybe they’ll see you as more competent. I’m not sure how all that works but it’s always good to do your best to stay calm and cope. It might sound silly but every time you have a paranoid thought tell yourself “no, it’s not true, everything is okay.” Or something along the lines of that. You dont have to believe the phrase right now, you dont have to believe it tomorrow. But in my experience eventually you might start believing that that phrase and it will begin to replace the bad thoughts. Maybe it wont replace them but it at least gives you a different thought to focus on. When it works it almost acts as a thought replacement. I
n that you are replacing and changing your own thoughts. It’s something that I’ve used and done a lot."
175876971,Help others who’re still on that journey. It’s peer support
175876972,yeah i’m gonna show them to her lol
175876973,You can’t Be a materialist and believe solipsism because solipsism denies materialism.
175876974,So yours never went away?
175876975,The link is to spam wtf?
175876976,"Guys, everything seems fake. The sun is artificial light. Made in the studios. The weather conditions made in studio too."
175876977,Am I deceitful?
174323879,"Zonulin is from gluten and gliadin, by the way. Pokes holes in your intestinal lining and blood brain barrier."
175876978,"Hi NToaC and welcome! Yes, blue lights can cause overstimulation, close to how some anxiety sufferers are challenged with fluorescent lighting. A filter or _NAME_ Screen can help...so I am glad to read that you have the filter option. I also hope that the other change (Hz rate) is beneficial as well. Post with us anytime for anxiety support! Scaredy Cat"
175876979,Sometimes Ts don’t realize how sick we are without meds....
175876980,_AT_MENTION_ I have the same problems you do. I tend to have problems sleeping at night sometimes and then sometimes I have to sleep during the day. I regularly take four different sleep meds. They don’t always work. My insomnia issues make it impossible for me to work a paid job at all.
175876981,A doctor whom I trust told me to avoid any supplement that is not yet approved by the FDA. The Omega 3 I take is pharmaceutical grade.
175876982,Yeah haldol was activating for me. I got really amped up. My pdoc said that can happen with haldol
175876983,What if you don’t mind the clairvoyant happenings And you harness this gift and practice spirituality and learn to love all clairvoyant happenings I wonder if less resistance creates a sort of harmony with them . Also Im just curious if someone who harnesses the clairvoyant happenings has something different than someone being victimized by them
174323867,"Maybe more ontopic (?) in regards to mental illness / welfare money... an aquaintance of an aquaintance is in early retirement in his 30s because of schizophrenia. I'm not even sure heÄs diagnosed he primarily has problems with paranoia and ideas of reference and is on a shitload of pills that barely work. Here in Germany I assume thats social security limit, so existential minimum money wise. I'm on that, too tho for ages, it depends what you want [and probably how much your illness robs you of normal human desires heh] if thats ok for you or not."
175876984,"I honestly don’t stretch my intelligence much these days, so I’d probably score very badly. Unfortunately I discovered that using my brain in the higher gears in a full time job just does not suit me anymore. To much stuff to process and too many broken parts that just make me stressed/anxious/paranoid/delusional/depressed - then eventually psychotic"
175876985,I think its quite true… For me personally though.
175876986,I am so sorry for your loss.
175876987,I am convinced that my small new trickle of book sales because of me promoting the book on my facebook page is going to get a lot bigger…I know right now that this is false but it is so exciting that the book is getting more attention and it is just blowing up my mind…
175876988,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175876989,"that sucks, things will get better in the future, there’s always light at the end of tunnel."
175876990,The Ativan didn't help. I still have akathisia and RLS really badly.
175876991,I’m glad he can visit you often
175876992,I wish I had a collection of sunglasses…
175876993,"I used to get somewhat similar symptoms but it wasn't from anxiety and I wasn't having any serious issues. I would be asleep for a few hours. Then I would wake up, scared to death. I tried to figure out why I was so scared. I thought I was having nightmares but there were none and no dreams even. I asked my husband about it and he said that during those times, I'd stop breathing. Well!! That was a good reason for waking up scared to death. Why didn't he tell me??? He said, ""Don't worry Sweety, I'd wake you up, if you didn't start breathing again on your own."" Anyways, we were both smokers(ya, we know), so we decided to stop smoking 15 years ago, come this Dec. because of other reasons. Turns out, that was the reason that I was waking up sometimes, scared at night. After we quit, I never had that problem again."
175876994,Why wouldn’t it be “valid”? I think I know what you’re getting at but someone ate my brain.
175876995,Hope he enjoyed himself. I like Galway.
175876996,what kinda pain?
175876997,"You seem manic in your writing, this is why people are concerned. Your OCD also seems to be a problem, you are obsessed with patterns, infections and religious beliefs, I think there is a clear link to your sz here also. I think the meds may not be enough right now, you should see your pdoc about getting them adjusted"
175876998,"I like to remind people that 1/4 people have a mental problem each year. In the UK 1% has Sz and that equates to 650,000 people… If we were all susceptible to mass killings, it would be much more common. Problem is that these people are trying to explain extreme behaviour, and they cannot concive with their christian values that someone without a mental illness could do something so bad. They assume they must be defective, when actually, they’re just bad people."
175876999,peace of mind wins
175877000,_AT_MENTION_ I’d probably go to the hospital and tell someone and get locked up for a bit if I had those kind of thoughts
175877001,"Showers trigger voices for me, this shower head I have here doesn’t do it as much, but now I’m used to baths. I usually take a bath every other day but sometimes put it off for a 3rd or rarely a 4th day. I know I must smell and it makes me self conscious but sometimes I just can’t work up the give a sh*t. You know what I mean. It just seems to hard to go through all that. I have baby wipes to freshen up for in between baths that helps me feel more confident and fresher."
175877002,Hows day 2 going for you
175877003,"There is a difference between to treatment procedures 1- Treatment the symptoms without a definite knowledge of the identity of the final cause responsible for creating an imbalance in the mental chemistry. The way to restore chemical equilibrium without affecting the pathogen or inhibiting its functional characteristics that create the imbalance state periodically 2-The medication attack the final cause in its own right,or direct inhibition for its functional activities"
175877004,"No they don,t. But they can help with sleep. Depending on severity of cond,"
175877005,Yeah I had an echo which hurt for these reasons
174323891,Best of luck to you on your endeavors _AT_MENTION_! I hope it works
175877006,"I dont know why my videos got flag. Im just trying to help? I really dont understand, can someone explain."
175877007,You might be hallucinating.
175877008,I hope you feel better. I do my best not to go to ER because with prior experience they admit you to the psych ward.
175877009,"thats true, maybe i should not be either. anyways being afraid of a red face will probably only make it redder lol."
175877010,I can’t handle working. I tried and only lasted 4 days
174323887,this was 6 months ago. You have a habit of reopening zombie threads. Please stick to current ones or make your own topic.
175877011,It might have been their laundry day Aye Take care.
175877012,Because it is scary to be regarded to highly by others. Don’t put me on a pedestal. I’ll just fall off.
174323894,I am sorry this has happened to you _AT_MENTION_
175877013,Wow that’s scary....I use gevalia it’s kind of expensive but very nice but I usually limit my coffee to weekends due to anxiety
175877014,I use to boil and drink rainwater because I thought the tap water and bottled drinks were poison.
175877015,Rain is an unfortunate distraction.
175877016,"The last time I was in the hospital there was this gal who’s boyfriend had just died and she was a mess. She was diagnosed with borderline. I think she might have been bipolar too. Anyway she lives in this town I moved to. She was at the pdocs office. She recognized me but couldn’t place me. So I reminded her. When I moved here I thought how funny it would be if I ever ran into her, and it happened. We exchanged numbers. She’s actually quite charming, as most borderlines are. I wonder when she’ll remember what happened between us at the hospital and if it will be just water under the bridge to her. She was sexually active with a way younger patient and confided in me but I told staff because I thought it was vastly inappropriate. It turned out that the younger patient was a sexual offender and staff treated it kind of like an assault. This poor woman basically was in no mental state to consent and didn’t even see that she was being abused. She figured out it was me that got her found out 
but didn’t really confront me. The two of them were not allowed to be around one another anymore."
175877017,That is too bad. Try to be gentle with yourself.
175877018,I knew it was 20…only joking
175877019,"I’ve had my first vaccination, having second one in May. Hopefully both countries will be out of lockdown for June and I can go then. I’m from Nottinghamshire. Crete is lovely. Been twice before. I like South Crete best near Elounda ."
174323893,Did you try rexulti or lumateperone? Rexulti is like abilify but a newer medicine while lumateperone works on negative symptoms a bit
175877020,I’m not very social. I’m always thinking about things but I have a hard time talking.
175877021,"Why do you say that, I see hardly any information on it but I do for weed and psychosis?"
174323892,"northwales – 11 Sep 18 Sleeping naked can 'help boost your sex life' and 'aid weight loss' According to new research, sleeping in the nude can bring a number of other health benefits Improves male fertility Testosterone hormone is secreted at night and rises in certain stages of sleep. If a man feels too hot and his sleep is disturbed as a result, his testosterone production may be reduced. Sleeping naked helps to promote a healthier sleep pattern, so normal testosterone production occurs."
175877022,"Thanks Desoxyn, I really appreciate this Yeah, things always eventually change. 99% of the time I think life is a wonderful gift and I love it"
175877023,"I have pressure in the brain, my brain doesn’t fit my skull. I have voices shouting “die die” and this annoying running commentary “he’s walking, he’s smoking, he’s eating now”. I should call my pdoc but it’s lunch time here. I wouldn’t want to disturb him"
175877024,Had oatmeal w/ almond milk for breakfast. Now drinking decaf coffee
174323898,Yes I still have positive symptoms with olanzapine I only hear voices in the evening time about 3 to 4 times a week
175877025,I am happier on meds than off meds. On Abilify I even had less negative symptoms than off meds.
175877026,Sorry I always forget who the moderators are Could you change it to FatMama please?
175877027,Sweet. I had a wonderful childhood. Adulthood has been hard but it’s working out.
175877028,I look forever tired
175877029,Chicken sandwich with pickles.....
175877030,are you able to rationalize or ground yourself that even though its popping up you can just let it go? intrusive stuff like that can be disturbing and stressful.
175877031,I have the same feeling like I’ve been doxxed by perps seeking blackmail or revenge.
175877032,"_AT_MENTION_ knock it off. This thread is about supporting chordy, not your religious beliefs."
175877033,"I like them a lot! You are not chained down, impressive!"
175877034,"OMG... you are dealing with a lot. I know what it is like to wish for heaven. Sometime life feels like purgatory. But, in the end, heaven is not the answer. At least that is what they say. This isolation is very hard to deal with. I am struggling to deal with it. The only thing that is keeping me sane is going for walks. Getting outside the house (but still doing social distancing) is what is keeping me alive. Sitting at home all day, all I can do is think about horrible things, feel horrible feelings, and wish for it to end. But, then I go outside and walk on a trail.. I feel better. Try to get out. Try to get some exercise and have a conversation with someone from a safe distance. We are not lone animals, we need social interaction. Good luck,"
174323895,I only know forum.schizophrenia.com
175877035,all my teachers when I was young would write “daydreams a lot in class”…
175877036,"Yeah, I hear you. I have trouble communicating with others about their mental problems (with people on here being the exception because… I guess it’s just easier to talk about such things through text as opposed to face-to-face?) because a) I don’t want to say something to make their problems worse and b) I don’t want my problems to be made worse because I can’t kid myself that I’m not still dealing with a lot of stuff myself. It sucks because I don’t like seeing people suffering. I feel helpless most of the time."
175877037,Wow! Now that’s something!
175877038,"Thanks, man! You’re always a friendly cat!"
175877039,"My desk, and where I decided to put my books. And my books. Didnt want to originally, but the extra space, we will put a snack bar there, in the game room."
175877040,That is a good idea. I will get a taxi
175877041,"you are important, and some deaths have brought millions to the funeral. Hope you’re not dwelling on death. Long life to you."
175877042,If I ever have a house I will build one for me with a roof on it so I can smoke outside in the dry!
174323900,"I would rather have negative symptoms than the positive or cognitive. As it currently stands i have some cognitive issues and negative issues. I hate the cognitive issues, makes me feel like i’m really stupid. As for the negative, i’ve suffered from Major Depression on and off for years. I’m used to the symptoms associated with it."
175877043,I can’t believe you’re still sick from that.....sucks dude......
175877044,image800×991 356 KB
175877045,"IQ normally changes as you grow up, and you might not have done your best when you were tested when you were 5."
175877046,They say APs will show signs of working within a few days. ADs usually take 4-6 weeks to show any sign of improvement. Benzos (anxiety meds) work right away (20-60 minutes).
175877047,No I think my doctor is bright but I think that my symptoms are confusing her. I guess sometimes there is a fine line.
175877048,"Having these symptoms can be tough. What really helps me is knowing I have a strong will. I know I always am able to do what I want even when symptoms are really bad. I know it can be scary and really bad sometimes but I try to focus on what I really want to do. Plus I am basically a renegade so I’m always trying to act in spite of the way I feel or think others want me to feel (in this case, others is delusions and hallucinations)."
175877049,"He asks you every 5 minutes, “You like me don’t you?”"
175877050,Have you try a sexual abuse counseling. They deal with depression but also sexual abuse. It really helped me and it has help my relationship with my husband. You don’t have to go the workshop like thing. I just did the one on one meetings. I hope things get better.
175877051,So the universities know this technology is real? I know people here are going to say it’s not real. But have you been threatened to be taken away?
175877052,Haha! They’d definitely never remove the big red “schizophrenia” from my chart if I did that!
175877053,"Good one Mr. Hope. All the things I love. I would play guitar till my fingers bled, phone everyone that I know and tell them that I love them one last time, and then clench my teeth and get ready for the ride"
175877054,"I'm gonna have to buy a memory card for my Switch soon, I don't have one yet and I have so many games I want to get so I'm definitely going to need one since it doesn't have much memory to begin with, will try to get a 400gb one"
175877055,Hey _AT_MENTION_ just back home now - mission accomplished!
175877056,I believe _PERSON_ was a mod. Very lenient. Old days. Yeah.
175877057,I think in a natural sense we were created good as well. It is what dwells within that causes evil and how great and how powerful that evil is.
175877058,_AT_MENTION_. Okay! Just don’t forget… I’d love to see your turtle… Do you know what size you’d want?
175877059,Just make sure you’re getting enough protein and stuff! Are you doing macros or just calorie counting?
175877060,It’s horrible glad you got some relief now It happens to me regularly
175877061,"Thanks Leaf, I’ll keep u guys updated."
175877062,"All we have here is County Mental Health, but they do good. Hopefully your place will stay open and you won’t have to worry about it."
175877063,0.5 mg twice a day 15
174323901,"No, I’ve always needed pretty high doses of meds to get the positive symptoms under control."
175877064,"Exactly, a primary moodstabilizer like lithium, lamictal, Depakote, or Trileptal will prevent bipolar symptoms even if you're on an ssro or snir."
175877065,I think you may need something then. Hopefully your pdoc will give you something to calm your mind
175877066,They say that guts are the second brain.
175877067,Thanks Moonbeam.
175877068,Today was my day off. Woke up late but well rested. My bowl movements are back to normal and I had 2 bowl movements today. No straining or bleeding. Took a cold shower. Went to Barnes and Noble and read for a couple of hours until it closed. Went to Trader _NAME_’s and bought a piece of a cake that I ate. Came home did laundry and ate a little bit. Have been chatting with this girl so well see where it goes. Took a nap. Woke up and went for a walk around the block. Made some tea and read some more. Now I’m gonna do some writing and go to sleep.
175877069,I want to get out as soon as possible I’m going to agree to the injections etc but other tips?
175877070,"I think I can hide it pretty well but, something always happens to where my abnormality comes to light eventually."
175877071,Oh My Goodness Gracious!. Inspection!. I Bet The Managers Were Nervous. Always Funny to See. When The Suits Walk in And Everyone Shakes.
174323899,"abilify wouldnt help me sleep (shoutout to insomnia), it didn’t cause weight gain in me but it did cause hand tremors so i had to stop taking it"
175877072,"same for me , my sense of smell come back /just enlarged when i took my ap"
175877073,"I wouldn’t compare myself to actors, at least not when they are in a role. They are acting out a part which usually involves them beeing a strong hero or lead figure, or a strong villain. However you will also see in some movies that actors are required to act vulnerable, diminished, or weighed down by issues. This is maybe more true to real life for the most of us."
175877074,"My advice is try to find something that makes you happy. Last few weeks have been hell for me but I’m feeling alright now jut listening to good music and chatting on the forum. It’s the little things that get you by sometimes. Glad you’re gonna see your doctors. Whatever you voices may say dot be afraid of your doc. I was hesitant to go to the hospital today, but I did and I’m so happy cause I gotta my prescription and will get meds in a few hours of all goes well. Best of luck to!"
175877075,I meant the delusions
175877076,Can you find a pharmacy that will mail you the meds _AT_MENTION_? You know like a mail order pharmacy maybe.
175877077,"Yeah I agree mate, do your hardest to cope and accept and move far away from it."
175877078,Wishing you all the best
175877079,How am I going to sit with you when I’m on a different continent?!?
175877080,Bathing stimulates oxytocin so I decided to try wear winter clothing
175877081,"iwhen i admitted to it, i feel felt free, i think i did because i that."
175877082,haloperidol injection monthly and triflouperazine oral daily
175877083,"Admittedly what i eat isn’t the best. It isn’t exactly what you’d call junk food, but it isn’t healthy either. It is that unclear, middle ground. I did make some spaghetti bolognese on Saturday just gone, and my partner was thrilled. It was the first time i’d cooked a meal in years."
175877084,"I used to let people step on me. I had a very altruistic view where I was kind to people and let all their negative social actions go unanswered. People would put me down even though I gave them no reason to. It got worse after I had my first episode and started anti-psychotics. My mind was clouded and I was not in a state to defend myself socially. If someone got wise with me I had no response. But a few years ago I just had enough, and now I let it shine through that I am hostile if I’m dealing with people who have hurt me in the past and have not apologised for it. Part of the story is that I was also able to get to a lower dose of ap’s and able to see the world with more clarity."
175877085,I don’t work so I have nothing else to do lol
174323903,"Well…I don’t know the definition of erectile dysfunction completely. I mean I can get it to work, but it usually takes nudity or close contact or whatever to get a reaction which is pretty subnormal I imagine. It’s hard to get off the bat with someone if you are unable to get your libido to work before it comes to that point. And it’s dose dependent too. I’m on a low dose of 5mg now. When I was on 20 my libido was non existent. On 10 it was pretty bad too."
175877086,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ ! I’m glad you are feeling better!
174323906,Another thing you might want to try is Psychosocial rehabilitation
175877087,Good morning Off today.
175877088,looks very natural as well as eye balls
175877089,Anyone who thinks this occurred
175877090,"I think my meds are balancing out, no thanks to the pdoc and nurses, useless buggers (ah! venting online, yum yum yum). But anyway, I am going to try to do my accounting diploma again. I’m doing it for me. I enjoy it and it would be fairly easy to start a business/freelance doing it afterwards (relatively -low startup costs, always need bookkeepers, etc.). Anyways, wish me luck. I’m going to go to the library everyday to study rather than sit at home all lazy on the couch studying (lame!). I also am trying out the ‘dress for success’ theory. Business casual for this guy from now own, or atleast not cargo pants and a sweater with steel toed boots. Nah, nice shoes, no tie ????? ties), but idk, I think it makes a different in how you’re treated. I noticed already my nurse talks to me differently when I show up well dressed. Hope I stick with it…"
174323908,Clozapine is the strongest AP followed by Risperdal. Did you try Risperdal?
174323909,I take vitamin D3 because I have a deficiency
175877091,Hi Folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175877092,"Don’t know if it’s a reputable test, but many people are non-celiac gluten sensitive. Gluten increases gut permeability allowing some nasty stuff to get into the bloodstream. I personally avoid wheat knowing what I’ve learned from Dr. _NAME_ and _PERSON_’s sensitivity/autoimmunity story, and I rarely eat grains or bread anyway."
175877093,"I don’t want to have low responsibilities. I’m on the mend though, so once I solve my major health hangups I’m gonna alpha it up workwise."
175877094,"_PERSON_ I could take the pills, so i keep that in mind but the shot has kept me stable so I’m not sure if the pills (taking them several times a day) will give same bloodlevels like the shot does. But I’ll prob switch to the pills if I can’t get the shot anymore. But it does make me very nervous having to switch again maybe."
174323907,"You deserve to be able to meet your friends and go to the gym again to be honest, life is hard as it is. I say ask the drs about beta blockers for akithisia or any other lead he/she may know of. That way, if you return to abilify or latuda; you could theoretically get back to being some level of activity"
174323904,Resperidone worked really well for me me back in the day… Invega sustenna gave me really bad akathasia though… Abilify is okay It’s my second day today I think it takes about two weeks before I feel the full effects
175877095,7.) If You Can. And You Can. Slow Down. Like The Eagles High in Our Skies. Go Slowly.
175877096,By what do you mean?
175877097,Doctor told me i have social withdrawal and demotivation as core symptoms and sza doesnt always gets welfare where i live
175877098,How close did you get to one? All I know is they have notoriously bad tempers and can kill a lion. You don’t want to mess with one and you don’t want to get too close to one.
175877099,"A rampant,collective psychosis passed off as something meaningful ."
175877100,Just don’t take it on a empty stomach. I was told that but my insurance never covered it so I didn’t get a chance to take it.
175877101,I used to take a multi-vitamin before I was told not to take any OTC vitamins.
175877102,What type of tactile halusitations
175877103,"This is exactly what I’m talking about, You act like a twelve year old. You’re a grown ass man, Grow up."
175877104,A problem like insecurity is the one that comes to mind…
175877105,Found the perfect place for my vision board. The unused wall between the kitchen and living room. I'm so psyched to get more post it notes in!!!
175877106,I just got down to 198
175877107,I’m a near die hard backgammon player. My old therapist and I used to play. Now I found two cool backgammon servers and a group south of me that hosts online backgammon tournaments every Thursday night. Yay!
175877108,In all honesty sometimes after I encounter crappy people on the street I really want to build a bigger mousetrap. Cheese works for mice. A new car will work for people.
175877110,what is not very long? what are you referring to?
175877111,"That sucks, one time the lock shattered because of how cold it was. It took a couple hours of sitting on the steps waiting for the locksmith. It was minus 40 that day, around that temperature anyways. I remember using my backpack to try warm my legs, was only wearing jeans lol Ive been thinking of packing those hand warmers in my pockets when i leave the house. Maybe putting some in my parents cars for them with a blanket, just in case you know? Thats good that you got through it though, some viking stuff?"
175877112,"That’s the problem. That’s what I’ve been told now numerous times. I don’t understand how my ability to function matters. I do what I need to but no one knows (unless there going through it) the tremendous amount of effort it takes to get through a day. To see what Insee and hear what I hear and just push through. To try and be in control as the devils and demons try to force me into a corner and take over every aspect of my life. I don’t understand, I’m troubling to process how it matters. Ive finally started to come to terms with everything and then a trusted family member tells me I’m wrong and sends me into a spiral. Thank God for my husband who convinced me to just try to the medication, tricked is a more appropriate word but he’s there for me. I’m now struggling with what the implications would be if I were misdiagnosed. I’m pretty sure I wasn’t but it all seems like it could be some kind of farce. Something meant to make me into something I’m not and pull me into some 
other sort of state or reality."
175877113,There’s no mania… at all… Which is why I’m feeling confused… Maybe it was my mistake to assume it might have been mania before …
175877114,"Overall they are not so healthy, although prunes can be pretty healthy."
175877115,"Funny story, but my step father says he came from the mayflower. He said that since I was a kid. Probably a subconscious memory, even though its meant to be a joke. My grandmother says she’s like 200 years old. Reminded me of vampires. Just for giggles. My stepfather has royal lineage from British. For me, I think i got some French aristocracy in me. Not sure though. They use people like us…"
175877116,"I never had much hope, because I seemed to lack the ability to speak."
175877117,"Hydrogen water machines you can find on eBay and Amazon. The most affordable safe machine + inhaler is this: amazon.com Amazon.com : H2 USB Sport MAXX Hydrogen Water Generator with Glass Bottle and... $199.99 Alkaline water alone doesn’t have negative ORP (oxidation-reduction potential,) it has to be either electrolyzed or hydrogen-infused. I don’t follow the question about carbohydrates? That’s a macronutrient. The thing about bottled water brands like smart water are that they lose potency after being stored for long enough. Alkaline water drops are OK in their own right. They’re best used in conjuction with a hydrogen water machine, as they don’t have a very low ORP, but do provide useful minerals for your alkaline buffer. Hydrogen pills are very expensive, but they’re good for reducing oxidative stress if you have them. Alkaline water machines in general raise pH too much for my liking, and as a person with arthritis, this is not a good thing as I need my stomach acid to be strong t
o digest food well, so it doesn’t cause as much joint pain. If you don’t have joint problems, and are OK with the hefty price of an alkaline water machine (they range from $500-3000), then go for it, I guess."
175877118,"A chiropractor will have you coming in weekly for the rest of your life if you let him. I’ve found the best thing to do is once your better, stop seeing him. But your 100% right about losing weight. I lost 70 # and I do t have I do t have nearly the problem s that I used to ha e."
175877119,Understood…
175877120,That everyone outwardly tolerates me but secretly finds me annoying.
175877121,"I’ve thought I had telepathy, but I’ve asked people if they said what I heard them say and they say; no."
175877122,"My cats are like that too, as soon as it's changed they jump right in lol"
175877123,Sorry about the migraine. That sucks. I'm glad it went away. Must have been the fruity pebbles!
175877124,"I’m thinking about if everything around me and if what I’m experiencing is real. The only thing that makes me question my perception is that I don’t feel any cameras implanted in me. I don’t see how people could see me, so that makes me reality check and calm down. I wonder if i really have the illness."
175877125,I think it’s okay to talk to positive voices. As long as you’re not screaming at them in public
175877126,Hm. Im thinking. Maybe a pet would help depression. Maybe rats.
174323911,"No, nothing. And injection is better than the pill, cos it gets absorbed more easily and has no side effects."
175877127,"hi thanks for the welcome! how can I send messages to the user if it is possible? As for medicines and all substances in general, have you ever wondered why each of us has so many different positive and side effects?"
174323913,"Patients with schizophrenia and chronotropic incompetence (CI) do not benefit from aerobic exercise interventions as well as patients with schizophrenia who do not have CI, according to a study recently published in Frontiers in Psychiatry. This finding should be considered when performing interventional studies including exercise. https://www.psychiatryadvisor.com/home/schizophrenia-advisor/aerobic-exercise-less-beneficial-for-patients-with-schizophrenia-and-chronotropic-incompetence/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=pa_daily-social-post"
175877128,I live in Little Rock Arkansas. What part of the state are your relatives from?
174323915,I was like that. Until I smoked allot of weed everyday and ended up smoking a different herb called _USER_ID_ divinorium. I was on bad trip in home bed. Then the next day I was experiencing schizophrenia
175877129,"So I did moves 1-40 and watched the video of moves 40-44 just after 10am today which is great. I really need to tidy my room so I have more space. _NAME_ style is quite compact so you can do it in a small space like a bedroom just about, but the mess on my floor has been making it a little awkward. Anyway, I’m back to my regular time for doing it, so all is good. Thank you."
175877130,Sorry if i offend - but to me just sounds plain creepy. Havent you heard about BOUNDARYS when it comes to people that support you?
175877131,"Condolences, _AT_MENTION_. It’s okay to be shocked and emotionless. SZ messes with emotions like that."
175877132,It’s kind of like asking can you drive a car while intoxicated. You know it’s not a good idea and not safe.
175877133,God view point Some types like paranoid scz known to be high functioning and most genious They are a lot of types Aspectrum
175877134,"You and me both!!! _USER_ID_: Except I'm getting better. I usually avoid peoples advice atm.. Need to learn to say ""yes"" to things instead of always ""no"". There needs to be a balance. Many people are uncomfortable with the balance and see uncertainty in it - Thus, going unstable.."
175877135,I don’t know if I’ll make it through the night They’re after me
175877136,That’s fantastic _AT_MENTION_ ! Thanks! You’re so sweet @anon_PHONE_NO_ ! Thanks!
175877137,"oh, no. Everything is fine."
175877138,I wanted to get away but it would have been wiser for me to stay home a few more years to mature. Being from a small town was part of the problem. No much for a teen to do.
175877139,"i watch movies and series, browse the forum and listen to music. And when i’m doing well i make music."
175877140,"Like I stated before. The book, if i ever write it is half comedy, half tragedy. It’s off the rails insanity is what it is. …in my mind…on a Global scale."
174323916,Neither me 1515
175877141,E72A48C6-E139-4152-88FF-2DD036143C9F.jpeg 1536×2048 938 KB 9BC31198-E68E-43C3-94A9-79BCAF32DA94.jpeg 1536×2048 830 KB EDC87EA8-D230-402F-B193-4236ADEF1828.jpeg 1536×2048 901 KB
175877142,"Why do you spend so much effort trying to convince us you’re not ill? If you’re everyone, Why does it matter what we think about you?"
175877143,PubMed The impact of illness identity on recovery from severe mental illness: A test... Finding suggest that the benefits of self-_USER_ID_ reduction may be constrained by insight.
175877144,Happy Birthday!
175877145,"hi, who of you took risperdal or similar from the same family drugs at fifteen-sixteen, is there a someone here or a way to talk about it? and at fifteen and a half at what point were you in puberty? I don’t know maybe the hardness of my sexuality general vigor if now worse because o risperdal, maybe even general libido…"
174323914,I have epilepsy too with partials. When I’m sleep deprived is when i feel worse. Plus it aggravates my schizophrenia too.
174323920,Do they give u feelings about what they say?
174323921,My weight gain on invega has not dropped off much on Aripiprazole(Abilify)
174323917,That's good news!
175877146,Polyxeni is a Greek name
175877147,"Yes exactly! I do this too. And I’m teaching _PERSON_ to do it as well. He can have a pack of Hohos but first he needs to eat a banana, or some strawberries, or broccoli."
175877148,So much is unknown about these disorders. It’s like they are just scratching the surface sometimes.
175877149,if you have permission to use it then dont worry about it
175877150,Oh wow _AT_MENTION_ yeah no top secret quick cooking methods unfortunately …
175877151,Side effects is obvious especially if been taking for very long time. Either ask for different AP or at least convince pdoc to reduce dose. I think a combination of medication and therapy gives better outcome or at least able to remain on lower dose.
175877152,"Thanks, I did it and that helped clarify things."
175877153,Do they test for anemia via a full blood count? Thanks
175877154,"I’m walking 10 000+ steps every day. Try not to eat junk food. Don’t exercise unfortunately. Looking after also means checking up with a doctor in case there is something suspicious. Which I don’t do, no motivation."
175877155,"In order to make causal relationship between any genetic disorder and the hallucinations condition,at first,you must have actual data about the hallucinations that corresponding to its nature,because the genetic disorder supposed to be the explanatory theory to understanding the realities of the hallucinations In this report,the hallucinations is merely a voices be heard by people without real external stimuli -nothing else ! This is not enough to achieve reasonable understanding or correct explain to what is hallucination in itself or find any relationship between anything and hallucination For example: 1-If the person listens to voices,how do you explain the person’s complaint that voices he listens to is able also to read his personal thoughts ,or that is not important to interest ? 2-In fact,the person does not listen to physical voices at all, but there is an ultrasonic wave transmits the thoughts content in two opposite directions,from the hallucination’s emitter to the conscious mind of 
the person,and from the conscious mind of the person to the hallucination 3- The person in the case of bilateral dialogue through exchanging the higher mental information with the thing called hallucination in 2 opposite directions not only in the case of hearing a sound - is this not important to look at ? 4- You cannot listen to the sound material by the ears does not have any audio monitoring devices that capture these sound -does not know how the sound tones seem to the auditory perception whether it’s listening to or being influenced by it How you can search about genetic disorder for things that you cannot sense or diagnosis them by any lab tools ?"
175877156,All children are a burden. It’s why they need to feel loved and accepted. They know there’s nothing they can do about their dependency.
175877157,"Another way to think of it… Over at Walt Disney Land I worked doing things… Not animation , but building things… They showed me that if you take your time you can make concrete look like ground , or a statute that is solid when it is in fact hollow and based outta chicken wire… Just by taking your time and doing detail on what your are slowly working on."
175877158,Idk I’m bit struggling with life and death. Need to overcome some struggles before I can be truly happy.
175877159,I have my spare money in UK premium bonds. I have won £25 twice in a year which beats the 0.35% interest on my bank by country miles
175877160,"_PERSON_ music helps me, I listen to music all day even in the shower."
175877161,Omg I have to work againnn.. It never ends.. I wish they weren't so serious at this Greek restaurant... It's cuz they're Greek.. I suppose they like me idk.. I took the 15mg dex spansule at 8:30am instead of 7am. I can't focus right now but coffee helping a little.
175877162,"She’s going to be telecommuting. She’s telecommuting anyway from the town she lives in now so it won’t be much different. She’ll save a lot of money on rent though and be closer to her family and friends. It will be a few months, but I’m pretty excited. I think she will be a lot happier here. It would be nice to see her happy."
175877163,"Yeah that would be fine. If it ends up being a larger trigger than we thought we have no problem with asking people to TW those topics. But again, if someone forgets, it isn’t then a reason to say “ahh I knew those evil pervy mods don’t care about triggers!” Simply follow the standard protocol for flagging as other and asking us to add a TW."
175877164,I broke the under 200 lb. mark this year…I currently weigh 185.
175877165,"Invega and Vraylar have both raised my prolactin, as well. I’m female. Last time I was checked, it was 81, I think. I’m going to see my primary doctor tomorrow to maybe prescribe me a med to lower it. I’m sorry you had a bad experience with Invega. Invega has been a life saver for me, though. I’m stable and almost completely voice-free. I’m able to read books again and I can focus just enough to watch a TV episode or sometimes a whole movie. I really hope I can take Invega for the rest of my days and that it continues to keep me stable."
175877166,"I’m with you on a lot of this stuff… i thought i had a colourful sex demon who i could sent out to people (they also rejected it a lot) through the yin channels of my feet, mixed up with scenarios and people around me in group sex situations… i rejected the suggestion that i was to be the mother of the second coming of Christ because i knew that I couldn’t even take care of myself. sounds like there is a bit of ongoing stuff here? I hope you can get through this."
175877167,"I was talking to my group therapist about being discriminated against because of mental illness and how much it bothers me. For instance, I have physical health problems, but the drs will only listen to my husband about it, and order tests and treatments based on what he says. My therapist said that maybe I do need someone to speak for me. That made me so mad."
175877168,"Yeah. I still show respect. But 20 years ago, when my in laws were mean and abusive, I didn’t show them a ton of respect. I would defend myself and stand my ground. But I didn’t yell at them or call them names or anything like that"
175877169,"I think they try to keep people from doing things, because they can’t do things."
174323924,"I was severely ill for 33 years and treatment resistant. Then, 4 years ago, my pdoc put me on three AP’s. That changed everything. All my positive symptoms disappeared. My suicidality disappeared too. I was left with negative and cognitive symptoms alone."
175877170,They’re wonderful!
174323925,"I took Phentermine for awhile, it wasn’t all that effective for me but it might work for you. It did reduce my appetite. So if appetite is your issue you could take to your gp about it. It’s worth a try if you can get your gp to prescribe it to you. One of my gps refused to give it to me."
175877171,Don’t throw away your meds. Call someone instead.
175877172,****ing love quantum physics. I got a book all about it and the theories but I haven't gotten around to reading it yet.
175877173,"I was not very empathic, drank a lot and was very lost, immature, and shallow. My former girlfriend and the university, put me on the right track in my late thirties. Im not perfect now, but at least im trying, and try to accept the “former me.”"
175877174,I think I might change my profile name. _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ are pronounced the same.
175877175,I found this: TMJ disorders Why Does My Jaw Hurt? 6 Possible Causes of Jaw Pain
175877176,I think if you know your delusional then your not delusional.
175877177,I am the same way.
174323927,"the weed might be making things worse. it is a risk to take it. yea clozapine is most powerful. good luck , you have to be patient with the meds too it may take up to 3 months for you to notice some kind of change."
175877178,"Little LED gets up at 5:30-6ish. I usually get up with her, make her breakfast and put cartoons on, then go back to bed for a bit. Then when I get up an hour or so later and get some coffee in me I feel much more human."
175877179,Yeah I usually eat it on toast it makes a great veg meal....
175877180,image1280×853 234 KB
175877181,No I took my seroquel last night and didn't lower the injection yet. I think it could be from drinking alcohol last night or low dose psilacetin. I've been taking vitamin D for a long time now. I think it could be easing my depression. _USER_ID_: Also I've been getting a lot of sun.
174323938,Do you have to take blood tests for 25mg?
175877182,I’ve been taking leucine for about a week. I started after reading an unrelated thread. I think it was about brain fog. I’ve definitely noticed some improvements specifically in task related motivation. It’s easier to get up and do the thing I need to do. Definitely want to give some of the other aminos in the article a shot. _AT_MENTION_ any words of wisdom or caution?
175877183,"_AT_MENTION_ , today is day 5. I counted my pills. The drs office hasn’t called me yet. I tried them but they’re on lunch. I’ll try again later"
175877184,My partner has a peach flavor vape. I like it
175877185,How did writing go?
175877186,"these gummys are addicting, why are they so good."
175877187,"Well I’ve always really liked challenging games that have immersive worlds. My favourite game recently were Metal Gear Solid V, Dark Souls 3, They Are Billions, Diablo 3, Devil May Cry. That said a lot of those games I really have to be in the right mood to enjoy and I don’t play a lot them all the time. World Of Warcraft is quite a simple game if you can find a class you like and afford the subscription. Fall Guys is quite simple I was into Minecraft as a relaxing game to play for a while."
175877188,How did you pull off such enormous achievement? any tips?
175877189,"I keep getting hallucinations when I try to rest. I can hear things and sometimes get closed eye images. My dreams are really vivid and bizarre. Some nights I have trouble sleeping. My anxiety can be bad at times. I get random thoughts of past mistakes, etc. I’ve tried getting help and it isn’t easy. Last time I had an assessment they asked if I was working, eating, and sleeping. I said I was and I didn’t qualify for help there. It’s not easy finding the help you need."
175877190,I have been on Invega Sustenna for almost 3 year. I have some side effects like hand tremors and weight gain. Sometimes I have problems concentrating.
175877191,Geodon works for me but I had visuals with voices more than just voices. I am glad it works or I would be a mess. Good luck finding a better med.
174323931,"ECT is the most effective treatment for depression, better than meds. Some use it for sz, someone here said it helped with negative symptoms but only temporary, needs frequent treatements. The thing is that frequent treatments can temporarily decrease memory."
175877192,Thanks and right back at you.
175877193,I drink extreme amounts of coffee. I think I may have ADHD to some extent.
175877194,"In September I’m going to China and, if things go well, graduate from day treatment and move to transition care once per week. I’d like to stick with my peer coaching job throughout this time and hopefully get more clients. I’d like to reach a place of mental and physical stability. I’d like to loose 10 pounds. I’d like to buy a car. It’ll be nice to enjoy the holiday food and do some cooking and shopping 2 of my friends have their birthdays New Years fireworks are always nice Maybe I’ll hear back more from the guy I like Maybe something unexpected will happen for the better!"
174323928,Be careful taking fish oil with abilify is all I can say. It was a bad trip for me. My paranoia came back and today is the first day I don’t feel paranoid in some way. I took (high strength) fish oil for about 5 days and it’s taken a week to get back to “normal”
174323933,Anyone here have success with Vraylar but not Latuda for negative symptoms. Latuda didnt work for me and I am thinking of trying Vraylar. Thank you.
175877195,I wish I was cured
175877196,"Crystal-Cotton, you have control over your own body. If you don’t want to hurt someone, just don’t do it!"
175877197,_AT_MENTION_ tried amyloban only too without success. It’s a good addition but not a good stand alone. If it’s working keep up what your doing
175877198,"I don’t know, it’s just a thing on here, and wanted to say you be here, it’s all good."
175877199,"I have done data entry for 15 years, 32 hours a week. I feel it is somewhat advanced and it holds my interest. I really need the money. I don’t tell anybody about my illness. Unfortunately I hardly ever talk to anybody."
175877200,My mom taught adult _NAME_. When _NAME_ moved to Oregon she lost her job.
175877201,Wow! Thank you Mr. I’m totally going to save that video. Actually now I want to get a pong system. Haha. Skunks are never satisfied.
175877202,yeah i hope that too
175877203,"Yes, I went…it went pretty good."
175877204,I lost 6 pounds in between my pdoc appointments and my blood pressure was 112 over 86 when usually it’s in the 140s
175877205,"Preventing constipation is easier than treating it. Keep a regular schedule of exercise in your daily routine and ensure that you follow it. Do not curb the urge to go for your bowel movement. The more it is delayed, the more water is lost from the feces and this makes them all the more harder. And as aforementioned, include high-fiber foods in your diet, increase the quantity of fluid (especially water), and reduce consumption of low-fiber food items. You can find out more about it on Link removed as per forum rules. Post Edited By Moderator (_PERSON_ Cat) : 9/10/2019 12:13:11 PM (GMT-6)"
174323934,"Not I, I’ve still got some. I’ve grown to work within my limitations, learned to handle it better than I once did"
175877206,I’d say not today. I give enough as I’m able and send me a letter…
175877207,_AT_MENTION_._PERSON_ Just run up and say Hi!
175877208,Does anyone know why pdocs are like hesitant to give out Xanax long-term? I feel like Xanax has helped me a lot with anxiety and panic and making snap decisions. Is it actually bad to take Xanax long-term?
175877209,"I am more comfortable with a male psychiatrist because I am a male. I once had a beautiful female psychiatrist of my age, 29. I was so shy and stressed that I lied about my symptoms. I made them look better to impress her. I was sweating and ashamed of my symptoms because she will know how I am miserable and will laught at me. Also I can’t talk about my sexual problems with a girl."
175877210,very paranoid
175877211,image1536×1536 544 KB
175877212,the painting is really good.
175877213,"Hi y'all I wasn't doing too good, made a bad choice, and after 6 days, am feeling better, but now I'm IP at a psych facility til they see fit to release me, which will probably be after the weekend at least."
175877214,I had broccoli and half a totinos party pizza earlier for dinner
175877215,"Part 2: Some Axioms of the Christian Revolutionary Story TIMESTAMP To decide that and then enact the proposition that Being is Good despite its tragedy and malevolence To work, in consequence, for the continual and eternal improvement of that Being, and to know that as Love To do such work in Truth To let everything inadequate burn off in that pursuit, and to welcome its replacement by what is better To know that as the sacred Imitation of Christ To understand that although Christ’s sacrifice redeemed us all the work still has to be done To accept that work as the sacred Meaning of Life To strive toward the Heavenly City on the Hill in that manner"
175877216,You too!
175877217,"I used to shop at woman within, but I don’t need their plus size clothing anymore. Yay!"
175877218,"_AT_MENTION_ Sending you warm I know it sounds weird, but you are alive… We all question reality, at times… It’s part of the disease."
175877219,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877220,"It is seemingly ok except that I have recently been getting some random pains in my middle and lower torso and sometimes nausea. i also have unexplained pulsatile tinnitus oh I am still overweight , now by 3.3 kg. Hope I make it to my target BMI which is I think 51KG I have other health concerns but they are private"
175877221,You use a lot of mediums feel free to create threads some time of your art if you’d like. I saw your pen drawings and they are beautiful. Ah yes those techniques you mention do ring a bell from when I used to watch youtube how tos!
175877222,I thought the same thing but then he moved all my meds to night time. He said they would make me drowsy enough to put me to sleep but they dont
175877223,Omega 3 not much useful. It can actually increase depression if have mental conditions like bipolar. Also it seem to increase blood sugar if taken excessively and thus can affect sleep too.
175877224,"Oh, thanks!!! Thanks for the message … _PERSON_, I am ill, I have to accept it. And its probably ugly here now… But yeah, my brain is a mess for now. Maybe I’ll be happier in the future. Strange thing to be ill since kid though…"
175877225,Me too. About what?
175877226,"My present dilemma is indecisiveness. I can’t decide whether to work on developing gaming input devices or making games for a living. The input devices will require a few thousand dollars to prototype out, but the game dev is very cheap to pursue. I’m more passionate about the first though, and I’m married to the idea that if I am just passionate enough about it, the finances will work themselves out somehow. Realistically though I doubt it. So logically I feel like I should just go with the game dev idea until I make enough money to do the input devices, but my heart’s just not in it enough to start. Damn it."
175877227,"I don’t think you need to apologize, and I certainly never felt manipulated by you. Maybe you could offset your posts about problems with positive posts? Tell stories about happy things, or things your thankful for, stories from the news that are positive or even good weather. Then you won’t feel so guilty about venting when you need to."
175877228,I’m glad you’re better now. Sorry for your loss
174323937,"Not really, im on medication. I have medicare and medicaid. SDDI. Im back on my feet again. Its little bump on road. Dont let the illness define you."
175877229,"Science is only part of the cure for me, its a mixture of a good med and also what do to improve our lives ourselves, i wouldn’t put everything i have achieved down to my med although it did play its part it wasn’t all that was to it,"
175877230,yeah I think I will
174323939,Akathisia is a side effect of AP meds.
175877231,"The deal is i find vaping more addictive than anything, sometimes i would go for an hour walk and suck on vape for that time. I would rather go somewhere smoke a small _NAME_ with a filter and quality tobacco"
175877232,does writing make it better or worse? I would imagine reading what you right could be feeding it or am I wrong?
175877233,"do you think is weird that male look at that stuff. I was hook at young age i when so that first hentai, i couldnt looking stop at that stuff, my mom caught looking at it. i tell a lie said it was pop up lol."
175877234,Wow I’m headed towards this
175877235,I must call my psychiatrist
174323940,Dissociative Schizophrenia A Proposed Subtype of Schizophrenia https://onlinelibrary._NAME_.com/doi/10.1002/_PHONE_NO_.ch20
175877236,no but I currently smell like a tropical island (hawaiian perfume)
175877237,"All, avolition, apathy, self neglect, alogia, asociality, lack of hygiene, etc My parents force me to bath and I only bath once every 8 days. I gained 170lb. I stay in bed all day everyday, only get up to eat. In bed I am either on this forum or sleeping. I live with my parents, they house me, feed me and bring my meds. I don’t help them in anything"
175877238,"I had a job where I had an insane workload because my coworkers refused to do anything but schedule office visits and occasionally answer phones. I ended up quitting because of how my coworkers treated me in addition to the heavy workload. Plus the Navy SEALs were coming into my work and I had to get away from them. So yeah, too much stress can be a hard thing to deal with. I don’t know your tolerance compared to mine"
174323941,"Yeah, I think _AT_MENTION_ got it. Schizophrenia commonly starts at a young age. Doesn’t give you much of a chance to go to college or get a good job to earn money."
175877239,Very true… I have found some people to text through out the day. I knew I shouldn’t text him and I wasn’t going to… I just needed to vent about how I wanted to text him lol Good for you for not texting him!
175877240,No I don’t but the last one I when to helped me alot
175877241,Done and done. I usually blame myself for everything.
175877242,Don’t get off SSI. You may never get that electrician job. Only get off when you outgrow it and they cancel it anyways.
174323944,"It was the first time in three days that I had taken them. My whole routine has been completely changed, so I got out of the routine of taking my pills at a certain point in my day. I’m also a week and a half late on getting my Abilify shot, really need to call tomorrow and schedule that for asap. I feel okay, though, aside from a little depressed. I just need to buy a new pill box and get back in the habit of taking them."
175877243,That’s great you can consume it in moderation. I’m an addict and it completely takes over even if I have a small amount. Total chaos.
175877244,People are forcing me to be homeless all the time. Unless I want to suffer with what they do to my health.
175877245,"It's good to know what's going on. In your latest post you said, ""However, I’m not so sure I need meds for anxiety/depression anymore."" As of now, I am now at the 72 hour mark. Muscle fatigue has decreased and I am only experiencing slight “whoozyness” if I shift my eyes too quickly. Kind of feel like I am on cold meds or something."" It sounds like you have a good situation going. Please let us now how this is going."
175877246,is it possible to be aware that these thoughts are delusions and not real at the onset of illness when you first have them?without meds. like having insight to the fact that you gone psychotic and having false beliefs
174323950,"Best clozaril, worst seroquel, awful med!"
175877247,"ah yea, that sucks =/"
175877248,"Need to sleep more, still look like a raccoon I'm terrified of getting dementia when I'm older"
174323954,"It took me 4 years. I’ve tried a LOT of meds in that time. I’m currently on depakote, rexulti and armodafinil and am fully functional with no side effects and minimal to nonexistent symptoms."
175877249,Good to hear! I know you were really struggling with the nausea. I hope the Zoloft continues to kick in for you and gives you good relief!
175877250,"I had anger and I was becoming verbally aggressive, but I was always turning my anger against me, so it was more depressing, than a danger to others… I suffered from a terrible guilt with all this…"
175877251,"I’m still on geodon, for now, but I am tapering down while starting my new med… I came off my anxiety med, gabapentin, and that has been helping with weight loss."
175877252,I would recommend counting backwards starting at 100 counting back 7 each time. It keeps me busy
175877253,Yeah I enjoy some free jazz aswell. Maybe this isn´t the post for it but maybe you like this Sun Ra - Exotic Forest
175877254,she never had an episode. she said she lied about it. so thats why people are a little peeved.
175877255,"I think there are many strong arguments that life is unfair. In spite of that, and all I have been through, I think it is important to “believe” that life is fair. This is partly wrapped up in some delusions I have had about religion. I can only say that life will be fair “for me.”"
174323952,its a really potent medication. I felt quite active on it and energetful. Managed to finish my studies abroad and work at the same time. Its sad it stopped working for me one day randomly
175877256,Please get help _AT_MENTION_ . I hope you will feel better soon.
175877257,I’ve had better luck at the county clinic than with private practices.
175877258,I have been playing video games with friends.
175877259,All my friends stopped calling me and didn’t want anything to do with me. It’s like they were embarrassed to be friends with me because I started getting paranoid and anxious. Now I have no real life friends. Only you guys on here. I appreciate everyone who interacts with me. Makes me feel less lonely. Anyone else get ghosted by former friends when you started having mental health issues?
175877260,"I know we’re not allowed to talk about aliens and I’m pushing it by calling them jinn, the Star Trek federation is real, NASA and the CIA manage it in the States as do the Hip Hop gurus, not sure about Britain, there is the European Space Agency, and China has invested heavily in silicone based living brains, not to mention Japan, Russia as well, in fact they were the first to find life on Venus, I’ve seen the pictures. Have you seen Solaris, the original Russian version, it is a good overview of the reality of such a life, but has a terrifying ending. It is good to fear, it keeps you focused on the here and now."
175877261,I am unable to speak to him unless he chooses to call. My case worker isn’t that great on detail unfortunately.
175877262,We even have a small gym in my apartment building but I’m afraid to use it because I’m afraid that my son will stick his fingers in the equipment while I’m exercising.
175877263,Anyone have stories or reviews? If you’ve had it did it help? What was your experience?
175877264,Does any one listen to there voices or belive in what they say?
175877265,"I tear up when I am moved by a song, an essay, an TV scene. I think I have a lower EQ, so I am always moved to tears."
175877266,"_AT_MENTION_ I still have positive symptoms, no matter what I’m on. Even Clozaril. My sz is actually getting BETTER over time, but I’m mainly responding because Geodon had a significant problem for me that you might look into. Geodon metabolises quite quickly in some people, and it did for me. I didn’t know why I was getting worse on it, even though I was on (dr. _PERSON_) twice the recommended dose at one time. They tested my metabolism with a DNA swab. Turns out, I was metabolising the medicine before it could kick in. And yes, I was aware one must eat with the doses or it won’t absorb well, and I was eating. It was not absorbing because my liver is apparently a powerhouse, and processed it too quickly for it to work. The solution was a longer acting medicine. At the time for me, that was Invega ER (pill, not injection), and when my psychosis calmed down enough, I was able to go on another med that wasn’t as flat affect-y for me. Try looking into that. Another thing is that you may have 
trauma in your past, and you have been triggered. Sometimes the triggers go unnoticed for me at first, and they express themselves as delusions which exhibit the same feelings as my trauma, which is what needs to be dealt with instead of my sz. Idk if that’s what’s happening for you, but it is a brainstorm suggestion to look into. I hope your answer is easy and that you find it soon. I send support. I know how frustrating med changes can be, esp in the middle of crisis points. Take care of yourself."
175877267,i stopped taking meds (rispond) in august and i used an injection in october last time. maybe this crap is still in my body that blocks the alcohol
175877268,If happened only to me once but it was around 2 - 3 months.
175877269,Only if they have dementia. Otherwise it’s ok.
175877270,"I get that, im not gonna stop them or escape"
175877271,Arent you getting way ahead of yourself? Get yourself a job first and take it one day at a time first. See if you can really manage working like that.
175877272,"It makes me tired after taking, so I take it before sleep."
175877273,"I know it can be stressful to see new doctors. I’m sure it will go well, though, so try not to worry too much. It’s a waste of energy. Good luck!"
175877274,I think I’m gonna deactivate my Facebook for a bit
175877275,"I am not on haldol only. I taper off really slowly, so I also take the meds I was taking, but with 20mg zyprexa instead of 40"
175877276,"Longest after first breakdown was 2 years. Latest a month or…2? 3? Dont know. Im back on 0.5mg again. I started to be better, but then scared, pissed off, sad and slightly paranoid with no meds. Not fullblown psychotic, but not much fun to be around (even for myself :-)). My circumstances are also quite tough atm…so i might try again later if there (_USER_ID_) are better times."
175877277,"Theres a thread about it, search Caplyta. Users said its the best to lose weight but I never tried it."
175877278,I’m having a hard time telling what is true and what is figment of imagination.
175877279,"If you have to do something like that do it under the care of a mental health professional. Personally, when I try to come off my ap’s what comes out isn’t good."
175877280,"The only people I care about IRL are my family. I hurt them a lot when I was growing up. They also have had to put up with things due to my mental illness that I did not wish upon them. There is nothing I can do about that, but I can try to be there for them as much as I can. I was rejected by all my friends and acquaintances that I had, and that made me feel really bad for a long time. Now I am content in my own company for the most part, and I am not bothered by the rejection as much. It leaves serious trust issues."
175877281,That's a hard one You can become rich by selling them ahahha
175877282,"There are so many numbers and figures in the deck. How the number 9 came to the yard of mine, a fanatic of 9?"
175877283,I don’t think it’s as much as before since universal credit is the new benefit system and if you are new to benefits u may not be entitled to the premium bonus amount. So that would mean ud get about£ 317 per month or if they assess u as someone who can’t work at all then it would be 317 plus an additional 336 pounds. Then there is pip benefits idk if you can get that one cos wen I tried to apply for pip they went through some long process for me to proof my residence in the UK. Pip amounts depend on if you have a mobility disability too. Usually people with mi only get the daily living component which is about £56 to about 86 pounds per week.
175877284,"For us there is a clear line on my dad’s side, my grandma used to hear voices with high anxiety and my great grandma saw spirits but both were fine stay at home moms as was the tradition those days. But this seems to strike mostly the women. Even my aunt listens to a noise machine to drown out the voices at night."
175877285,I like science more. _AT_MENTION_
175877286,"There are other meds you can try if Seroquel isn't working for you. You're already on an antipsychotic and moodstabilizer right? So those are two methods. I also take Restoril which is a benzo, but we build a tolernece of that up so boo. Have you tried ambien? Geodon is suppose to put us to sleep as _PERSON_ has found out. It doesn't work on me anymore unless, oddly, I take it in the morning. Then im falling asleep an hour later. To be honest, I still take Benadryl with my sleep meds. Okay, here's a strategy, take one med for awhile, then you're going to build a tolernece, and then rotate to another med, until you build a tolerance, then switch back ad infinitum."
174323953,"Definitely not my choice, but I just can’t stop hearing my mom saying, “I must have sinned in my past life to make my daughter suffer from a horrific illness.” I’m alone in my journey, really. My mom believes no subtype=no dx and so it’s extremely stressful. My communication with her has been hitting the wall. I just have no idea what else to say without my mom blaming her “past life” or something about what others might have done before me."
175877287,In my worst psychosis I hallucinated people taking pictures of me like they were paparazzi and that everyone texting on their cellphones was monitoring me. Was awefull
175877288,Is it a bad thing?
175877289,"I thought this would be of more interest to actual ‘voices hearers’ I guess I’m on the wrong forum, aye."
175877290,_NAME_ - I wonder as I wander
175877291,"Maybe you only had drug induced psychosis. If you want to try no meds, then taper off them and see how it goes. Good luck."
174323949,"why would someone think the third world would be better to be mentally ill in? they dont have meds, as was pointed out. or stuff like that."
175877292,Thanks and much love! How do you stay happy? ;D
175877293,what is the place then? i dont know
175877294,"Nope, not today"
175877295,Well its different when youre delusional or manic Maybe then not but it depends on you
175877296,Don't feel nearly as happy as I did before I went to bed. Didn't get enough sleep. I got 6 hours of sleep. I need more like 8 or 9. Time to go to work..
175877297,I don’t know how to make polls and it wouldn’t help me in my recovery to know who’s better than who.
175877298,"I feel ya. I've been fighting on not swallowing my **** ton supply of propranolol. I don't know anymore. I feel numb one moment and extreme sadness the next. When I'm numb I'm like ""at least I'm not sad right now"" and when I'm sad I think of many reasons to kill or not kill myself. It's emotional time for me. really hard time for me here lately. I get ya."
175877299,Glad you had a good day with your dad _AT_MENTION_!
175877300,"way to go dude. pizza delivery is a chill job, and can make a little money in certain locations. one time I was delivering for papa johns and gas was like $4 dollars a gallon. I was making a little money but I was thinking of quitting. anyways the old ceo and founder was at a restaurant in Bloomington _NAME_ where my then girlfriend was a waitress and she waited on him… I was thinking ????, this guy is rich and is probably flirting with my girlfriend so I quit. and started working in warehouses."
175877301,Antidepressants are known to do that Initially and then it often subsides. Bit horrid.
175877302,"I’ve encountered the same problem recently with antipsychotic medication. Say, did olanzepine work?"
175877303,So you socialize at all? What helps you?
175877304,I meant short acting injections
175877305,Sometimes its painful.
175877306,Hi folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175877307,I only locked myself up in the bathroom for few minutes
175877308,I love eating tonnes of protein. Doctor made me stop because my bloodwork showed it was too hard on my liver and had started to impact liver function.
175877309,"I’m trying so hard to convince myself that this is a delusion. I keep hearing voices from the CIA in my head and they keep saying they are gonna kill me. To start I have been through many similar experiences in the past… I though that a CIA agent was coming to kill me… Some rogue government was trying to kill me, a cult of psychologists were coming to get me, an alien organization wanted me dead, even other schizophrenics wanting to kill me… each and everytime I get through it. I’m constantly telling myself that telepathy is just not real… why would the CIA waste their time with me a nobody schizo. I also keep thinking they have this psychic machine that gives them a brain scan, EEG, heart rate and all kinds of things about me… How unrealistic is that?!? I keep thinking about the strongest telepathic connection I ever had… I found out it never happened because I asked the person whom I thought I was connected to said she never had a telepathic connection with me. Also I’m complete
ly schizo and there are thousands of schizo’s out there who think the CIA is out to get them… I mean c’mon I’m gonna sit here and say OK all these other schizo’s are crazy except me… I’m the real deal… I even studied up on research about telepathy being real and the Scientific community has concluded that it is just not real. Even with all this I am still a bit scared because I keep hearing them in my head saying stuff like “This is real this time. I’m coming to kill you.” everytime I tell myself it’s not real I hear “He doesnt know how real this is.” “Your ???????? “_PERSON_ there is no hope for you… your just gonna die this time.” I hear this kind of thing all day long… So I’m trying to be strong and not let it bother me but the voices can be so nerve racking."
175877310,"Is the three post limit timed, or just only waiting until someone else posts? I has memes to share. Hope I’m not over posting and bugging people. Thank you in advance"
174323957,"I’ve never needed it. I’ve only had one episode since carrying it, and I didn’t run into any cops. I also have it on the med ID page on my phone."
175877311,I’m just going to mix some metal in here…
175877312,I used to dislike dogs because they disliked me. They started barking…I think they picked up on me being nervous. They have grown on me though and I don’t mind them. Some I like now. except when they try to lick my face…but then I just push them away.
175877313,"My voices tell me they are going to kill me and torture me, they make me feel miserable but I am still going out."
174323958,I’m been struggling with schizoaffective for 30 years and been in the hospital around 20 times. I’m over 50 now and not needing to be hospitalized as much.
175877314,"I don’t really see how it could be otherwise. Assuming that the zombie apocalypse is caused by some kind of infection, areas of high population density, particularly those with a large number of poor people are going to be the most vulnerable. With the complete collapse of infrastructure and social order sort of predicated anything labelled as apocalyptic most of the advantages of an urban environment are rendered non existent."
175877315,I wish I could go back in time and fix that…
175877316,"If you’re worried about the cost of gas then you definitely can’t afford another $500 a month for a house? If you do have extra money, pay down debt and get your own house in a year or so."
175877318,Hi shovelhead. That sounds very tiring. Are you worried you have schizophrenia? Just because you hear voices doesn't mean you have schizophrenia. There are other symptoms as well. The best bet would be to go get checked out by a doctor. You could start with your general practitioner and get a full work up and then you might want to see a psychologist or psychiatrist if your GP thinks that a psych consult is warranted. Are you able to talk back to the voices? Might make the bad voice stop. Hope you get some answers. _PERSON_
175877319,"_AT_MENTION_ , Excercise will definitely help. I wish I could excercise more. I’m so self concious and somehow scared to walk outside. I should get myself an indoors excercise bike."
175877320,that hurt… sometimes humans have no sense.
175877321,"So, absolutely forced myself out on the bike, 27 miles. Spectacular day, people all over the river, kayakers, skiers, swimmers, babies and toddlers and families on bikes and puppies and stuff. Life. If that can't help you feel better, I don't know what can. I do feel better. So, that is nice. Gonna try to ride regularly again, I think it helps me, i guess. Sometimes was right about getting out there, as usual. Hugs!!!!!!!!!"
175877322,I will do trigonometry in exchange as well
175877323,"You’re the one that brought it up. If you want help for your symptoms, stop drinking."
175877324,"Well stress is still bad, cry a lot, PTSD is very bad and unfortunately we have had Covid hit our therapist office now. My therapist has had to cancel for the last month I have a tele appt on the 8th, but most likely that’ll be cancelled reception said and they can’t put me on any appts until she is ok. I got into pain management 2 months ago, they just out of the blue said we’re reopening and got me in. I go monthly, in fact tomorrow I go for more fentanyl patches and tramadol. So pain is not anywhere under control, but we’re waiting for a UW appt in Sept for the required second opinion my insurance requires because they are lacking in anything up to date for things. So then hoping around late November I can then start biweekly IV lidocaine infusions for a few months, see how that goes. The doc I have my system is borrowing from UW but he’ll be doing the treatments at UW. So at least I feel good about that. He saw the notes the guy I saw here in my town years ago where he wanted to kill 
all the nerves in my back and I’d be unable to function and the first 24 hours you have to be constantly watched at home by a family member cause it could kill you in that 24 hours. So this doctor called him a few names and said that treatment is never used for RSD, and cannot believe _PERSON_’s ???????? excuse for pain in my city. This guy in Lake _NAME_ is worth the drive so even though I’ll be switched to a NP next month when he goes back to UW he’s picking who he wants me to get there, so I trust him. He was a student on the team back in 1996 when I was 12 and UW children’s diagnosed me, he remembered me as I was the first RSD kid they had ever. But anyway, thank you for caring sometimes it seems things just blow up all at once. Still AP free though, hoping for something one day."
175877325,I dont hear voices at all on 3mg risperidone
175877326,"It is the same old things, but I got through it. I’m pretty sure I have more experience now, with these tough situations."
175877327,20210322_1520311035×1102 222 KB
175877328,good luck with your new job! i hope you manage to stay awake
174323960,Do you have CMT?
175877329,"I will start doing two four-hour shifts per week, and I’m open to doing more than that if there is a need. There is one other office volunteer though, so I have to balance out my hours with hers. I don’t want to take work away from someone else after they’ve been there longer than me. I am actively searching for full-time work, I’m just not finding many accounting clerk jobs to apply for. I interviewed for one job that ended up being too entry level for me and I have one other resume out there for an accounts payable processor. Other than that, everything in an office has been administrative assistant work. I have to have a desk job because I have a collapsed disc in my lower spine and I walk with a cane. Otherwise I would start out doing retail work until I found the right accounting job. I can’t handle the standing though. Until I get a full-time job, I think the hospice work will be a good opportunity. It will get me out of the house and give me some recent experience. I’ve been on d
isability since January 2015 so I have a large gap in my resume. That gives me a disadvantage when competing with others who are currently employed. My disability is through my state’s retirement system, and I’m approved through January 31, so I have some time to find the right job. My pdoc won’t clear me to return to work if it’s a front desk position because it’s too stressful. I need to find an accounting clerk job where I only manage my own workload and phone calls."
175877330,I love the mountain!
175877331,What ap are you on and how did you lose from 80kg to your current weight
175877332,I would honestly not put so much effort into discovering what the noise is and quietly ignore it. The more your focusing on it - the more likely your brains gonna fill in the gaps and induce hallcinations. It just doesnt sound healthy - Just concentrate on living your own life - and use headphones if its annoying you.
175877333,Look after yourself …
174323967,I wish I could take a higher dose of Abilify. I’m taking 7.5 mg of Abilify. I can’t take a higher dose because of the side effects. I guess that is reality.
175877334,"I don’t know if I’m dreaming, Or if I’m wide awake I can’t tell if I’m happy, Or if it’s the drugs i take And i should know better than to make bad habits Cause they’re always hard to break"
175877335,Didn’t work out yet. Gonna soon. _PERSON_ my dad came over and we had coffee and just chilled. Waiting for my groceries to get here. Gonna pay a couple of bills and then work out.
175877336,What is a native Canadian?
174323964,how long did you have these thoughts?
175877337,"Hey, I’m really sorry to hear this. These kind of voices and thoughts are so painful. Do you have meds prescribed, and are you taking the correct dose? Maybe let your doc know what is going on ASAP, you shouldn’t have to go through this."
175877338,"Yeah, I’m going to visit family for 2 weeks and will have little to no say over what food is served, so I’m already planning on gaining back about ten pounds."
175877339,good to hear you know this =) It’s better not being hateful. You will feel better when you not hateful even if things can still be really hard.
175877340,"MY GOD I'VE DONE IT! Well, I'm like 3/4 the way finished my assignment. I have to figure out how to display some information about my program, but I should be able to figure that out today. The hard part I got done thanks to lots of googling and tinkering with my code."
175877341,Yeah I think it might not be for me at this point in time but maybe some therapy on its own will help to go through the stuff that happened because it was traumatic.
175877342,"Yes! Being stable will keep you from accidentally harming yourself or others. Plus, when someone is stable they have peace of mind"
175877343,The voices were never real but we can read your thoughts
175877344,"I wasnt saying sz was a good thing. I spent years completely irrational and deluded and just have this residual belief that sz on some level can be freeing from normality. I also have the residual habit of intellectualizing things which I often did when psychotic so this is also a result of that. About intersubjectivity, what i have seen on the forum is mostly understandable but some things i have seen are gobbledygook. The latter kind of statements are not intersubjective if nobody else can understand what is being said even though the object of the statement is intersubjective."
175877345,"so assuming I go back to work I wonder what I will do if I start hearing voices. with meds my voices are almost gone, but I notice I get daytime voices about once every 4-5 months so every 100-150 days. I find them completely disabling now, more so than before, because im not used to them being in my normal day to day activities. so I think if I had a voice attack while at work, I would ask my manager if I could go home early as im not feeling well and it’s related to my illness. do you think that is saying too much or not enough? I wouldn’t want to talk about my condition under normal circumstances."
175877346,Hello S.C.! Well I did have a few side effects starting lexapro. I agree I think the restlessness was not from the benzo but more from my anxiety knowing I would have to start lexapro. Thank you for being there cheering me on! I love how supportive this page has always been ?? I will be updating on lex as I go.
175877347,"Hey _PERSON_, i hope your weekend is relaxing and you can cope with the SH and SI thoughts"
175877348,I also find birdwatching very satisfying. I hope you feel better soon.
175877349,"Yes, I showered and washed my hair."
175877350,I hang out with both because I’m safe cause I’m married. But we really prefer to hang out with other couples.
175877351,I still would play video games but I needed to work to get money for a new joystick back in the 80s. I enjoy social media these days.
175877352,Yw _AT_MENTION_! You’ve been there for me. I’m here or in PMs any time.
175877353,"Jeez, that would be even worse! So inefficient!"
175877354,"i also had the sensation that my windpipe was slowly closing up by the minute and the voice said that if i dont manage to successfully escape the hospital that it would close up completely. i was trying to escape shouting i cant breathe i cant breathe, i need to get outside, but ofcourse no one understood and they got the security guards to sit infront of the door of this tiny claustrophoic room with no windows"
175877355,"Hello thesolemnideaoflife, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself and share your thoughts with your community; we hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175877356,I don’t think that counts as its just a sexual orientation.
175877357,"My little sister (17) got put on fluoxetine (10mg) and ativan (14x 1mg). I'm very conservative with this. It's her decision to take the fluoxetine because it makes it less likely that she'll be addicted to the Ativan. But I took fluoxetine and it made my panic attacks worse (Because they were psychedelic dissociative panic attacks based on serotonin). She has a bit of OCD so it could work idk. Before I took psychedelics, I was never anxious on fluoxetine. Ativan should be taken only twice a week (Liberal) or once a week to every two weeks (Conservative) to avoid tolerance. If you take it once a day for 1-2 weeks, it becomes ineffective and tolerance is 100% so when you don't take it, the brain has as much anxiety that the benzo was taking away. I took Ativan because my panic attacks were dissociative panic attacks that would last until I fall asleep (3+ hours of intense severe panic where NOTHING could calm me down - heart beating fast, shaking, zoned out) or take 2-3 benzos. My sisters panic attac
ks only last for less than an hour or the time it would take until the ativan takes to kick in. But another approach would be to just take ativan and build tolerance and take more until she's done with school and then withdraw from it (Because fluoxetine could make her focus less on her school work and do bad in school). At least she's getting treatment. But I think treatment is very bad since psychedelics are illegal and they're known to help with depression and anxiety much better than SSRI's and benzos."
175877358,"Also, if they wanted you gone, you’d been long gone by now."
175877359,Someone mentioned nuts.
175877360,"sorry, medication not meditation haha"
174323970,Maybe I’ll ask about going back on abilify and stopping the vraylar.
175877361,"I am a 100% gay. No meds have or can change that and I’ve been on street drugs to all types of medical meds. I think some people are on the spectrum of attraction and maybe not 100% straight or gay and may have attractions to either sex depending on the person, time and space. Just my thought on it."
175877362,The news revealed today at lunch about the bad things I’ve done. Now many people know. I am so upset
175877363,I have an appt with my dr next month and yes I ve consider it but last Time she told me to give it time ..the effect is same as last time except that now it seems that anxiety is stronger
174323979,Ever have problems with these symptoms? If so did clozapine help?
175877364,I ended up falling asleep around 7:30 am
175877365,Naw. Not my thing. If I wasn’t sick I would look into medical school. But its overrated.
175877366,She payed me $100 towards the money she owes me. I was stunned. It’s the first time she’s ever payed me back anything. I was so happy I didn’t know what to say. I was so proud of her for taking care of her responsibilities.
175877367,Thanks _NAME_!!!
175877368,I’d prefer if they didn’t drill a big hole in my head. What’s the fatality rate with this surgery?
175877369,Zopiclone shouldnt be mixed with alcohol.
175877370,ok no recommendation.give me different recomendation lol.im a bit loony today.forgive me
174323965,"Some time ago I asked my psychiatrist if it was possible to cure schizoaffective disorder and do without the medicines. He said that in mild cases like mine it was possible. I only have very light obsessions that take 1-2 hours a day and 1-2 intrusive thoughts a day. For the rest, my thoughts are as fluid as oil I have no positive or negative symptoms. No suspiciousness or paranoia. What I do? I run almost every day, before the quarantine I was swimming, I watch TV series, travel documentaries, I listen to indie-pop music. Then I am lucky enough to have friends and a large family behind me who loves me that spurs me to joke and dialogue What are your symptoms? what situation are you in?"
175877371,I took the Rx but not supplements.
175877372,Too numerous to mention.
175877373,No worries zombie. I’m doing nothing your keeping me company too
175877374,"Health confidence must fundamentally take place at our core. For me, I have a masculine core. But what is health confidence at the masculine core or for the ladies what is health confidence at the feminine core? I realize that this is sounding a bit Freudian, but it makes deep sense to me. _PERSON_ says that we have a “crisis of adulthood in our society- too many men have acted like boys and too many women have acted like girls.” A real man is not scared of strong, smart women and does not have penis envy for great men who have more power, smarts and confidence. Real men also treat women and people in general beautifully. For both men and women, the health confidence of one’s masculine or feminine core means giving your deepest genius and the poetry of your very being. The health confident masculine core is rugged and grown-up, the health confident feminine core, strong and grown-up…. Become pretty solid at the core. What do you think? Do you agree?"
175877375,Running is wonderful but it trigger voices?? Anyway to surpass that And return to running Should I hit my skull in the wall and run despite voices !!! Or there is another way ??
175877376,"I am going through the same thing right now _PERSON_, I mean going through a difficult time with my family and I see my anxiety level go really high, but I’m trying to use other tools to lessen it. I’m using citalopram currently"
175877377,Good luck with the new med.
175877378,Was this diagnosis code going out to other doctors? Maybe she’s trying to avoid _USER_ID_ for you. I have a feeling that my pdoc is giving me the bipolar dx to avoid _USER_ID_.
175877379,Everything okay _AT_MENTION_ ?
174323976,"Ok it might really help you. not only am I starting to be able to feel emotions, but empathy more and compassion."
175877380,"Gun laws, wide seats, wide roads, that accent,…"
175877381,"Jamaican food, pizza, Mexican, Chinese. Italian :3"
175877383,"I have to go outside, because i work in a church, you can’t postpone a funeral. The only happy person is the undertaker. I said: “I hope the virus ends soon” “No, no, no,” he said and waved his finger at me. Smiling."
175877384,"Well, the thing is, once I got off Seroquel the heart palpations ended. I literally forgot all about them and what caused them until _PERSON_ wrote about her heart beat, and my rememberance of her talking about Geodon. But excersie definitely helps with lowering heart beats. Why the urgency? Because ur hearts can only have so many beats."
175877385,"When I go off meds I start thinking that I am Jesus and that I have Jesus’s magical genes. So I can do miracles even on myself. I thought I could cure cancer, mental illness and every illness that exists. I thought I was the smartest one on Earth and that I am God’s son, the chosen one. I thought I was going to discover a new infinite energy source with no pollution etc Now I am embarrassed about having such thoughts when off meds."
174323971,I don’t think it’s ever 100% of one or the other re stress or vulnerability.
175877386,Anybody ever get pulsating feelings in their head? Like a heart beat? No pain. Been having this for a while. Really weird.
175877387,Why would they increase your olanzapine? It’s not an antidepresant. Did you ask them to?
175877388,"No thanks, I already got some."
175877389,You must be fun at parties
175877390,"so many delusions around religion and we cant actually talk about religion, in my opinion having insight into your delusions is best, at least for me it is, separate what is fact from fiction."
175877391,"I am not insulted in the least! You make me think, too."
175877392,"I am still obsessed with “erevna” or truth in Greek and keep forming beliefs, false or otherwise, about who is on this forum. I am really struggling to be mindful about this. Whatever I believe about the identity of a person affects how I interact with them, not knowing the truth about them leads me to post off-topic posts, false beliefs about them can actually be quite comforting. I need to stop worrying about it and start just observing my beliefs about identities passively, practicing mindfulness, but as I said, it has been a struggle. Would anyone care to comment on this dysfunction of mine please;?;"
175877393,"I wish I felt strong. I am really scared about going back… I am scared other people think I am crazy (which to be honest with you I am…) but its scary and the closer the time comes the more anxious I get,… lucky I am only doing one day next week so I can ease back into the routine…"
175877394,Weirdest? Giant racoon or woodchuck waving at me on the side of the road.
175877395,Gawd. This is wrong on a number of levels. I have to flag this in this environment.
175877396,Does it come and go or is it always there? Can you explain what its like does it interfere with your vision?
175877397,"I have a bunch of notifications on Facebook and LinkedIn, and I just want to ignore them all!"
174323975,"BMC Psychiatry Predictors of outcome in early onset schizophrenia: a 10-year follow-up study Younger age at onset is generally thought to be a predictor of poor outcome in Early Onset Schizophrenia (EOS), but there is a paucity of epidemiological data supporting this belief. This study aims to describe long-term outcomes and predictors of..."
175877398,Good. I am glad it is working for you Sorry meant to ask ages ago. Hope it continues to do well.
175877399,Yes I took one today
175877400,I sure wish that was true for me.
175877401,"I’m not a doctor but if this concerns you, please see a doctor. Are you being treated for sz?"
175877402,"I don't really know what to say. This is my first time posting on a forum (my therapist suggested it)...I have suffered from depression for 20 years (since I was 12), and it's only getting worse. I have been going to therapy for 2 years, but it doesn't seem to be working. I am leery about taking medication, so we've been working on other alternatives, but things are only getting worse. I feel like things are hopeless, like nothing will get better. I've been depressed for so long that at this point, I'm not even sure I can rewire my brain. I don't have much of a support system. It's not that my family or friends don't care, it's just that I don't like talking to them about this. I've essentially isolated myself from everyone. I don't know what I can do because nothing seems to make me happy anymore. I don't see much of a future for me, and it scares me. I'm alone, and I'm scared, and I just hate myself so much. I'm thinking about going on medications, but I'm afraid they won't work, which will only 
reinforce my theory that I'm always going to be like this...Do meds work? And if so, are there any side effects?"
175877403,"I had sort of a busy week last week. On Tuesday, I volunteered at the food pantry, Wednesday at an agricultural farm for the first time this year, and Thursday and Friday at the other farm."
175877404,I hope your sister is okay SP
175877405,Make me very nervous. Happening a lot lately. Screenshot_20200919-144446_One UI Home1080×200 50.8 KB
175877407,I feel suffocated and trapped. Frontal lobe hurts. My PMS is always a torture.
175877408,"Theres only 4 people that have my number, mother, bank, brother and the MH Clinic. All the others i ignore - and i block anonymous calls on the phone. If its urgent they can leave a voicemail if its a # i dont recognise."
175877409,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175877410,I lost 15 to 20 pounds in about 3 months. I may be eating less. I may be going hungry sometimes. But I honestly don’t know why.
175877411,"doc put me on 30mg zyprexa, took me off everything else except the lexapro"
175877412,? m using that. ?t s very good medicine. ?f you have problem with relapses probably going to fix it. Best wishes
175877413,"You whistle across the street and the girl looks at you and you go “Not you, the one behind you!” she looks behind and theres no one there…"
175877414,"Just be aware of it. Most of the time it is the disease. If you find nothing, try to calm down."
175877415,I like your profile pic too
175877416,Last night i couldn’t sleep. Think I was worried about something. Anyway when I did manage to sleep I woke up like 3 hours later. Need to work on establishing a proper sleep schedule
175877417,I would maybe see a doctor just in case. In the meantime are you on opioid painkillers? They can cause constipation. Plus are you drinking enough water?
175877418,"Popular behaviors are usually wrong. Reason being people are too fundamentally different for a one size fits all attitude, and something that is popular for its own sake is usually emotionally driven and logically hollow."
175877419,"Well, that's a much more reasonable price. I don't really advertise this, but I helped build a medical device company. So, I know a little about drug and device pricing. And what I can tell you is that in the United States, prices are all driven by one single thing: quarterly earnings conference calls. Has nothing to do with what is sensible or fair or what someone can afford. It's about big, big cash. I'll never forget when this whole thing all dawned on me. We were at a company retreat and, as we were leaving, I noticed multiple sales reps getting into these 50, 60, 70 thousand-dollar cars. This was, like, 20 years ago. As I got to know them better, some of them extremely well, I learned that many were also living in homes that cost well over a million dollars--and this is not just in CA or NY. 20 years ago. So, that's why these sales reps work so hard, some of them. They are making huge, huge bank. Huge. And this is why my generic Provigil is $800 a month. Cha-ching!!!!!"
175877420,I had pancakes and half a burger....
175877421,"I do, they work well for light marks on the paper, and even very heavy marking can be erased and gone over"
175877422,"i was involuntarily admitted twice, one of those to the state psych ward which is for the bad cases. once i wasn’t sure if i should go but i told them i was having suicidal thoughts so they admitted me. i dont know if it was voluntary or not that time. another time i was bordering on delusional and severe anxiety and almost admitted myself, but partly my delusion and partly wanting to keep costs down for all involved, stopped me the fourth time. ive been to the ER a few times, and places where they decide how to deal with you, called rescue crisis."
175877423,I just got my injection too. On my way home now.
175877424,Vaccines are good. Take it if you are lucky to get it.
175877425,"Nope, when I lost weight and switched meds I got to keep the boobs lol! Be careful… one week shouldn’t do much, though. Took me months…"
175877426,20210124_0842311542×1283 585 KB
175877427,"What’s on the menu, waiter? Doing nothing or Getting Into trouble, sir. _PERSON_ appetit."
175877428,"yeah it happened when I went from 600mg to 700mg seroquel, and then up to 800mg. I’ve been on a stool softener for a while but it stopped working. Yes I get blood tests every other month and there’s nothing to point to any issues with my blood work."
175877429,Looks good! Do you have vr headset man?
175877430,"Kind of related, I think, is sometimes when a muted video is playing, my brain fills in words based on their mouth movements and I can hear it in my ear. It’s really strange."
175877431,wow sounds demanding.
175877432,we might be camping out a few days after the 31'st and into a hotel on the 3th.
175877433,It was the voices paired with the delusions that made me so sick. But with medicine the delusions arent there anymore. So the voices are redundant. Or whatever. They are unimportant.
175877434,Do you know what it wants??
175877435,"sleep in til noon, lay out in the sun, dread the days mail shows up in the mailbox, it’s a lifestyle!"
175877436,You have a nice smile by the way
175877437,Ack I need some of your energy!
174323977,"Today I had leave work again early because I felt unwell. I got a higher dose of Abilify, 880mg. I feel better already and ready to go back into work tomorrow. Just wish one shot was enough. It’s a hassle tracking down my doctor to have another shot authorized in time before it wears off. For some reason he is against giving it every 3 weeks. But I got my paliperidone 3 weeks instead of every 4. Idk I suppose transitioning in psychiatrists is part of the struggle."
174323981,"I just verified on Wikipedia. _PERSON_ Rexulti has the same side effects as Abilify because its a partial dopamine antagonists like Abilify. I avoid partial ones, need full antagonists."
175877438,That would be the dream
175877439,No not today but I did last night.
175877440,I just found myself getting a tolerance to L-theanine really quickly and taking more and more. For me it makes me feel high and I love it.
175877441,"Everybody is offended by everything these days. What is left to talk about? Oh, yeah…the masturbation thread. I forgot."
175877442,Dawhhh thank you:))))
175877443,they are emotional at times and try to cause psychosis too.
175877444,That sounds so great !
175877445,"Boys are Icky, girls have the cooties. Did you know Cogentin lost a massive court case in Sweden for making people pediophiliacs?"
175877446,_AT_MENTION_ has a horse in her life!
175877447,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175877448,I’m hoping to make recovery. Feel fine at the moment.
175877449,yea they came to give the covid shot here at my home too… my gp doc arranged that for me. My gp doc also comes to give me my depot jab at home. It’s good cause i have a hard time going outside.
175877450,Why would life be fair? Of course is not fair.
174323991,What is The Definition of Schizophrenia And Schizoaffective “disorders” to Yuu (???).
175877451,Reading The Bell Jar by _NAME_
175877452,"I spent little more than that on a Toyota and still got the remainder of the 5 year warranty left on it as long as I service it at a main dealer. You can get a lot from them in my country. Worth a check. I had a _NAME_ before, and nothing ever went wrong with it in 5 years I had it."
175877453,I went cold turkey off geodon once. Thought I was going to die. I really don’t know how to explain it
175877454,"It’s an odd thing… to want something so badly, then all the sudden it becomes a real possibility… then the excitement passes and it seems like living in another dimension a little bit. I believe they call that “cold feet” old boy. I totally relate… I’d say it’s worth pushing through. If you can’t face your own nerves how can you expect any potential partners to deal with theirs?"
175877455,Half a bagel and scrambled eggs
175877456,Good song. Your icon is hilarious!
175877457,"Our hearts are with you. Can you be positive that you can get through this to the best of your ability? You said that your tutor, ""He clicks thru the software screens in record speed. I can't look down to take notes and I miss the steps. I've mentioned it...."" I had that in a job once, and my tutor was not nice. So I knew what was going to happen. So, instead of going at her speed, I got a pen and pad, and as soon as she said, ""And step two is..."" I said, let me write down step one. And I wrote down step one. Only then did we go to step two. After that, all I did was go to my notes. Maybe you can tell your tutor, ""I need to write down step one, so don't go to step two."" Are you taking any anti-anxiety medicine? Do you feel like you need it? Do you have a psychiatrist?"
175877458,"I can to a point, actually. That’s the benefit of being med-compliant and stable. I have a support system for when I cross that line."
175877459,Bad idea…really bad idea
175877460,You’re going to do what it takes to feel better. You’re going to help so many people when you get better. You’re en route to improving your quality of life; things are going to be amazing!
175877461,Oh don’t cry _AT_MENTION_ . Did you manage to get into respite?
175877462,image732×600 83.5 KB
175877463,Yup I think I’m a bit hypomanic. I’m still sleeping a good amount so I’m not full blown but I’m hyper and excited and having some racing thoughts and weird thoughts. Hahahaha just in time to see my doctor tomorrow. At least I’m not depressed anymore amirite.
175877464,https://kresserinstitute.com/treating-methylation-supplementing/
175877465,I use it a bit as a reward intermittently during day and also use outlet for things no one wants to talk about and that I don’t discuss with others bc they won’t under understand. I do that when I am completely stuck bc it is somewhat productive to be on here while I am stuck in the morning. But my brain gets tired and I have to take breaks. This is helpful for me. But I understand where you are coming from. I will try that
175877466,Strange for them not to have staff be an overwhelming presence! I wonder what they’re intent was!
175877467,"I think 50mg depletes my dopamine. 40mg doesn't. Taking an extra 10mg every day takes more dopamine every day from my brain than what it can regenerate. That's what I think... It lasts ~9 hours and the wakefulness lasts 14 hours or so.. If I take 100mg, I crash and fall asleep after 9 hours anyways. It's strange. I wanted to increase it to 60mg if I couldn't have a 5-10mg Dexedrine at the end of the day but that's basically running the engine without oil or coolant."
175877468,when i weight my food before i eat sometime scale there is too much food and give me low grams so i had to increase food to reach the grams i want should i believe there is conspiracy want to make me fat ? i know if i calibarate it it will be doing right so what is the problem is it conspiracy ?
174323993,"Sorry to hear, i dont have them in a degree that i have to take medicine (i have to take medicine for depression, negative symptoms ). Try to tell your self that it’s just your mind playing games with you, or try to be absorbed by something else. Or you can try the mindful method - just let the feelings and thoughts stay in your mind, without reacting to their impulses… It worked for my anxiety."
175877469,"Hey- I might, but I’ll be okay. My therapist called me the other day and said that it could even take 20 years for me to overcome my self-_USER_ID_ because it has been ingrained in me over the years so strongly. I don’t expect it to be solved overnight."
175877470,I don’t get restlessness on Geodon but maybe that’s just me. Invega didn’t make me restless either
175877471,You’ll make yourself look pompous and stupid.
175877472,It is 2:50 am where I live.
175877473,"Yes it does. I think I was the one that told you about that. It gives motivation, clarity, longer attention span, and energy, as well as, smoothing out your moods."
175877474,Possible trigger: Sometimes I get intrusive thoughts around knives. Why are our brains so dumb. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175877475,I once spotted a forum member IRL. No jokes. I told them where I had seen them and they couldnt believe it lol. We laughed about it though and they were very chilled about it. What a small world though
175877476,I walked a mile ran a mile and worked out 30 mins doing back and shoulders on my bowflex this morning. I might walk 2 more miles this evening
175877477,"I can’t tell if you’re joking or not… but if you aren’t, you are severely delusional and need to get help."
175877478,"the only normies i hang out with are older family. they talk about things that don’t interest me like home improvements, i swear i could be a carpenter if i only listened to them. that and they tell stories. i can only hang out for like a couple hours with normies at a time. i guess i wonder what it would be like hanging out with all my old friends my age, but i don’t think i would like them as much as serious career oriented adults, things are different now."
175877479,They’re independent.
175877480,I remembered information every time it popped up in whatever I read. Between those ages. It just so happened that I found the information was commonly associated to persons active in the fields I took an interest in.
175877481,"Thanks,you can see that I’m always keen on something new and refreshing like your music! Sorry for not seeing your post earlier,personal problems."
174323988,"I am unhappy with the meds I am taking. I want to cut them out. Sure some people are on more, but this just is getting silly now. I feel over-medicated Currently I take 800mg Amisulpride 10mg Diazepam 10mg Procyclidine 5mg Aripiprazole 300mg Pregabalin"
175877482,"I’m not a huge fan of the Chinese govt because human rights. I bear no ill will towards Chinese people, they are the first to be victimized by the aforementioned. Racists suck."
175877483,I overcame my issues without diet or exorcise; in fact allowing myself my hedonistic habits without self-judgement helped me overcome anxiety enough to begin naturally moderating my bad habits. Drill-Sergeanting yourself is definitely not the way to go when you’ve got so much on your plate already. HOWEVER often times when the mind plays up it’s because the body is suffering in some way so being fit with a good diet from the start would go a long way in helping. Also; per your email; (not sure if the notice was referring to two different topics) I can’t speak with the dead - those who believe they do I think are telepathically picking up that information from the deceaseds’ love-ones they are interviewing.
175877484,I understand. But I could’ve sworn you said that it helped lift your mood. Did that happen the entire time you were taking it? Did your mood go back to where it was after you stopped?
174324001,Just saw a commercial for a schizophrenic med called Caplyta. Anyone try it?
175877485,You just got to hang in there _AT_MENTION_ . You are still withdrawing from the lithium. Its for manic-depression. Wouldn’t it be nice if it would go to a happy feeling when you were done with it? You are doing the right thing by talking about it. Is it time to see your doctor? Try singing even if you don’t feel like it or put something inspirational on to listen to. Is anybody home? try walking a bit>>>
174323983,I see. I experienced the second mentioned problems on resperidal. Your psychiatrist should know what’s going on. Is it possible for you to get a second opinion? Because what’s happening does not seem right.
175877486,I’m feeling an impending doom fear… Hell. Like in the sense that my mental energy lives on in a hellish fashion perhaps psychotic. When I die. What to do about this torture to my peace of mind?
175877487,Just awful . I understand the fear of “relinquishing control” of your wife’s care. No one can do it like you can Just keep in mind that YOU are important too. Almost as good care will be okay for the short term until you’re back to 100%.
175877488,Ye it doesn’t work I feel like I’m stupid bc I hide from them
175877489,"“The pen is mightier than the sword.” I heard that it is possible by starting a trend or movement on Twitter, for example. Or online petition."
175877490,"See? There you go, again… being wonderful."
175877491,I volunteered last summer at an animal shelter. But I was volunteering with my partner’s little sister. She only wanted to work with the dogs. I preferred the cats. One of the dogs she wanted to walk got out. Ever since that happened I was scared to walk the dogs. But my partners little sistsr was allowed to adopt a dog and suddenly she didnt want to back to the shelter. I want to volunteer at the no kill cat shelter
175877492,I need to wash my clothes too. It always piles up loads before I get round to doing it Also my bin is overflowing in tissue and paper really bad.
175877493,I can’t remember but my counselor miss diagnosed me.
175877494,How many times are you going to post the same topic over and over again? How many times do you need to be told that it’s a delusion? I can’t tell if you’re trolling or not.
175877495,Yes unfortunately. Love is pain.
175877496,I hope it works out!
175877497,"I talked to my therapist on Monday. He told me to stop looking up psychology topics. I think I've been going a bit overboard with how I apply them to myself, but some of them are valid, i just shouldn't worry about them because I'm mostly past them, and it's all in hingsight now, but knowing them, being able to point at them, acknowledging now what caused them is also therapeutic."
175877498,My parents are receiving all my disability money in their bank account bcz I will spend it all in one day. I am scared of having money in my bank account.
175877499,"Today morning i woke up early & went for a ride on my bike it was mesmerizing …there’s a bracing chill in the air,the leafs are falling & i was taking a round about near her house & i saw her…the gentle touch of the sunlight on her face, she was glowing…so sweet so beautiful… Then there was little girl selling flowers on the street,i went there & bought me a rose…& i told her to give this rose to her …then that little girl without asking any question she went there & gave her my rose & she was smiling & that was enough for me to start my day… And after that i came back home with a little tinge of sadness…but all in all I am happy to know that she exists & that’s enough for me…"
174324002,And sorry for the long posts… I am always worse in the nights… I still am scared to piss the others but I’ll work on those things…
175877500,I feel pathetic that I spend so much time doing very unproductive things.
175877501,"Seeing I have insufficient insight into my illness (if my own polls are to be believed), I could do at least with some clarity. Clear guidelines if possible would be nice. Thanks. PS. This is not meant to be a pro or anti simulation thread, just an attempt to know at which point we might be crossing the line."
175877502,"You’re looking in good shape, and nice tan…"
175877503,Hahahahaha I just read them omg people are so stupid. We’re special intolerant snowflakes but they get triggered by two men holding hands.
174323994,"I take it at 9pm as it makes me sleepy since I quit coffee. Also on that point, I’d completely recommend giving up coffee for about 2 weeks as a test just to see if it’s causing unnecessary anxiety when combined with abilify. My abilify anxiety really dropped after I quit coffee. What dose are you on ?"
175877504,"Watching this documentary series by PBS called Native America, it's really good"
175877505,Hope you’re okay _AT_MENTION_ .
175877506,It’s hard to tell.
174323995,"I don’t even know why. I wouldn’t call myself a loser in high school but I was not far from it. I was pathologically shy starting right around 7th grade. I pretty much put the walls up and cut myself off from people with occasional exceptions. I had two or three friends in 4 years of high school. I embarrassed myself by clamming up around cool people who I wanted to impress. I went out for soccer one year but I didn’t get into all the games. In fact, usually the only time I played was if there was one minute left in the game and we were ahead by 1000 to 1. Then the coach might put me in. I sold pot my senior year, I was known a little for that. But I rarely talked but now for some impossible reason I’m 58 years old, (diagnosed when I was 19) and I’m looking back at being employed for the past 30 odd years. I’ve almost always had a car. Being a drug addict for four years is not something I set out to be but at least, as my dad told me, I got to “live in the fast lane” for awhile. And 
now I’m clean. But I don’t know how I’ve done anything. I’m usually no leader for sure. I’ve always been odd man out for most of my life. Never fit in. Average looking, average strength. I’m smart I guess, I almost have my degree. But at jobs if the ask you to do something you don’t say “no” you just do it. So I drove a dump truck at my first job out of the hospital, I unloaded trucks for years when I was in my early thirties and outworked all the teen agers and twenty somethings. I was about the only worker who didn’t drive the forklift though for quite awhile but I finally got on and taught myself. I was even a park ranger for two years. If I have to do something I just do it. I guess I’m a testament for perseverance and not giving up. And I’ll save all the fun and many fun experiences and places I’ve been for another post."
175877507,Well done! 151515
175877508,"Yes. Whenever there is a political occurrence, I say “Yeah, but will this resonate with _NAME_ and _NAME_?” In other words, will the everyday casual voters care about this issue? I think on some level, _PERSON_ and I have become complacent with each other in our marriage. It’s not the end of the world, just something I noted in my poem."
175877509,euronews – 27 Mar 20 Coronavirus in France: healthy 16 year-old dies of COVID-19 Teenager _NAME_ A_PERSON_ became France's youngest patient to die after contracting COVID-19. This thing is just russian roulette.
175877510,Wearing a watch Is not for me For there is nowhere pressing I have to be
175877511,But the OP is suggesting that anyone who has genes likely to cause SZ should never be born in the first place. Where is the line drawn here? Who gets to decide? When does it become the same thing when we have ‘designer babies’?
174324005,"Last night my students were still doing extra credit presentations in my lecture periods, and one student gave a great presentation on schizophrenia. I’ve had a few students do schizophrenia as their presentation topic in the past, but last night was the first time I saw a student break things down into positive, negative and cognitive symptoms. Usually when students do schizophrenia as their topic the only symptoms they really talk about are delusions and hallucinations, oversimplifying the illness. This student who did the great presentation last night revealed to the class that he has schizophrenia. He said that he talked about it, revealing his diagnosis, because there’s so much _USER_ID_ surrounding the illness, and he wanted to fight that _USER_ID_ and show his classmates that people with schizophrenia are regular people. But yeah, I was very impressed."
175877512,sorry you are sick…a trip to the hospital will help things so you aren’t so upset.
175877513,"Ok, I respect that you dont want to talk about them. But did you have homicidal thoughts?"
175877514,"Update here, I am feeling very tired. Don’t know if it is the inositol (which is one of the side effects) or if it was the driving I have done all day (UBER Driver.) One thing I have also noticed. People have been talking about adrenal fatigue which, for me, the symptomes are pretty common on a daily basis. Anyone experimented on themselves to see what would make them more alert through the day without being manic?"
175877515,"Religion, sorry"
175877516,Welcome to this forum. Yes I’m still hoping that I rise and not fall again with psychosis. Although I’m prepared and accepted that I may continually rise and fall. Acceptance is key. For me. Changing my expectations of life or else I’ll go insane.
175877517,_NAME_ Died?.
175877518,Do _PERSON_ have nightmares on it?
175877519,"supportive, supportive, supportive. _NAME_, a nice older lady colors to help along the time. its quite popular,"
175877520,"i hope you find good new therapist =) personally i don’t want a therapist, i tried going once but i don’t think it will really help me. I have some traumas, yea, but i don’t think they can do anything about it and i’m doing my best by myself."
175877521,Do the Romanis come from Hungary? My niece’s father has Hungarian ancestry and she claims to be part Romani.
175877522,"I agree, I was having symptoms for a few hours before my next lot of medication in the morning. After some troubleshooting with the pdoc, I ended up on double the dose, but taking the other half in the afternoon. It made a world of difference. There is a DNA test you can get that tells the pdoc which aps you will metabolise faster than others, so they can tell if you need them more often or a different one. If I find more details I’ll post them later."
175877523,"That’s too far, MS and SZ are different diseases. Anyways supplements only have a tiny effect on SZ unlike meds. That’s what my psychiatrist said and that they’re not extensivley proved in science. I tried tons of supplements and none helped."
175877524,"Medication initially helped with my positive symptoms of psychosis and delusions. But, with time, my current medication Abilify has helped also with the negative symptoms. It has taken time, much time though. I kept going off my medication and returning to psychosis about 7 times. I went to the hospital each time. Now, I am older and sick of hospitals. My goal is to stay out of the hospital now if I can help it. I think for me being compliant for over three years has made a big difference in my outcome. Abilify has definitely aided in overcoming the negative symptoms but still has not been 100 percent effective. I say this because I still have problems doing self-care and self-maintenance. I eat at times healthy then at times rather unhealthy. I also don’t care about my appearance at times. Is this laziness or avolition? I don’t know, you tell me. Overall, I’m doing much better but don’t fool myself into believing I’m totally fine. I’m not! I suffer from obsessive thoughts and anxiety, 
but I attribute this to stress I’ve incurred from working and being on my own. Life is ok and has improved dramatically for me since I’ve been compliant. Now, the trick is to remain compliant and healthy."
175877525,"I’ve got to remember that whatever delusions I have about internet forums, I am here to look after myself and recover."
175877526,"I used to be truck driver, i love that job, traveling country was so awesome. I really enjoyed it. It was fun and exciting i want to do it again."
175877527,"I ask my self that question.what the guy the top comment said.paying attention saves your life.thats the issues problems i have in life.i dont pay attention.i waste my life playing video games,spending time on intenet too much.i have to change."
175877528,I shouldn’t be this tired all the time
175877529,Fish oil is good to have a beautiful skin.
174323996,"You win some , you lose some. You can’t win 'em all. You are good at something, you just have to find out what it is. When you are schizophrenic you have to make adjustments and compromise more than the average person. I felt like giving up in the beginning, in fact the first two years I was sick I really didn’t accomplish anything except if you count that my family included me in many of the things they did and the places they went. And I had no close friends in the group home or the hospital but some people liked me and we talked and other people were friendly to me and I was friendly back. Not a whole lot of people though. But anyways, yeah from ages 19-21 I saw no real future or had any real goals. But once I got out of the hospital, I did what they told me and took my medication and saw the shrink regularly and soon I became employed at age 23 and have stayed employed almost steadily since then. Now at age 59 I’m looking back on working almost 40 years, I attended college for years, I’
ve had cars, money every now and then. But my jobs weren’t being a lawyer or a doctor or a businessman. I had to adjust and I unloaded trucks, and became a park ranger for a couple years, and stocked shelves and did other labor jobs. I didn’t make great money but I made enough to buy CD’s, nice clothes, maintain a car, and buy a few luxuries along the way. Maybe work ain’t your thing, but maybe something else is. Hell, get creative. I took a karate class when I was about 24 or 25. That’s creative! Once, my sister dragged me to a square dancing class! I couldn’t dance worth a damn but I stayed the whole two hours. I used play volleyball at a bar when my sister and her ex-husband took me along. It’s a weird world, “A great big world with lots of places to run to”. RIP _NAME_. But there’s activities you might be good at. You already know what you aren’t good at, now forget about them and spend your energy on finding things you are good at. You don’t even have to be great at them. Find som
ething you are mediocre at and do it, it’s better than nothing."
175877530,I dislike all politicians.
175877531,"Feelings of failure are a symptom of depression. The Beck Depression Inventory lists about 20 beliefs, feelings or sensations that are symptoms of depression."
175877532,Just the clozapine i think
175877533,"Same shrink, 11yrs. Am due, more -so he of long service leave! However I utulize his Services strictly PRN these days. HT Unless in crisis etc. Good stuff on some stability happening. Keep strong. HT ????"
175877534,I feel like electrical pulses in my body idk what’s wrong
175877535,I’m successful as far as being stable on my meds. I also lost nearly 10 pounds since January.
175877536,Do you get treated for depression?
175877538,Go visit my masseuse. Read more out of my Spanish language novel. Do a bit of housework. It’s time.
175877539,Maybe a cup of tea with Sugar?
174324008,"Yeah but, you meet some of the nicest people here."
175877540,I get my meds from a nursing service. They come twice a day since 2017 to me. Sometimes I have to go and pick up my meds from the pharmacy. I get the recipe from the nursing service too. The phaarmacy is just ten minutes away. I do not have my meds at home besides when I have to go for them.
175877541,Oh bother …
175877542,"I get worried about my dad as well. He had colon cancer 3 years ago and his stomach is all cut up. He has a hernia and I know that people can die from hernias. He's overweight and still working in Mexico. I don't think he'd survive COVID because he's had pneumonia before. Apparently there's scar tissue in his lungs or something. My mom has a very severe heart condition and breast cancer last year - So far it hasn't spread. My mom had to go to the ER last year and get steroids because she couldn't breath due to the flu - She has some type of asthma. I get worried going for a hike tomorrow because last year, my mom did collapse on the kitchen floor and told me to call 911, then she was fine because her beta blocker kicked in. I have to remind her to take her beta blocker twice a day. It's normal to worry about people that are old - But don't get too much anxiety about it it's ok to be sad. Very normal. I used to have bad OCD about my parents dying which made me cry and that was years ago. They're sti
ll alive and we have to live in the moment and enjoy every bit of it. We can try to help but theres some things that are out of our control."
175877543,I resonate with this quite a bit. I too have had extreme pain dealt to me from higher entities. It makes the experience that much more real. In fact it made me believe in the voices that they where real because something physical is happening too. Like it was proof those things were real and had power over me. It is a horrible thing to go through and its sucks. But your not alone! It’s happened to me too.
174324006,When I think of low functioning I think of a guy that walks around my town who speaks to himself makes these bizarre hand movements and hasn’t seemed to have washed in a long long time. Very poor self care due to positive symptoms and negative symptoms. It’s just how I view it
175877544,"I don’t know what she’d say to that, lol."
175877545,"Well if it’s the meds, hopefully i will adjust to them and won’t have a problem anymore."
175877546,"Uh, well, ignore that. Mine have given me countless dates for the end of the world, alien colonization, etc. They’ve blown every one. That’s because they’re bogus. Stop paying attention to them and start enjoying your life."
174324003,"Sorry if I sound flippant, but why on earth do you think the _NAME_ have any form of interest in you? I’m genuinely intrigued. I suppose I’m just trying to understand your line of thinking. Why are you so special? Don’t suppose gasp it could possibly be its because your schizophrenic!? Must be distressing for you, but surely using a bit of simple logic, you realise the absurdity of it?"
175877547,"My first psychosis was very close to just reliving trauma in a metaphoric way. In the years all sorts of experiences, especially movies and books and things i read on the internet, but also traumatic experiences, entered the “story line” of my psychoses."
175877548,Why you did overdose?
174324007,Well at least you don’t have as much anxiety. I bet you’re thankful for that. I hope the 5 mg does what you need.
175877549,They ‘‘the’’ FDA will decide if its a go or not on 27th December or before.
175877550,The cheapest homes in sf are about a million
175877551,"Anyone taking this med? If so, how are things going regarding your condition and side effects? I’m gonna talk to my psychiatrist about it next visit. I’ve had a lot of weight gain on my current med and apparently you can lose weight on Caplyta."
175877552,I think it’s fine....
175877553,"Not really, just have to like that type of music and care about the background of the music."
175877554,It’s hard to not be getting good sleep. It affects so many things! How will you manage stress?
175877555,"Don’t give up and more importantly continue to take your meds. Ask your psychiatrist about your issues, maybe you need higher dose antipsychotic."
175877556,_AT_MENTION_ - thanks man
175877557,"Well there’s 3 known sexes? Male, female or hermaphrodite. There’s different theories/debates on gender which is a whole different story. You asked which sex are you. But then said gender which might confuse some people. In one of my classes my teacher claimed that your “sex” is the only thing that is 100% nature and 0% nurture. Whether you have an xx or xy chromosomes or xxy=hermaphrodite?? I was proud of myself cuz people were throwing up all kinds of thing for “your nature” and I raised my hand and said “sex” and she said it was the only correct answer."
175877558,my family that’s it that’s the people I trust with my life I trust no one else nor am I fond of people I tolerate others but That doesn’t mean I am a people person
175877559,"I think you are having an identity crisis…now that you aren’t looking after your daughter anymore you feel empty I bet…am I right? you need hope…a new hobby…a new painting in your life…pretty flowers, a _USER_ID_ or sunrise…what gives you hope…? If you have even a small answer of hope you can build on that and I will help you…PM me if you want to talk…I am here for you."
175877560,"Be yourself. If that doesn’t work try being someone else. Now seriously, keep it fun and games at first, especially if you’re not clear about how far you want things to go. I know it sounds cynical, but most heterosexual women, despite their protests to the contrary, have no time for puppy-eyed insecure men. Love can be a cruel business."
175877561,I shoveled a path for my daughter for when she gets off the bus.
175877562,let’s get physical…physical…let me hear your body talk…your body talk…
174324014,"I was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder in 2005 after many misdiagnoses as bipolar and even ADHD. Right around the time of my correct diagnosis I developed the negative symptoms. These were very difficult to deal with. I was very dull and sleeping 13-14 hours of the day. I started meditating in 2014 and since then my negative symptoms have almost gone away. I’d say they are about 80% gone. I am not religious (which means I do not have any belief system) but have been interested in Zen philosophy for many years. When I finally took up meditation, I just though it would help my anxiety and concentration - both of which were giving me an immense amount of trouble. The meditation has helped in all these parameters, and even my dose of anti psychotic has been reduced. I was on 10 mg of Abilify when I started the meditation. Now I’m on 5 mg. My psychiatrist says that at this pace I could very well go down to 2.5 mg. The meditation has helped every facet of my life and I’m slowly putting it ba
ck together. I highly recommend it. I practice 2 kinds of meditation: Oshos No Mind (which is a deeply cathartic meditation) and Zen Shikantaza."
175877563,Stress affects people with schizophrenia differently: Strategies for coping with stress and building resilience may provide approaches to prevent schizophrenia -- ScienceDaily what do you think about this ?
175877564,"Hey! After I recover from an episode, I always do some work or school. It helps get my mind off things and I feel better. However many of my jobs last about 3 months too. I just resorted to easier jobs. Right now I’m a peer coach and it’s a easy job. I have disability too and work to supplement income. Have you considered disability?"
175877565,"Congratulations. I know it is a horrible drug that ruins lives and is highly addictive. As one of your online buddies, I am thankful you overcame that addiction and am happy to have conversed with you over the past 3 or four years. Pretty much since the first year I was here, and before that when I lurked on the forums for a couple of years, reading about your experience with schizophrenia while maintaining the awesome sense of humor you have, has taught me that schizophrenia is not the end of the road. Far from it. I know that as a person that overcame addiction, you are a shining example that addiction is not the end of the road either. Those two things achievements alone are inspirational for anyone who is newly diagnosed and not only for them, but for anyone who has wondered what life with schizophrenia can be like down the road. Sure my life drastically changed with the diagnosis but because of people like you, now I personally know it is not the end of it. (I was going to throw in a joke abou
t you being an old timer, you know, the “over 20 years with schizophrenia but still kicking” type of joke but heck, it’s 2020 and i’m not getting any younger. [And quite honestly, it is not a bad thing to hear that, I want to be kicking after 20 years of schizophrenia too {eventually}]) All that, and I can still have a sense of humor. You reminded me of that too."
175877566,"Like a 20 something woman. I call her “vicky”. Talks to me like im a ruddy baby. Only turns up when ive smoked the green, or the jabs wearing off."
175877567,May be an image of rose and text526×935 45 KB
175877568,No one will don’t give up hope.
175877569,You can say that you were at university.
175877570,Do you feel in control of the second train of thought or does it do its own thing?
175877571,"What are some high-potency antipsychotics with minimal side effects? I’m looking to come off of the Invega Sustenna and the Invega oral due to the fact it’s causing TD. I went off of it before and the TD temporarily went away. I tried Ability, but that didn’t work."
175877572,"I saw my therapist today. He emailed a referral to a pdoc he works with . So I hope I can see her. He wrote all my diagnoses down and it was a lot lol, I said shes gonna see that and say NOPE! he laughed n said no. We had a light session because last week I got super triggered and shut down and he asked me to stay in his office while he did his next session in another room. He asked me to stay til he got back. I've been really struggling since then, hes called to check in with me a couple times . But I'm feeling better today so hoping its passing now ..."
174324015,I’m just curious. Is it easy to get out or is it hard? I had an uncle named _NAME_ he was schizophrenic and he died at 65 in a nursing home. I try really hard to get it together but it’s getting hard to even leave the house to go to a doctors appointment. It takes executive abilities like planning to go to a hospital
174324017,Those are always the best
175877573,"Someone said that 99% of young men masturbate, and the other 1% are liars."
175877574,"I want to call off work tonight. I'm fed up with the BS at work and want an extra day off. They've been scheduling me six days a week, with every Tuesday night off because god forbid people don't get their bread that expires on the 9th for Christmas! So like, I'm talking to my mom, and I'm all, ""oh, hey, I'm going to call off tonight, yolo swag money,"" and she's all, ""but you need to buy Christmas presents for the entire continent of Africa and the lady at McDonald's."" I remember Christmas morning as a child. It was my favorite day of the year, right up there with the last day of school. I was an only child to two loving parents. I got everything I asked for and then some. Now, however, as an adult, one that's paid a criminally low wage, I hate it. I know what I'm getting, there's no surprise. I've had presents come that my mom bought me and I'm all ""me want now,"" and I just take them. This is what's going through my head right now. Except it's the _NAME_ version. I can't find this specific p
art of that recording by itself, so I'll link to the almost equal _PERSON_ version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tb9Hml ... dex=2&t=0s"
175877575,home depot has probably had its best year ever lol
174324024,I’ve been taking it for one year. It’s not bad
175877576,Why would you take excessive amounts? 1000iu is the normal.....
175877577,I have problems concentrating and getting my mind together. It can be difficult to organize and express what i’m thinking. I am better at writing than speaking though.
175877578,"en.m.wikipedia.org Motivated reasoning Motivated reasoning is a phenomenon studied in cognitive science and social psychology that uses emotionally-biased reasoning to produce justifications or make decisions that are most desired rather than those that accurately reflect the evidence, while still reducing cognitive dissonance. In other words, motivated reasoning is the ""tendency to find arguments in favor of conclusions we want to believe to be stronger than arguments for conclusions we do not want to believe"". Motivated reasoning ..."
175877579,Most definately do. The voice that tell me I’m a crackhead can’t be true cause I don’t recall doing drugs. But the religious delusions are pretty much the foundation of all the delusions I’ve been having.
175877580,"Ok. I can see, but then you need to question your intuition if it leads you astray occassionally. I don’t mean stop believing in yourself, but maybe have a slight reservation so you hopefully avoid delusions. For my own part I feel my intuition depends on how I treat myself. If I do activities that undermine my psyche like for example having too much screentime or boozing my intuition fades. I have triggers that clouds my mind."
175877581,"Yeah, thats an example. Sometimes i divide things into, what was it, like i pick a couple concepts and think thats the nature of reality. Maybe im just crazy though when thats happening."
174324019,"That sounds exactly like my device, actually. Mine was probably just more expensive because I bought it in 2006, when the technology was brand new."
174324020,I know one of my friend’s mom who started to hear voice at her early 20’s. She was on antipsychotic for little while but didn’t work well and made her more sick. She is unmediated for 40 years now. She is kind of lose in reality but she is able to live by herself and have a simple job. Her daughter said sometimes she is normal sometimes is not.
175877582,"I am not on antipsychotics, but I have lost 16 pounds."
174324016,"If you talk to god, you’re religious. If God talks back to you, it’s Schizophrenia. I heard it somewhere before, but it may be true. I remember when I was religiously delusional, all my Christian friends looked at me like I was crazy for saying god told me such and such. Apparently even in religion god talking back is not a good sign. So I say it’s the Schizophrenia."
175877583,It’s the whole mindfulness thing. Different ways of intentional breathing help with even minor anxiety.
175877584,"ya we are getting to spend some good time .... we are so used o going out ...and doing things by spending money etc its taking all of us a while to understand and get accustomed to this way of life i guess?,,,its boredom for a teenager like her and to be quite honest me too to a large extent , job and livelihood pressures have made us anxious and stressed all the time such that few days of being static is getting stressfull ..ironic however having said that my daughter and i have made so much music in this break ..is kinda revival of some skills that we always wanted to hone and hopefully making the most right now hope teh whole world comes out stronger , resilient and sensible out of this crisis"
175877585,.
175877586,_AT_MENTION_ As _AT_MENTION_ writes.
175877587,Xeplion is a monthly shot
175877588,Where is the money for the games coming from? I think you can earn money and still keep your ssdi.
175877589,That’s pretty darn awesome.
175877590,"I have this feeling as well, it goes hand in hand with the voices, speacilly when you walk outside, people point phones at you all the time."
175877591,"I Meant, What Type of Flutterbutterby. Different Gentle Wing Breeze Touch Soar And Such."
175877592,Not likely are all.
175877593,The amount required for memory loss is different for everyone. I’m on lithium so I get drunk after a couple.
175877594,"hi _AT_MENTION_ . I accepted I had a psychotic illness when anti-psychotic meds helped. I developed insights into how unwell I was by identifying early warning signs of being unwell: a big pile of dirty clothes on the floor, can’t remember how they got there, felt like I’d lost time talking to myself out loud in public, complete with facial expressions and gesticulating like I’m having a conversation with another person. haven’t brushed my teeth is days & can’t remember when I last did open the fridge and nothing is in there, can’t remember why or when that happened"
175877595,"I really don’t understand what was sexist about my post on nurses, one of my ambitions is to train as a nurse myself. My Scottish cousin was training to be a nurse until she got done for drug possession and domestic violence. I am really upset for her, I was so proud of her choosing such a noble career for herself, and I think it is really cruel of the establishment to prohibit her from pursuing her dreams just because of poor choice of boyfriend. Do people have a problem with the word “nurse”, is it something to do with associations with “breast feeding”, sisters and mother superiors are vital for a working hospital and community. What is wrong with saying this;?; I never said women should become men or vice versa, and have voiced my objections to one begetting one. I really do think more than sexism it is racism, and that is because of someone’s strategy of divide and rule"
175877596,I was paranoid about social problems and would come up with conspiracy plots on a small scale against me. It took about a year and a half before I was really in psychosis. I have a lot of theories before then that I half believed. It was a strange time.
175877597,"Hey, i dont know what to do about it, so dont have good advice. But just wanted to say i read your writings, i empathize and i recognize how annoying and hard it is when moods swing up and down or you feel empty. Hang on! Hope you find good help. Oh…I know my mood is more stable when i eat healthy, with less sugar and caffein. Maybe that also is true for you, dont know. Not in a “miracle cure” kind of way, but it helps."
174324027,"_AT_MENTION_ , My son killed himself while on Invega pills so, no, I don’t like Invega. I’m on Geodon pills, Seroquel pills, and Risperdal Consta injections. I have zero positive symptoms now. Without all of these meds, I’d be very symptomatic."
175877598,_AT_MENTION_ I like this poem.
175877599,You made the right choice Stop doubting Stop the ruminations Look how good you feel Don’t ruin that with paranoid thoughts You’re going to be OK Stay strong You’ve got this
175877600,I’m anxious 24/7 but focus on things that make me happy. Haven’t found a way to get rid of anxiety yet. Think I’m stuck with it. Working on getting to the root of fear so I at least understand it. A lot of fear has to do with not feeling good enough as a person (being left out of the tribe for having no worth to them). I think if I work on my social anxiety every day I can reduce it. That’s good enough for me.
175877601,"One time one of my neighbors started yelling at me (I dont know why), really strange."
175877602,The only thing one can do about that fear is to strengthen our democracy. I think we’ll be ok now.
175877603,"_AT_MENTION_, _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ …im in ireland and google search says i can buy one for around €300 foR an asus and a lenovo"
175877604,I will be too old to care at that point. Good for the next generation.
175877605,I have this tub of instant coffee I’ve been drinking to try to get rid of and I haven’t really been measuring it when I pour it into my cup and apparently I made it really strong today I feel anxious and keep shaking my leg lmao. Oy.
175877606,Routine helps. See your regular doc first then do it every day. It really can make a difference but we are all different. Just do a little bit regularly where you get your heart rate up is usually good.
175877607,Cool cool! I’ve heard of Corinthia. Thanks for trusting me with that info!
174324030,well I am on day three not smoking so it was just a coffee with carnation powdered creamer this morning with a banana…I’m having breakfast for supper…oatmeal with apple and cinnamon…yayyyy…
174324026,"Well, us 37 year olds pick up on other dialects quite well, lol."
175877608,"Meaningless news trigger below; Possible trigger: I stopped meditating hours ago and have been deep in the realms of the internet news. The reddit thing was on the news as well (_PERSON_). I was telling my mom about it all day yesterday and said it would be. Now I'm telling my dad because wallstreetbets are going towards crypto now - Little do/eventually they will know that it is good for them and humanity but they'll have to be educated (As if I am a coder or anything - I barely know about it either) by experts (Because the masses are idiots and need to be directed lol) on which altcoins are good but Ethereum will still become more valuable. The bad thing is that social media will hype this up big time and the government will use it as an excuse to try and put as many restrictions on crypto as they can. I talked to my dad and he said that silver is going to double. My mom said that gold will too maybe. If you google ""Silver price"", articles about reddit pop up. My dad said that understanding it 
is crazy (Cuz he's a boomer) so I'm explaining it to him. Dogecoin, _PERSON_, etc.. I just wanted some peace today but this thing is getting my attention yet again - Which isn't a bad thing. I'm able to keep up to is because of the Invega Trinza injection and definitely because of the olanzepine (Otherwise I'd be having panic attacks). My meds are good. To the moon..."
175877609,"People trying to get me to say things to them like I am immoral and I am a pervert. I hope I will get better at saying things like this is not my doing and I am not at fault. I would give anything to not have panic anxiety attacks like a hundred dollars every time I experience one. I pray that the person in my body will be kind and if they can help me with my anxiety/panic atttacks. It is worse when the voices are mean. I think because of my experiences that people might find my intrusive thoughts nasty or they don’t know people actually think these thoughts and I am not the only one. I need to never suffer from panic anxiety attacks because my intrusive thoughts become worse, and I have people I feel are after me. This morning voices told me that they should put a bomb in my car. I don’t know why they tell me this. They try to trigger feelings of fear an dread. If I did not have intrusive thoughts then I think I would be safe from people wanting and justifying murder."
175877610,Took a shower and got out of pj's. I feel better but kinda dizzy.
175877611,I used to get it my first few years with sza. I’m ashamed to say I was even suspicious of family members. Now I’m once again naive enough to be bamboozled by anyone… no time share presentations for me.
175877612,No.I felt I keep losing out even though I listen to advice from people I need to.Its like I am always struggle
175877613,"Everyone races in five dimensional relativity for different reasons, for me I have always wanted a free car for Christmas since I was a child, I still get paranoid about car ma, a merry car would be nice. Thank you."
175877614,Not as a sub or assistant.
175877615,I’ll get this next time I order _NAME_’s!
174324037,What are the chances that my schizophrenia will go into remission in the next ten years?
175877616,Another vote for trazadone. It worked pretty well for me.
175877617,"Sometimes mild symptoms can’t be treated with meds, you just have to learn how to ignore them and avoid triggers, my family helps. I still have the delusion that everyone is going to heaven afterdeath, it makes me suicidal sometimes but I tell my parents and they help me. Also I can’t watch news, horror and blood video shows, it triggers my psychosis."
175877618,Time feels like it’s going fast to me too.
175877619,Thanks mate!! I will hug a sea turtle for you! S.C.
175877620,I am not sure if it’s the medication or the illness. I forget too what happens symptom wise. Probably for the best. Only problem is I don’t learn.
174324029,"https://onlinelibrary._NAME_.com/doi/abs/10.1002/cpp.2490 Dance/Movement Therapy (DMT) has become an increasingly recognized and used treatment, though primarily used to target psychological and physical wellbeing in individuals with physical, medical, or neurological illnesses. To contribute to the relative lack of literature within the field of DMT for clinical mental health disorders, using a narrative synthesis, we review the scope of recent, controlled studies of DMT in samples with different psychiatric disorders including depression, schizophrenia, autism, and somatoform disorder. A systematic search of electronic databases (PubMed, Science Direct, World of Science, and Clinicaltrials.gov) was conducted to identify studies examining the effects of DMT in psychiatric populations. 15 studies were eligible for inclusion. After reviewing the principal results of the studies, we highlight strengths and weaknesses of this treatment approach and examine the potential efficacy of using bodily moveme
nts as a tool to reduce symptoms. We conclude by placing DMT within the context of contemporary cognitive neuroscience research, drawing out implications of such an orientation for future research, and discussing potential mechanisms by which DMT might reduce psychiatric symptoms. DMT has clear potential as a treatment for a range of conditions and symptoms and thus further research on its utility is warranted."
175877621,"You’re out of line. _AT_MENTION_ thoughtfully answered your question. All of us here are diagnosed, even mods. They’re volunteers. You are the only one with an agenda."
175877622,they admitted me once and i wasnt even psychotic or suicidal
175877623,I can withstand stuff that brings normal people to their knees.
175877624,How to get my doctor to get me therapy?
175877625,Stooges are great. Funhouse is one of my most loved albums
175877626,At some points I can’t understand them… I’ve never want to hurt anyone even on my worst days… But I have had these kinda thoughts since my Wal-_NAME_ days (19 ish is when the Wal-_NAME_ days started) Ps I’m 27 gonna be 28 in April
175877627,It makes me feel better for sure. Better as without a smoke.
175877628,I’m writing down things I’m grateful for everyday in my journal
174324036,"It will get better sure it will, just need to be patient unfortunately and take the meds and get the right combo. You would probably get schizoaffective without the drugs, it just came early because of it."
174324038,"My thought is that antipsychotics are very good for controlling acute psychosis - positive symptoms - for most but not all people. But, I don’t think they do much for the long term course of the disease."
175877629,"If your a nightmare like me re-ordering meds, im sure the chemist will do your repeats for you, as i said earlier. Its a free service."
175877630,"Schizophrenics are like the spiritual equivalent of modern art to the beings overseeing us. It’s just entertainment to them. We can’t accomplish a damned thing without reducing the symptoms to manageable levels. Like get the madness down to just a minimal level. They’ll still watch you if you’re doing something interesting, but most SZ would be lucky to simply pay taxes at some point. Most SZ will just be spiritually left alone once the symptoms are at that level. APs make you more interesting, not less interesting. Being a non-functional zero who thinks a lot isn’t anything. At least with APs you have a chance at living."
175877631,"There's been protesting in big cities. I""m i _NAME_ but I know cincinnati and cleveland ohio are having protesters and rioting. Right now I'm in a part of town where safety can be a concern."
175877632,I avoid eye Contact as to many people misunderstand it for staring. Sometimes when I look to strangers we nod and smile to each other.
175877633,"I really thought i am over it but no, i flipped out again. I through several tantrums around me. At this very present time its like nothing happened. My partner and me repaired everything broken. Like a zengod do i try to quit smoking but i get more and more agitated. Thinking i should flipp out in the shoppingmall. Maybe i get help in a way of a bullet, i would be eternal cured. What should i do ?"
174324040,"I wonder if I lower to 2,mg risperidone if it will be better. Don’t want to risk restlessness from abilify."
174324039,Increase the dose of rexulti you’re on? That would be what I’d do if I were going through that.
175877634,"It is a common feeling to have in a new surrounding. It takes awhile to get used to it. the Guardian – 21 Apr 16 Struggle to sleep in a strange bed? Scientists have uncovered why Just as birds and dolphins stay alert for predators whilst asleep, it seems that half of the human brain may remain similarly watchful in new surroundings"
175877635,awesome thanks for sharing _NAME_!
175877636,22nd: 9 hours 23rd: 10 hours 24th: 10.5 hours 25th: 11 hours =]
175877637,"If you have the entrepreneurial bug, you still need startup capital. Like mid 5 figures at least."
175877638,How cuuuuute they are!
175877639,"I just slept 6 and a half hours today. Ugh. Idk why. I was up in the middle of the night but only 3 hours. Which is shorter than I am usually up for, in the middle of the night. Idk I went to my pdoc appt and went to buy shoes this morning. I came home and ate. And i felt so tired. I thought I'd only nap an hour or two at most. I did take 1 gabapentin but I never seem to fall asleep with it. And some days I take 2 and still dont fall asleep. So idk. I dont think I'm depressed, I think. I have been really worried about the job tho. It's starting to hit me. That I'm hired for it. I'm doubting myself. Not my ability to do it work wise, but energy wise. And today doesnt make me feel anymore confident about it..."
175877640,"I dunno. Just the way our brains are wired I guess. I wish I never would’ve had my first psychosis. My life would be much different now. I’d still be working, probably still have my house, etc. So, i know the feeling."
175877641,Why is ciagrette contain chemical? To be vaping is chemical mixed with nicotine…for cigarette it’s natural.Cigarette kills more then vaping probably because of combustion
175877642,How are you doing bluebird?
175877643,Sounds awesome!
175877644,The “good” houses always give out chocolate
175877645,I noticed a tablet in my med tray that I hadn’t seen before. Since I started taking it I’m wanting more fluids and I’m not pissing as much. It’s a pretty big difference. Does anyone know the name of any pill that does this?
174324032,"Abstract Fulltext Metrics [Get Permission]( https://www.copyright.com/ccc/openurl.do?&issn=1178-2021&WT.mc.id=Dove Medical Press) Authors _PERSON_ , _PERSON_ , _PERSON_ , _PERSON_ PC, _PERSON_ , _PERSON_ Received 15 July 2019 Accepted for publication 26 August 2019 Published 10 September 2019 Volume 2019:15 Pages 2621—2627 DOI https://doi.org/10.2147/NDT.S223278 Checked for plagiarism Yes Review by Single-blind Peer reviewers approved by Dr _NAME_ Peer reviewer comments 2 Editor who approved publication: Dr _PERSON_,1–3 Hsien-Yuan Lane,1,2,4,5,* _PERSON_ _PERSON_,6 _PERSON_,6 _PERSON_,7,8 _PERSON_,4,9,* 1Institute of Clinical Medical Science, China Medical University, Taichung, Taiwan; 2Department of Psychiatry & Brain Disease Research Center, China Medical University Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan; 3An Nan Hospital, China Medical University, Tainan, Taiwan; 4Graduate Institute of Biomedical Sciences, China Medical University, Taichung, Taiwan; 5Department of Psychology, College of Medical and Heal
th Sciences, Asia University, Taichung, Taiwan; 6Biostatistical Consulting Laboratory, Department of Speech Language Pathology and Audiology, National Taipei University of Nursing and Health Sciences, Taipei, Taiwan; 7Department of Psychiatry, Mackay Memorial Hospital Taitung Branch, Taitung, Taiwan; 8Department of Medicine, Mackay Medical College, New Taipei, Taiwan; 9Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Chang Gung University College of Medicine, Kaohsiung, Taiwan *These authors contributed equally to this work Correspondence: Hsien-Yuan Lane Department of Psychiatry, China Medical University Hospital, No. 2, Yuh-Der Road, Taichung 404, Taiwan Email _EMAIL_ Chieh-Hsin Lin Department of Psychiatry, Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, No 123, Dapi Road, Niaosong District, Kaohsiung 833, Taiwan Tel +886 7 731 7123 Ext 8753 Fax +886 7 732 6817 Email _EMAIL_ Background: Numerous studies have demonstrated an association between C-reactive protein (CRP) levels and schizophrenia. However, the findings on psyc
hotic severity and cognition remain inconsistent. The relationship between CRP and formal thought disorder in subdomains remains unclear. Methods: We enrolled stable patients (defined as those who had no treatment changes during the 4-week period before evaluation) with a diagnosis of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , Fifth Edition. We used the 30-item Thought and Language Disorder (TALD) scale to evaluate thought and language dysfunction over four subscales. We assessed psychotic symptoms using the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). We collected fasting venous blood and measured plasma CRP levels. Results: We enrolled 60 patients with schizophrenia. All patients received TALD and PANSS evaluation, and 33 of them had their CRP levels checked. The multivariate regression analysis indicated that CRP levels were significantly associated with the total score on the TALD (t=2.757, P =0.010) and the TALD Objective Positive 
subscale (t=2.749, P =0.011), after sex, age, duration of illness (in years), and use of atypical antipsychotics were adjusted for. Additionally, CRP was significantly associated with the PANSS positive subscale (t=2.102, P =0.045). A significantly positive correlation was observed between the total scores on the TALD scale and PANSS (? =0.751, P <0.001). Conclusion: Our results suggest that abnormal CRP levels are significantly associated with formal thought and language dysfunction in the Objective Positive subdomain and positive psychotic symptoms. Keywords: C-reactive protein, formal thought disorder, schizophrenia This work is published and licensed by Dove Medical Press Limited. The full terms of this license are available at https://www.dovepress.com/terms.php and incorporate the Creative Commons Attribution - Non Commercial (unported, v3.0) License . By accessing the work you hereby accept the Terms. Non-commercial uses of the work are permitted without any further permission from Dove Medical Press L
imited, provided the work is properly attributed. For permission for commercial use of this work, please see paragraphs 4.2 and 5 of our Terms . Download Article [PDF] View Full Text [HTML][Machine readable] dovepress.com C-reactive protein is associated with severity of thought and language | NDT C-reactive protein is associated with severity of thought and language dysfunction in patients with schizophrenia"
175877646,Me too. I have people in my life but only this community understands what I’m going through
175877647,Asking my psychiatrist about importing it is illegal?
175877648,"Im 1m73. I went from 55-60kg until 2015, to 80kg in 2016-2019 (thank you zyprexa…). Recently i felt real bad, skipped many meals and lost 5kg in 2 weeks. Im now 75kg. BMI is 25.1. I want to be 65kg again. A more healthy way of losing weight than “not eating because im in fear” would be good."
175877649,"Try to detach from it as much as you can. It never pays to take these situations personally. Your aunt and your mom are ill. See if you can get them to accept psychiatric help. If you can’t, just say, “I did everything I could.”"
175877650,"I’m deeply disturbed by recent developments on the forum. How readily many are willing to argue in favour of legalising euthanasia for the mentally ill on grounds of compassion, personal freedom and rational choice, while ignoring the social factors (poverty, lack of community support, _USER_ID_ both on account of the disease and of receiving benefits and, of course, the disease itself) that shape that not-so-personal decision. Not to say on the contradictions it throws in our conceptualisation and responses to suicide and suicidal behaviour. As expected, my post yesterday attracted the customary flags and subsequent ban. Technically speaking the post didn’t breach any community guidelines -as far as I know there is no ban on satire or arguments adopting the form of a reductio ad absurdum (whose role is show the absurdity of a proposal when pushed to its logical extreme). However, my post was obviously offensive to some. Why? Three reasons spring to mind: 1. The ironical intent of the post was 
not understood or the rhetorical strategy adopted to express it was considered wanting. 2. The intent of the post was understood, but the message (the contradictions of the pro-euthanasia position) was roundly rejected. 3. In our age of instantly viral moral outrage, the sentence “Mr _PERSON_ claimed to an astonished audience I hate Italians” is considered racist because despite its intention of denouncing Mr _PERSON_’s racism it includes the phrase “I hate Italians”, and therefore the whole sentence must be racist. (Some people are that easily offended). I’d hope this particular post doesn’t get banned because the question needs to be asked: Is it OK for sz.com to normalise pro-euthanasia policies available to the mentally ill?"
175877651,Probably it’s the illness. Try to distract yourself
175877652,I’m going to skip over this one.
174324044,"Yes, i have to take 2.5 mg olanzapine/zyprexa to get some sleep on my 10 mg of abilify."
175877653,Sue the ????_USER_ID_????? Get that paycheck. _USER_ID_: it’s effing effers in case you’re wondering.
175877654,"You’re right, I go one or two times a week but I should go more. It hit me a long time ago that I am so lucky to have my car but I’m not taking advantage of it. I’ve been planning for ages to go up to San _NAME_ and just walk around and maybe have lunch but I keep putting it off."
175877655,"If you haven't noticed by now, This is more for my to talk to myself than to others, so here's some more. I took a lot of time yesterday to look for a support group like someone had suggested. I even told my man I thought about it, and he was so supportive, trying to tell me how he thought maybe it's help. So why was it so hard to even join? I didn't go. I got thinking, my worst enemy, and it scared me I think. Why is it, that someone can know they need help, know they are struggling, know ways that may help. How can someone be self aware, and not fix themselves? Why am I doing this to myself? And then I get going again and in this circle. I can start the idea of getting help with such positivity, I start and I KNOW I am doing what I need. When it comes time, it's like my head gets the better of me. So, I doubt that you took the time to read a girls rants. If you did tho, and you have been through something similar what are some tactics, some mind games, whatever you want to call them."
175877656,"anxiety is gone now, thankfully"
175877657,Yes I have been classed like this. You never live it down. The healthcare people throw you in hospital really quickly if you have a history of being a disruptive schizo.
175877658,"Yes, it can get worse. You feel bad (partly) because you went too fast. I did the same, it was stupid. Only when i went incredibly slow, taking years even, i managed to really reduce meds without extreme rebound effects. Going too fast can cost you time, because it can cause relapse and reinstatement on a higher dose, and you will have to start anew. It can also cost you more valuable things than time. I hope you take good care of yourself."
175877659,"I start to wonder where the borderline is between regular depression and psychotic depression. I dont have bizar thoughts. Nothing like previously. But im having thoughts like “I failed at all these things, im a horrible person, i never did anything positive for anyone ever, what if i go to hell, maybe it is better for everyone if i die so they arent touched by my bad influences, i can never be a good person”. A lot of the mistakes i see are (imho) realistic. I start to have some positive thoughts too again and reach out to people. So i hope it is clearing up. And i wont do anything stupid. But…I was wondering…when is it still depression, and when is it delusion? The line seems to be a bit blurry."
175877660,I keep waking up confused and disoriented. It’s like I don’t remember falling asleep and I get confused by the current time. Does anyone else get confused upon waking up?
175877661,My resting heart rate is 73 right now. The average changes. When I'm in the habit of working out it goes to like 65 or so.
174324047,"Daily _PERSON_ – 16 Apr 20 Silver Screen Psychology: While some films explore schizophrenia sensitively,... Mental health is explored extensively in popular media, from unsettling character studies like “Joker” to lighthearted family flicks such as “Inside Out.” But while some portrayals successfully shine a light…"
175877662,Agrophobia doesn’t necessarily mean you’re unstable _AT_MENTION_
175877663,"Does somebody have an idea why I somatize like this? Yeah, my anxiety and my paranoia were to the roof before. As I said it, I have problems thinking too, I remained quite numb for years… I just feel my brain in my head, I focus too much on that area in fact, its some kind of delusion… Idk, it feels like my body now ended up by somatizing while I am trying to be more calm. Maybe its the result from the years of stress… Do you think it will pass?"
175877664,"My sister made the ice cream, it’s a strawberry ice cream with oreos in it."
175877665,I'm slightly addicted to weed now cuz it helps me process my sadness and allows me to DO THINGS
175877666,"Is it possible? Just been wondering about this… Cause I really started to pay more efforts now, but my fears got bigger too. In addition to the related somatics… Maybe I need the 10 mgs now that I start to fight? But I wonder if this ap can cause more fears or even paranoia in his start? It could be the illness too though idk…"
175877667,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_
174324043,I see. Do you like abilify
175877668,I really liked this one good job
175877669,I look normal in my facial reactions. I think I used to have this but when my worst symptoms were going on I didn’t have flat affect and still don’t. Does this mean I don’t have this disease?
175877670,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_, I’ve seen that video before, it’s a bit too martial for my liking, not as philosophical as the teachers I am used to, though I have practiced martial applications in the past as part of my classes. I want to try an incorporate some _PERSON_ into my practice, literally “standing like a post”, a form of standing meditation which is quite physically demanding if done for a long time. I feel this will improve my t’ai ji practice, but it is an added effort and I don’t want to find that I burn out my motivation again. I’ve already been skipping doing the form with my video, and thus rushing through the moves, though that has helped me to refresh my memory. I think I will try doing some _PERSON_ tomorrow and see how it goes. I don’t have to do it every day, perhaps once a week for the time being. I have had a bad habit of when things are going well thinking I’m not doing enough, which can lead to me sabotaging everything that I am doing. I’m just really happy that 
I’m doing some t’ai ji at the moment every morning without trying to do more. Thank you."
175877671,I know what you mean. A clear blue sky really makes a difference.
175877672,I’m not getting noti’s for here
175877673,"I’d consult with your doctor and see what they say. I’ve tried tapering off an AP altogether and even though I did so with my doctor’s permission, I still experienced mood swings that could have launched me into a psychotic episode so I had to resume taking my original dose right away. I hope you can find a doctor-approved solution that helps you feel better. You have my best wishes."
175877674,A pdr literally told me that I am crazy. He said that I am making false connections in my brain. Even if its true I felt insulted.
175877675,I’m 6’2 275lbs I’m overweight. Smoked 12 years and had more than enough to drink…
175877676,I wonder if they had issues with this with other delivery drivers possibly.
175877677,"I’ve read that tracking steps doesn’t work in preventing or treating the most prevalent western diseases like obesity, diabetes, cancer, heart disease, high blood pressure and stroke."
175877678,"i ve seen shadow people but not details on them, juts a shape of a human but shadow formed. it was in 2014 and i got scared very much."
175877679,"You could have been experiencing sleep paralysis, If you feel like you were half asleep, that’s probably what happened."
175877680,I’m shy to tell my psychiatrist that he is an actor. Will he react? As if i insulted him? He will laugh cos he has seen this stuff before 0 voters
175877681,About to pop another Cold Eeze lozenge. I really want to get rid of the new bug I have. Last night I discovered how addicted to high doses of nicotine I've gotten since using disposables at night. It is horrible. I was very stressed out because my meds were 3 hours late and I hadn't gotten any Motrin yesterday and was in a lot of pain. Don't know what I'll do when I run out in 5 or 6 days.
175877682,I have old friends that I dream of sometimes.
175877683,I know when I am more anxious I also get more psychotic. It’s like the two feed off of each other. Is this anxiety/nervousness pretty new?
175877684,Do you have a safe thought to focus your attention on when falling asleep or when trying to relax?
175877685,"Time helps. All kinds of things used to bother me. TV, surfing the web, checking the mail. You can’t escape every trigger but with me it got better with time. The last thing that triggered me was Game of Thrones. People sleeping with their sisters and other crazy stuff. That was too much for me to handle several years ago. I might be able to sit through it now but I don’t want to find out. I used to avoid the news like the plague but I watch it every now and then now. Watching the Corona virus news didn’t bother me at all but all the crazy stuff going on in the world still does."
175877686,_PERSON_ I know but its my only remaining hope as I would rather die than being on Abilify/Rexulti again.
175877687,"Sorry, had some issues with the drums so I gotta reupload lol. Sorry if thats annoying. Check it out, did some tweaking on the master! Also, still looking for a singer if anyone is interested"
175877688,"I don’t have a thought disorder and I have sz, my therapist was always trying to manipulate my thoughts until recently she just let me have peace in my head. I feel like she was doing it on purpose because I was non compliant and wanted me to go psychotic. With your new therapist I would write out something that introduces you so she doesn’t make any assumptions. County places, they don’t know who they are dealing with. And I was treated poorly at first, I felt like I was being sucked up and my whole personality would change. I couldn’t follow her and it didn’t feel natural that’s why I say she was condescending too, it’s like she hated me. Now she changed."
175877689,Twinning!!! 485
175877690,Hoping it was the med and not because I had my hubby’s support all weekend since he was off work and he cues me a lot with tasks.
174324045,"Need to force myself to do anything even eating food, going to bed, get out from bed etc. But the glad part is once i push myself to it and start doing it for some time then interest quickly builds up and then it becomes so hard to do some other or stop doing it. Its the initial pushup most challenging and it not come automatically like before."
175877691,"Yah it’s a pain to be ill. But have come to accept it, work against it, and get a little better. Thanks to the lord."
175877692,"Thanks. Sorry for such things happening to you. Good that you worked through it. It took me years after SAYING i forgive you to actually forgive, as well. I think i might just write a note. Or let it be. I will think about it well."
175877693,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ …
175877694,"What he was probably getting at, but wasn’t aware of it, was adrenaline releases endorphins. Working out also releases endorohins, And is the more reasonable approach to feeling good. So, I’ve found that at my ripe old age of 38 (lol), I’m not able to take risks like I used to. So most of my workouts are done at the gym and at home on my exercise bike. I will go out on my regular bicycle though (which is adrenaline AND a natural release of enorphins) from time to time. But my rides are more for recreation than speed/adrenaline. _AT_MENTION_ gets his ‘kicks’ lifting weights. Lifting doesn’t work for me tho, so everyone is different. Just my $.02 _USER_ID_: endorphins are chemicals in your brain that when released are ‘the natural high.’ You just gotta find your new drug of choice. For me it’s cycling, and others it may be rowing/running/lifting. This can be confusing, but LMK if you need something explained/clarified"
175877695,"My mom has been on Oxycontin for 25 years and has never abused it. She has exactly enough to get through every month and the one time she lost some it was hell to get replacements.’ As far as your situation is concerned, she’ll punish herself if she takes more than her dose by running out early for the month. Withdrawal coupled with unmedicated pain can drive a person crazy."
175877696,I think its more someone giving the key to the secret the hardest part if you will and for that someone shuld be greatful. There is no hand holding and you have got to grow a pair of balls. Have you spoken to your psychiatrist about laziness chordy?
175877697,My case fits into the latter category.
175877698,"I puke mine sometimes - when I lie down in bed, and whoosh acid reflux does me right in the back of the throat. Thats why i only take the night meds now with a pint of milk. Nightmare when it happens. Ive got shares in Omaprazole, cos i buy packets of them."
175877699,"I work as a translator. I don’t know, I just feel really ill today- I overworked yesterday and I’m in massive pain."
174324057,"I’m stable on clozapine since 7 years. I fast every afternoon - only water, no tea or coffee. I follow a semi vegan diet and low carb diet, I have stopped all kinds of sugar and dairy. It helps. Initially i gained alot of weight due to sugar cravings. Then it went away - now I just crave food in general. I have lost 20 kg so far by still being on clozapine. I stopped waking up middle of the nigh to eat food. I started lexapro recently and now im waking up middle of the night to eat food like rat. But i eat cheese slices instead and go back to sleep."
175877700,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Great to hear xx
175877701,"oops apologies....I (_PERSON_) didn't know this had been posted. One of my alters tends to come out in very 'angry rant' mode every now and again, usually at certain times of the month if you know what I mean! Our posts usually only appear on the DID forums, (I'm usually the alter that writes them) but they knew I'd see it straight away and delete it if they posted on there! BTW none of the alters have 'suicidal thoughts' but the one who wrote this can be a bit of a drama queen and is obviously feeling ignored by the system, she does it so the entire system's attention is focused on her for a while! once again apologies and feel free to delete it. Looks like i'll have to start checking the whole site to see if there's anymore! _PERSON_"
175877702,"I wanted to wait till tomorrow to post my weekly effort but here it is. Screenshot_20210318_081733_com.huawei.health1080×2340 125 KB I found this one interesting, this is just casually, not bringing my Phone everywhere when i walk still over 10k a Day 3 months in a row. Screenshot_20210318_081906_com.huawei.health1080×2340 123 KB"
175877703,They punish me by telling me my family is going to hell had give me bad feelings in my body
175877704,I think I do. I think it’s not psychosis but hypochondriasis instead
174324055,"No more lithium. My current cocktail is clozapine, zoloft and lamotrigine. It seems like a good mix"
175877705,"Yes, tv talks to me in code every time I turn it on"
175877706,I smoke a few a day. Mostly vape salt nic nowadays
175877707,We used to have Bernese mountain dogs. Loved them.
175877708,Is that a even a thing?
175877709,Sarcosine helped me a lot
175877710,"Right now my life revolves around my boyfriend, video games, and my pets, so I’d say it’s pretty simple. I do have a job and an AP change to look forward to, though."
175877711,"it is hard to think of just one musician… i mean i used to listen to _PERSON_ a lot but the phase went past. and i associate it with a sad time in my life so i dont listen to it much atm. most musicians i like like 3 of their songs and that is it. i have a low tolerance for enjoying songs lol. might be because of my mood at this current phase in my life. like if i was in a chirpier mood, my tolerance for enjoying different songs goes up, do you know what i mean?"
175877712,Coffee and Hostess cupcakes
175877713,"I have a psychiatrist who I see every 3 months. Therapy was through Covid, and all on the phone pretty much. Now I have had the sessions that’s it. Have a case worker, but he doesn’t listen to me at all, and doesn’t do what he says he’s going to do. All I have now is meds. Here in the UK I think a private pdoc appointment is about £350 from what someone else told me. Even then, if they diagnose you with something, it doesn’t count unless it’s done by the NHS - which can take years for ASD for example. Just some rumours I have heard, none of them that great to be honest."
175877714,"I’m very awkward and my mind is racing. The question I’m presenting is, why do psychiatrist ignore the truth. That my .mental state is deteriorating very fast. I hide my issues very well. Somehow they don’t believe me. I dokt know what to do I want the proper help, but I feel like they dont take ir seriously."
175877715,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ for sharing that and for the words of encouragement. That’s awesome to hear about anyone with sz working or going to school. Accounting is a lot of fun, it’s all forms and basic numbers (from what I understand of the basics), I use to be all about computers (networking) and had a pipe dream of being a mathematician, but I think in my case I need to accept I don’t have the patience for those things anymore, they just frustrate me."
175877716,"If sz is caused by bacteria I think its permenent, you might still need meds. I relapsed after over a year of stopping meds."
175877717,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877718,This med sounds like a winner thanks for all the replies everybody.
175877719,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877720,"Wow, that’s awful. I’m sorry that happened to you. I too hope that doesn’t turn out to be the case here, that’d be the icing on this ???? cake of a week lol."
175877721,she looks like an 8 armed Krishna!!
175877722,"_AT_MENTION_ I agree that finding someone compatible is like finding gold. It only happens rarely for a few people. Many people settle, I think, and it doesn’t work out. I have seen a few people hit the jackpot though and I envy them very much!"
175877723,I don’t have Covid-19 I am not homeless I have meds
175877724,It’s cool. It can be upsetting for others. It’s hard with some countries and it becomes even harder when most systems are overstretched. Housing the mentally ill is expensive. The medications are expensive. Extra care is expensive and we are probably the poorest members or our communities. I’m sorry your struggling but keep it civil.
175877725,That I quit alcohol and overcame psychosis in a big way considering I’m still young have a lot to live for now I hope
175877726,"I’m playing games. I need to take a shower and am baking chicken for today. It’s just simple baked chicken with lawry’s, pepper, and garlic salt. That’s how I usually make it."
175877727,Had a lovely day with my sacred neigh.ive missed her so much.was so Lovely to be with her.she is the one I love most out of every one I reckon. Had a ice cream in the sun. Listened to guided meditation.
175877728,"Ideological enemies, for sure. Like actual personal, individual enemies, probably not. No one knows me. My relatives don’t really hate me, I don’t imagine. Just had a rocky past. Maybe one relative kind of hates me but he’s got issues already. I don’t think he’d be that hostile if I came around after recovery. It’s all about how I carry myself. I used to imagine this ailment was a high level curse or something, but ultimately I ?????? myself up. The process had already started before I messed with my relative relationships over some girl. It’s just stupid vanity that made me take piracetam, and some degree of self-medication. No one but me can be blamed."
175877729,Sorry to hear your going through that
175877730,I took my morning meds. I will take my supplements and my night meds around 7:30 or 8 PM
175877731,"I don’t like the hospital because there it is like living in a plastic bubble. Once you are out and thrown into society it is overwhelming and you have to deal with life’s problems again. It’s nice to be completely cared for, but it doesn’t really teach you how to live in the world and deal with all the stressers."
175877732,Gonna spend an hour organizing my notes on what productive things to do today - Then I'll try to stop listening to music and do them.
175877733,"Went and bought bath towels, shower curtain, and a spatula."
175877734,"Me, too. You aren’t alone. I wish I had a solution for you- for all of us- but all I can say is keep trying. If you get bad, talk to your pdoc and see about a med change. Sometimes that will give you a little get up 'n go. Not always, but sometimes. Honestly, it’s just part of this disease. You can see from the posts that it’s pretty common in sz/sza. Also, welcome to the forum!!!"
175877735,Sounds like you need another more competent pdoc! If they don’t collaborate with a patient how can they build trust and help the person? I can’t take any antidepressant either. In all the 18 years since I’ve seen pdocs none have ever put me on one because I have bipolar tendency with my sza. When I asked them why they don’t put me on one they said I’d get manic. I guess they’re right!
175877736,"That seems like too much, and might very well be the reason for feeling bad. I would ask her to explain thorougly, and contact another psychiatrist to check on your meds and recommend if you can be taken off most/a few."
175877737,That’s so hard _AT_MENTION_ ! So will you ask to switch back?
175877738,"…appropriate…? You don’t seem to grasp how infrastructure works. And your ideas of this Caste style system of one job being more appropriate, is just making you seem ignorant… If you can imagine a world without blue collar work. Then you’re living in a fantasy, and if you are looking down on them, your just an ass"
175877739,That’s awesome!!! I’m not from there but I think it’s great!
175877740,"I just read that there is a term called active couch potato,I am certain I am classified in this group.Now stranded in my wife’s hometown,I am mostly inside the room but get an hour exercise which I had to force myself to do.Active couch potato means people who get their physical exercises need in a single bout but stay Inactive the rest of the day.They said this type of people can have greater risk then light exerciser whom ain’t define as active couch potatoe. Tbh,I am not afraid of dying or getting diseases but I dislike the way people see me and treat me…I need to change this.I will listen to my doctor and take my daily medication now"
175877741,"So what now? I ask again and again. What fresh hell, or barely explainable heaven? What newness await for me around the next corner? Questions I’m still searching for the answers too, copper sword in a thunderstorm if I need be. Fruitless? Maybe. Tiresome? Definitely. Worth it? I don’t know. If there truly is no justification for why we suffer with this, then what’s the point? Cosmic joke? I like my answer better, even be it potentially delusional. But what of silence then? Of stillness? If that’s the path taken then it would be peace, for lack of knowledge of better…or worse. Call of the void? Something beyond light and dark, truly null and void, but whole…maybe that’s what I seek. But how can I accomplish something like that…? Always with questions, answers to find on my own. Tired of searching."
175877742,"I thought about leaving the site multiple times because of this flag feature/issue. I think it should be used mainly for trolls or people who talk about drugs excessively and other issues that are similar. Personally, I get flagged for talking about my “delusions” like aliens and being tortured but they’re real to me and it helps getting it out on an online forum. I’ve had past lives and most people cannot handle the truth or my experiences. It is insulting to say I’m being offensive or whatever. I get offended too, but don’t have my finger constantly on the flag button."
175877743,I feel empty too. Not as much sad as empty. Like life is futile…
175877744,"The drain trap in the bathroom sink was all plugged up with hair and soap. So, a simple matter of pulling the trap out and cleaning it. It wouldn’t come out. I tried and tried and then thought to ask someone else to try. Then I thought “You might help your self confidence a little by trying a bit more.” So I did, and eventually, it came out. VICTORY!"
175877745,Think about what?
175877746,"Wash hands often. disinfect surfaces, clean your house. You’re probably safe."
175877747,"blue bird could you split the pills in half, then take each half seperately."
175877748,Frozen pepperoni pizza again tonight. It was jacks brand.
175877749,That type of vaping is dangerous !!!
175877750,That’s pretty cool. You won’t be discriminated against
175877751,"It is real and it is a wake up call, the interpreter _PERSON_ called it “synchronicities”, it is really just the _PERSON_ or way talking to you, this is what happens if you try to take on everything. I get it too."
175877752,oh how great that is !? good for you _AT_MENTION_
175877753,My voices claim to control my thoughts and actions but I’m not so sure they do.
175877754,"You need a med adjustment. Something to try is an OTC antiinflammatory though, those are known to reduce anger."
175877755,"im think it would be fun though. i run really fast so they cant catch me, it will be fun."
175877756,i don’t know ish. I hope it was just a bad day and today feels better for you.
175877757,This is _AT_MENTION_ thread
175877758,Oh I’m sorry you’re feeling lousy _AT_MENTION_ . Hope you start feeling better soon!
175877759,"I'm making English muffin pizzas tonight, I'll post pics"
175877760,Yes limited side effects also. Just had insomnia for a long time that went away like a year or so ago. That was the biggest issue for me.
175877761,_AT_MENTION_ …what job you going for? >>>>> Good Luck by the way
175877762,nice to hear you had great time =) welcome back!
175877763,I’m sure that the entire United States will be on lock down soon just like in Italy.
175877764,"Nowadays, on medication I still feel somewhat disconnected"
175877765,"My head used to get what I call radio brain. Basically music would be playing all day, any time I’d be annoyed of one song id just switch it to another one. I could skip through 10 songs in like 20 seconds if I wanted. Like literally all day and night it would happen. Then other times I’d just hear music being composed, not any real songs that have been made but just new compositions, I could change the instruments if I wanted. I think mine was more along the lines closer to being musical hallucinations"
174324067,You can’t help your illness if you could you would heal schizophrenia and work again but its out of your control
175877766,My mom's friend's bf was on Wellbutrin and he was feeling suicidal and anxious so I told him to stop taking it. He was using it for smoking and has no mental problems previously before taking it.
175877767,They never tell you the risks before you start these meds - or at least they didn’t for me anyways
175877768,There are invega (or generic paliperidone) oral tablets if you can handle taking them. Or at least I’m still taking their pills.
175877769,"My days are pretty much the same: 7 - 8 am - wake up have a shower and have breakfast 8 - 11 am - visit the forum and play Age of Empires 2 11 - 12 am - have lunch, make a coffee and go on the computer for a bit 12 - 2pm - play Age of Empires or do something else on the PC 2 - 4pm - have coffee and think of something to do like housework, play guitar etc. 4 - 5pm - start making dinner and watch TV. 5 - 10pm - Watch TV, make another coffee, play on phone then go to sleep around 10. It is pretty bad really. Normally I like to mix things up a bit and go hiking or go see people I know. Even the things I enjoy are in some sort of routine. It is just the same things every day."
175877770,"classical piano piece entitled: Rondo Alla Turca, by _PERSON_. I have the whole piece worked out. The _NAME_, the fingering, the counting, and the chords, and I’ve played the whole piece several times now. I think I’ve got it down fairly good. I’m playing the chords as broken eighth note chords. What are you guys working on with your instruments?"
175877771,_PERSON_ its a similar med to benzatropine. Are you taking it? If its not working tell your pdr.
175877772,"One horrible thing last time I was in the psych ward… About 1/3 of beds taken up permanently by seniors who needed to be in extended care, but… No beds for them there. Shoehorned into wherever they can fit in a hospital. I think the pediatric and oncology wards are pretty much the only ones who are exempt. Had some in the cardiac ward last time I was there, too."
175877773,"Oh I get it. He means spider Man spins a web, the internet is the world wide WEB"
175877774,How long are you there for?
175877775,"I’ve been off APs since March. I was on zyprexa for years, 40mg a day, and I ballooned up bad. I hit 240lbs last March, as of today I am 136lbs. I didn’t diet, I’m not able to exercise physically, but just dropping that med it fell off. My GP told me when I saw in Oct I have until April to hit 120lbs or he’s still gonna ????? me out. I’m 5 foot 5 inches, I’m a little over the recommended. I also have a stomach that looks like I’m 6 months pregnant that just sticks out. I was a size 2 until starting the zyprexa 9 years ago, then I hit a 3x. I’m down to a medium/large pants size and large shirt size. I’m pretty damn happy with it, except the stomach, but I’m just gonna look pregnant forever. And had it ultra sounded no rumors, just the way the skin and fat had settled. Basically was told liposuction or tummy tuck to remove the excess, so I’ll just not wear anything tight. But yeah insurance issues suck, but sad thing is we have way better than most cause _NAME_ is WIDoc and we
ll have insurance years down when he retires. At 36 he’s one of the oldest CO’s, so the younger guys pick on him. They joke that he can afford kids, many of them are just outta high school or college, and here he’s got 11 years in corrections. But we’re good friends with a few, going to dinner with a current coworker and wife, and a former coworker and his wife (also worked DOC), on the 16th for my 35th bday. We’re gonna go to Red _NAME_. But the pdoc I have is good, she was 3rd shift inpatient in the hospital here, and she decided she’d rather prevent the situations than respond to them. She’s younger than me too, but she takes her time with me, I really like her. I feel human. She’s the one that went I to my Genesight test ordered years ago and said, why weren’t you ever told you have these mutations? Like what? So she explained why most meds don’t work, I lack the right ability to process a lot of drugs. So I started folic acid small dose to see if that’s help with processing even my 
pain meds better. But, I have 3 mutations, like I can’t absorb iron or b12 either. But I appreciate she took the time to explain and just care. My husband was impressed too cause he was there with me."
175877776,You ever tried? I mean the best
175877777,I just took my meds.
175877778,"Trying to muster the will. Slept. Clearly, depressed. Maybe try to get outside."
175877779,"I believe a study was done where people sent different brands of st johns wort through a mass spectrometer. Only like 30% of the pills contained any st johns wort at all and a significant number of them had Viagra. Supplements aren’t regulated and tested for accuracy the way drugs are, so you never know what you’re getting."
175877780,Thank you very much
175877781,I love that song: “Losing My Religion”.
175877782,Basically all of them
174324062,It’s made me highly creative I’ve developed different skills when I’m really far gone. I’m capable of changing my appearance within a month. I can draw when I normally can’t. My writing is art. I lose fear of all people. Feeling like God leaves a staine that can’t be wiped off. I have a insane silent temper with the 1000 yard stare. My voice has changed over the years there’s enough pain in it to end any conversation dead in it’s tracks. I’m gentle I’m nice I’m understanding I believe in individuals I’m forgiving of people’s past and not much of a critic. The experience from the mistakes I’ve made gives me accurate judgement of each person I meet. Criminals trust me It’s my life
175877783,What really helps is supportive evidence from gp or cpn or psychiatrist along with your application…
175877784,"Anyways,the topic of discussion is the profanity filter. And unless _AT_MENTION_ wants to weigh in on why exactly he made that rule and whether he wants to consider changing it (so far everyone except two people have said they are in favor) then this conversation is pointless."
175877785,I heard 90% chocolate bars go well in chili
175877786,"I am diagnosed with bipolar 1. You need meds with this disorder, especially if you suffer with psychosis."
175877787,"i try not to discriminate about discrimination to try and avoid perpetuating it. instead of distinguishing with positive and negative sides i try and distinguish aspects with speculative, subjective subscription depth. it could be like same page popularity to help make the necessary denial more convincing that comes with the inate blindspot we all could have. i try and give each access point a collective cloud foundation to try and help to keep it kindred. whether it's a voice in your head or a voice on the television or in the street we're all in the same boat when it comes to distinguishing the source of it. all corroborating could be as convincing as it needs to be or resonates to be. threshold extremes are like adjusting tools for the collective cloud."
175877788,"Just called my mom. I didnt even get to say hi. She picked up and said ""let me call you back I've had a very busy day. Bye."" And hung up. I called her cuz she helped me with my cat 2 years ago."
174324072,Atypical Antipsychotics List Abilify Risperidone Geodon Zyprexa Saphris Latuda Fanapt Caplyta Rexulti Invega Seroquel Vraylar _AT_MENTION_
175877789,"I usually have two cups in the morning. Sometimes i drink a couple cups in the afternoon, but not always. Depends on how i feel."
175877790,"okay deleted, why do i delete my account. should i be worried. Was that an actual threat."
175877791,Have a Good Night & or Day Tomorrow _AT_MENTION_!. Lookin Kool And Neato as Always (!!!).
175877792,"I have no idea what your career is, but I suspect you hang out with people who share your interests and/or values. I’m a bit of an outlier as I’ve been an active member of AA for close to three decades. This gets me circulating with people of all ages from all walks of life, so I’m exposed to many more people than most in this community would be. I can tell you that your beliefs are incredibly rare."
175877793,Antidisestablishmentarianism means you’re pro-establishment.
175877794,Did you get on prozac?
175877795,I’d like to know more about it.
175877796,I am almost 30 and I sleep 9 or 10 hours. In the past i used to sleep 15 hours.
174324071,I came off of invega. I dunno what the best way to do it is though. Why do you want to come off of it? If it’s working I would recommend you stay on it because if you stop your voices will return
175877797,"Can you describe it in more detail? I have cured several cases of Disorder, so I know it *can* be cured. I can take your case."
175877798,I had that in my old place that had an extractor fan when the toilet light was on. Same sort of robotic voice. Very wierd. I stuck a knife in it in the end to brake it. When i start hearing noises off the computer fans that are on 24/7 - its a good sign for me that the depot jab is probably due. Does your noodle in doesnt it!??
175877799,"This is a really tough question. I think if we did allow that we’d get a lot of people with mixed feelings about life applying for the right to kill themselves. I can see it if someone has voices screaming at them nonstop inside their head, but I don’t think we should allow it if someone is just discouraged."
175877800,How are you doing man? Still struggling with your symptoms?
175877801,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877802,I tried that but it did not help. 2 years ago it was so easy to loose weight…
175877803,"I have so much advice for you. _PERSON_ deals with the same problem. He has been diagnosed with ARFID, which is a type of eating disorder. For him, when he is upset about something, his fallback in just avoiding food. He was statved for years, so he doesn’t feel hungry the way most people do. We have a strict meal plan for him. He has to have at least one food item five times a day. It might just be a single bite, but he has to have it. If he doesnt want to eat after that, we do not push him. His goal is 1500 calories, but he can’t always make that, and that is okay. Food that is easy when you arent getting enough: Gummy vitamins (only as directed) Granola bar Boost or Ensure nutrient shake Baby food pouches Banana Almonds Individual bags of chips/pretzels Lunchables Fun size candy bars The trick is to have zero effort needed. Just, his food alarm beeps, he grabs somehing at random, stuffs it down his throat, and goes back to his activity. Individually packaged things work better for him, becau
se he doesn’t have to expend mental energy thinking about how much he wants or worrying about wasting what he doesn’t eat. Most of the food he eats can easily be consumed with one hand while he does a preferred activity. We just have a basket full of these foods so he can quick grab one and go back to his activity. For now, dont worry about eating healthy. Just worry about eating ANYTHING. When you consistently are eating a sustainable amount, then you can worry about nutrient quality."
175877804,I am _PERSON_ and I am “obese” by BMI have the most difficult time losing weight but mum says lately i have lost some but the scales tell a different story
175877805,"Yea beans make you fart. But it’s worth it, APPARENTLY, or so they say"
175877806,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877807,_PERSON_ g the few days to a week before I get awful PMS and mental health symptoms.
175877808,I do as well. I am going to try and read it out but might bail and just give him the note to read.
175877809,Aw Thankyou _AT_MENTION_ :)))
175877810,Yes cause _USER_ID_ don’t pay taxes:)
175877811,"How do I set my profile to private? I keep seeing how to do it, but I always forget."
175877812,I’ve recently got back into daily meditation. Really helps ease stress for me. You could download an app like insight timer or something similar and try out a couple of the guided meditations.
175877813,"Does anyone have any book recommendations that talk about self improvement in terms of having higher self esteem, or mindfulness? Like a newer book? Within the past couple of years? Maybe one that has a bit about social media and loneliness."
174324069,"This forum has helped me a lot too. I just got hospitalized last February and have been living with my parents ever since. It’s nice being able to talk to other people who go through the same thing. Feel less alone. I don’t get to paranoid if I go outside, mine just happens when people are around or lately in the evenings"
174324066,"Roughly 1 in 10 people diagnosed with Schizophrenia commit suicide. People with high IQ that have been diagnosed with schizophrenia are more likely to be in that statistic. It is estimated that over 73% of people diagnosed with schizophrenia smoke cigarettes. I have not smoked or vaped in maybe 3 weeks now. I have noticed that after over a decade of smoking cigarettes and some years of vaping, my breathing has changed. I hope my lungs recover at least a little, but if nothing else, I am no longer damaging them. As for discussion about suicide, it was a topic in a thread I brought up some months ago. You might find it somewhat interesting to read."
175877814,"Sorry, I don’t understand. you mean physically healthy or what?"
175877815,Which four colours do you use for the four humours;
175877816,Would mean that too an extent IQ is a function of personality.thanks for answering all questions find it very interesting. Due you think this will hinder you finding a partner though?theit would complicate matters same with job.
175877817,"If my friend doesn't visit this weekend, it will be at least 3 weeks until I see him since he's going to Europe to work for two weeks. I'm feeling desperate because I need replacement carts for my Juul knock off and maybe a couple of disposables. And then I'll be scared something terrible will happen."
175877818,I am sure its something else than the diet that improved these ppl. Depression can disappear on its own sometimes. Anyways I never had depression or anxiety.
174324074,Yeah I think mental illness is common among the homeless.....I’m glad you got him some winter gear.....
175877819,"I smoke a cigar on my walk, does that count? lol"
175877820,"I get a shot every month, I rarely get pain from it"
175877821,Ok I guess. Piercers always told me saline or jojoba.
175877822,Just wondering since I heard that caffiene can induce psychosis n high amounts does anyone actively avoid it and only eat things that contain no caffeine
175877823,ThoughtCo How Therapeutic Schools Can Help Troubled Teenagers Therapeutic boarding schools educate and help troubled teenagers and young adults. They differ in some ways from other therapeutic schools. It’s not a ward school.
175877824,That’s what the amphetamine is for.
175877825,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877826,Tell me your experience
174324075,Lipton is fine I think. In local grocery store you might find leaf version at cheaper rates. Other good brands include Twinings. Anyway choose pure green version without any flavour or ingredients.
174324077,Lol. on the _NAME_ observation. I think she just had a baby recently though so you might be wrong on that one. haha
175877827,"You deserve a pat on the back for sitting through a single 3 hour session . I’m not sure I could have coped with that. Mine was 3 main sessions lasting about an hour each spread over a few months ,and then the ADOS which lasted about an hour too."
175877828,I have never been in hospital apart from a mandatory med change. I used to hear voices non stop and believe in all sorts of things but I think people just did not really know how bad I was.
174324076,"The whole violence thing is ???????? in my opinion. We are more victimized then what the statistics say some do. There’s always crazy people. I’ve seen bipolar people do the same stuff. Same with bpd. I think there’s a lot of bias and mis information. Violence sells. We are very stigmatized and we do it to ourselves too. I wouldn’t watch it even if I had prime. Too triggering. I’ve seen some good, positive documentaries on YouTube."
175877829,I live for pasta!
175877830,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877831,Forget it if it stresses you too much. Some ppl like to be single. I had a gf I met in a bar/club for 5 years and been single since then. Also my top priorities now are to work and be healthy first.
175877832,"PubMed Neuropsychological dysfunctions among chronic schizophrenia patients, alcohol... Neuropsychological dysfunction was significantly more common and severe in chronic schizophrenia patients than in alcohol-dependent patients. In comparison to alcohol dependents, the chronic schizophrenia patients had more dysfunctions in..."
175877833,"Definitely, but mine are more day to day stuff…”you never cared about your family…you love no one…you like being sick.” I hate them"
175877834,"Good Morning _AT_MENTION_-Cotton! How Did The Visit Go?. I Was Thinking About You Yesterday, Hoping Everything Was Working Out For You."
175877835,"This is the self-harm assessment sheet _PERSON_’s doctor uses. There are some things listed that surprised me, but do make a lot of sense. In the past six months, how often have you: Overdosed? Cut yourself? Burned yourself? Hit yourself? Scratched until it hurt/bled? Banged your head? Prevented wounds from healing (e.g., picking scabs)? Starved to hurt yourself? Exercised while having an injury? Abused laxatives to hurt yourself? Made medical situations worse (E.g., skipped medication or appointments)? Abused alcohol? Abused illicit substances (street drugs)? Abused prescription medication (yours or someone else’s)? Driven recklessly? Had many impulsive and/or unprotected sexual encounters? Set yourself up to be rejected in a relationship? Were involved in emotional/verbal abuse? Were involved in physical abuse? Were involved in sexual abuse? Impulsively quit a job? Tortured yourself with self-defeating thoughts or painful memories? Attempted suicide? These are all forms of self-harm and self-
destructive behavior. Have you been able to get mental health support in your new country yet?"
175877836,"_PERSON_ they always call mental health for an assessment, and for me that’s good. I needed assessing."
175877837,I see. So you fear them now?
175877838,It’s all a matter of feeling comfortable where you are and who you’re with.
175877839,"Just don’t think this even if someone is in your body, need privacy and to never go through this again."
175877840,You sound fairly healthy and like you have a life of productivity and creativity. You are sz though so your life is different. Do you have pension? Look at the wall! you’ll get tired of it. You are doing a lot of other good stuff. Take a walk if maybe the wall bugs you. Do something else then. _AT_MENTION_ if the ad helped so much why did you quit it?
175877841,I’m depressed all the time. I can’t be happy about anything. Maybe I should go find a turtle and have a conversation with it.
175877842,"You would have to look at the criteria. One of them is not to react properly to praise and criticism. Another is the lack of close relationships outside family. Another not enjoying normal activities other people do, or just any activity. Probably not. The majority are probably shy, or embarrassed or something else. One of the main difference is that the usual person gets more social as they get more comfortable, while for the schizoid it is the opposite. So a schizoid might not look shy at first, but will eventually disappear. I don't think I am avoiding anything, it just does not happen, and I don't go looking for it. But if I was in a social situation, the reasons would probably be because I don't know what games people are playing, or if I do, I don't care about it. Or I don't like to have to perform to their expectations and be spied on all the time for bad behavior. In the longer term, having to deal with people intent on causing trouble is the final straw. I just don't think spending your li
fe watching your back for potential idiots or people with bad intent is a way to live, but each to their own. For a lot of people, it seems part of the fun. So I tell people to leave me alone if there is any doubt."
175877843,"I mean i got offered the course in London, but I want to do it at this centre I wonder if part of the reason is because its near my partner"
175877844,Does anyone else feel just ghastly in the morning from meds? I feel like it's from the Zyprexa which is ironically the med which is probably helping me the most. It's like I'm stable but my moods have been ironed out to such a degree that I can't function or do anything in the morning. I really don't like feeling this way.
175877845,I’m on 117mg Invega and me and my mom going to convince my doc to lower to 78mg which is actually around 3mg risperidone. Can I expect to be less drowsy and regain some sexual function?
175877846,"Medication has halted my potential, i’m overmedicated when I don’t need to be attall. It’s left me useless and unable to concentrate on what I loved in life."
175877847,I’m glad you went in. How long until you get the results? Did they tell you?
175877848,"Try the 234 mg shot. It helps lots of people. Or, maybe you need a different antipsychotic"
175877849,I removed all dairy from my diet for about 2 months. When I reintroduced it I got violently ill and had pretty bad stomach pains and my insomnia got worse. I try to avoid it as much as possible now. But I just had a tiny bowl of plain yogurt because I do love it. But I only have it maybe twice a month at most.
174324078,loool _PHONE_NO_
175877850,Over done over-rated happens every year didn’t vote.
175877851,My bf stopped drinking energy drinks. Too much cost for one.
175877852,anyway are you okay?
175877853,Hope you feel better soon
175877854,metformin helps blood sugar and lipids and stuff i think which helps weight gain
175877855,"I really like these amazon.com Amazon.com : Tribe 11PC Premium Resistance Bands Set, Workout Bands - with Door... Amazon.com : Tribe 11PC Premium Resistance Bands Set, Workout Bands - with Door Anchor, Handles and Ankle Straps - Stackable Up To 105 lbs - For Resistance Training, Physical Therapy, Home Workouts, Yoga, Pilates : Sports & Outdoors $20.98 They were $17 and really worth it, you can pretend like your lifting weights. They are really quite cool and a good workout. I only need one band but I’m assuming you’re much stronger than me and would need 2 or 3 bands to get a good workout. You can also buy a bigger set for more weight. And it hooks right into any door so you can use it anywhere you go. On top of that it feels good to walk. I like the treadmill because if I get tired or my hip starts hurting I can just stop. Then you can do body weight exercises like squats, lunges, push-ups and planks, all good beginner exercise that don’t require equipment. And don’t forget about stretchin
g, just do it in your bed before you go to sleep, it’s nice."
175877856,It’s not bad but I’m still not completing every book like I used to...some things just don’t hold my attention
175877857,Are you feeling better today?
175877858,Maybe you could get big 2L $1 pops from the bargain store
175877859,"Well, good luck."
175877860,"_AT_MENTION_ , are you a new member or did you change your nickname?"
175877861,"Yes…ssss… Seriously though. People move their tongues around. Bodies be weird, yo."
175877862,"My morning meds yes, but not my supplements. I'll have to take them tonight with my night meds."
175877863,I will attend the Texas Festival. It’s in _NAME_ backyard lmao. At 7pm EST.
175877864,Are you suicidal? It’s not good to talk about dying. It isn’t healthy. And none of us really know whether there is a heaven or a hell.
175877865,"People are dying _NAME_, this should’ve been done weeks ago"
175877866,"During the time I was working I was so unhappy and I used to hurt myself. I didn’t cut myself. I used to hit or scratch myself. Now I don’t do it very often, but I do it from time to time. I’m trying to learn that I need to love myself more and not to do that kind of things."
175877867,"Wow, you would wreck your life. If you burned it down you might have a few moments of satisfaction and the revenge may feel good temporarily but the consequences of your action would change your life and last for years. Don’t do it. Plenty of people get screwed over every day, everywhere, but they don’t hurt anybody or burn down a clinic."
175877868,I’m glad things are working out for you _AT_MENTION_!
175877869,But you’ve heard them right? So funny. _PERSON_ said the toy scared the dog. Oh well it came with a book anyway
175877870,What’s normal really anyway? I think I do okay for myself by taking them.
175877871,"I have a little silver Chrysler pt cruiser which I love - to pieces, literally because I was rear ended last October and her butt is all bent in and the license plate is in the rear window and the spare tire has to sit on the back seat."
175877872,Calculus (derivatives and integrals) and matrices.
174324083,"I don’t have social anxiety disorder and I don’t have friends or a gf. I can’t work or live on my own. I can’t even take care of myself. I had tons of friends, a gf who wanted kids, was working with my physiotherapy university degree and tons of money before my SZ. Negative symptoms destroyed my life and only left me with a useless soul."
175877873,I don’t believe in the devil. Good is our natural state.
175877874,Im good now. Getting discharge today.
175877875,"I read on a MyFitnessPal.com blog that studies show that keeping track of steps, and limiting yourself to 10,000 steps a day does not lead to either weight loss or fitness in most people. That’s all I needed to hear. And that somehow seems to ring true to me. That’s why I do yoga 4 to 5 times a week and have also begun walking outdoors 4 to 5 times a week as well. My weight is normal and I’m in great shape and fitness for my age and have been for the past 6 years when I lost 50 lbs. I’m 61 years old now."
175877876,I just wanted to say welcome to the forum!!!
175877877,I think you’ve been alone too much time thus you idealized your potential future boyfriend. Guess what. Reality is always different…
175877878,He’s supposed to wait for you when you’re broken up? Good gaaak.
175877879,"U are not weak u fight with disease, that makes u strong. hugs laetitia hope u feel better soon."
175877880,Could worsen delusions…
175877881,Yikes I’m hearing voices a bit. Mumbling. Like a tv is on and it’s not. I need that medicine in the morning. Not at night. I had a feeling this would happen.
175877882,Because you have constant feeling about people try to harm you.delusions and false beliefs not about harming.but i m not the doctor.trust your pdocs
175877883,I bought food and drinks for the next six days today. Here the stores are full of food and drinks and I do not see this changing. I do not see any real panic here.
175877884,"Probably not much in my experience, but I did feel less anxious."
175877885,_AT_MENTION_ Thank you! Likewise!! How are you? What have you been up to?! How is your family?! I have a thousand questions for you?
175877886,I’m glad you feel a little better. I have depression issues myself. I know how hard it can be.
175877887,Lol! That’s hilarious _AT_MENTION_
175877888,It’s a pearl jam song
174324082,Zyprexa - so hungry and I couldn’t afford food plus 20 lbs of weight in 30 days Risperdal- really bad bathroom problems and no sexual desire. Took this the longest Latuda - loves this medicine but there is a sense of dysphoria taking it at night like an unexplainable dread feeling. Also akathisia I will probably go back on this if I can take enough artane to keep the restlessness down Abilify didn’t work. I’m on perphenazine now it’s just akathisia which goes away when I take overdoses of artane
175877889,"If you feel homicidal, go to the ER!!"
175877890,I don’t think an hour variation in the time you take it would hurt. Just make sure you take it.
174324084,You mean no thanks for your thoughts? I get it I think
175877891,"Being on oxygen with a long air hose still can’t get me down stairs to do laundry. It is a major exercise for me to breathe on my own to make short trips down stairs. I’ve been doing lots of breathing exercising and lately I have developed the ability to get a second wind or to say, I’m able to increase my intake of oxygen without the machine. There might even be a little hope for me. Not a promise, but a hope."
175877892,"Don’t trust any online test, ask your psychiatrist."
174324087,"Sciendo – 26 Aug 20 An investigation of the COMT gene Val158Met polymorphism in patients admitted... Abstract Catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) enzyme has a role in the inactivation of catecholamine neurotransmitters. Functional polymorphism in the COMT gene has been reported to play an important role in schizophrenia, bipolar affective... The relationship between behavioral phenotypes and psychiatric disorders in the Val 15 8Met polymorphism has been investigated in many studies. In a study conducted by _PERSON_ et al . [24], the Val158Met polymorphism in the COMT gene was found to be associated with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, aggressive behavior and OCD. The most important finding of our study was that the homozygous genotype of hospitalized patients in the study group at the BTRCADA, was found to be statistically significant ( p 0.008). This makes us think that there may be a genetic effect in drug addiction. The absence of the Val158Met polymorphism in one-time use, but the presence 
of this polymorphism in hospitalized patients who had repeated use, suggests that there may be a genetic predisposition in the patient group. When evaluating these patients, genetic effects should also be considered. Conclusions . The use of SC among adolescents is increasing day by day. It poses serious problems in diagnosis, treatment and management in the emergency departments. Other factors making management, especially in agitated and confused patients, difficult, are the changes in the effects on a patient, difficulty in taking anamnesis, and confusion with other diseases. In our study, the Vall58Met polymorphism of the COMT gene was not found to be significant in patients admitted to the Emergency Department after substance intake, while a significant relationship was found in terms of this polymorphism in patients with substance addiction admitted to the BTRCADA. This makes us think that there may be a genetic disposition toward drug addiction and family members should be informed and guided in this r
espect. As there is no genetic disposition in patients with a one-time substance intake, families should be informed about the recovery of these patients from drug addiction. The family should be advised to take measures such as preventing access to the substance and changing their social circle. Limitations . In cases where anamnesis could not be taken from the patient, taking the history from the files and the relatives, was one of the limitations of our study. Another limitation was that the age range was determined. The age range is insufficient for the general population. However, this limitation can be overcome as the patient group using the substance was similar to the patient group we included. Furthermore, as genetic disposition does not change with age, this may not be considered as a limitation. Another limitation was the low number of patients and the fact that the study was performed in a single department. In addition, the lack of substance diversity and the inability to study the substance take
n from the blood were among the limitations of the study. However, we think that these limitations can be overcome as there may be a relationship between the substance intake and the genetic disposition instead of the type and amount of the substance. We believe that this issue can be better elucidated by other multicenter studies to be conducted with a higher number of patients."
175877893,"For me, when I'm not working, I'm just watching TV and stuff. Hanging out with my parents. So not doing a lot that is social because of the virus but just hanging out at home."
175877894,"They only tell me to hurt myself, never others"
175877895,"I'm new to Inspire also and have major depressive disorder, adha, generalized anxiety would put it mildly and a few more very personal mental health problems that I have problems telling others in public about currently. Thanks for posting last night and sharing."
175877896,"I’d like to join for accountability. Not tracking calories but incorporating light cardio. No eating prior to bed. And to listen to my body, sometimes I eat just because it is time to eat. My goal is to lose a pound a week or 50 lbs by year’s end. Cool thread, good luck everyone!"
175877897,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_. You’re both fantastic artists. Very nice drawings and very realistic looking.
175877898,And you expect a different answer each time?
174324093,What meds will you be taking? Risperdal or Clozapine?
175877899,"In contrast to what others may think my lack of showering was never in lieu of lacking love for myself; I was just simply too busy wrapped up in thoughts and projects I also found eating, sleeping and using the toilet unnecessary and aggravating chores calling me away from more interesting matters. It’s why mad scientists are always depicted with a wild mane of knappy hair. I had a job once where one of the letters in my inbox from management told me I stunk."
175877900,Are you on medication?
175877901,I sometimes feel like I can relax when I have told someone about it. They might understand why you find it hard being chatty.
175877902,"In WI it’s a weird law. But you can look up registered offenders and it’ll show their addresses, you gotta know the address of the nursing home . And if a minor comes into the facility staff is supposed to tell you and the kids, but well, we don’t have wonderful staff working with seniors, so that doesn’t always happen."
175877903,@anon_PHONE_NO_ and _AT_MENTION_ You can find a group that will accept you and won’t judge and that believes and teaches from the Bible. The Bible says believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved! Keep repenting and being sorry for your sins and get close to GOD.
175877904,"Yes. I’m limited to what I can afford. But back when I was on Medicaid, I tried all the atypical APs anyway. Nothing stops me from being followed and recorded"
175877905,I like your haiku. I would even share it on my blog and pass it off as my own but the people might worry about me too! I seem to remember your haikus from before. They are dark but great!
174324085,I think ur pumped up on adrenaline when ur at work. Then wen u get home its like the adrenaline goes n the negative symptoms show up in full blast
175877906,"Best of luck, _AT_MENTION_"
175877907,When I worked I still carried around a deep sadness because I was such a damaged individual. If I decided not to go to work based upon having emotional problems that day I would have never worked a day in my life. I had emotional issues every day of my life but I had to pay the bills. So I sucked it up and went to work. I didn’t go on disability until my mental illness got so bad that I couldn’t work. I even went to work bleeding. I fell down and ripped the skin off my elbow while carrying my baby into the babysitter. I got tissue and put it on my elbow while I took calls at the call center. I also ripped the skin off my knee. Someone told my boss that I was a mess and my boss gave me time off the clock to go home and get cleaned up. I’m just saying. Don’t call in for just anything .
175877908,"Yes I can relate to the entities speaking in various areas. Whether it be inside my body/mind, or above my head, across the room, or through another person it seems it/they can penetrate all energy and therefore speak somehow."
175877909,I want to play tag at the beach
175877910,"I don’t move cause ill be completely alone without her… She says it sometimes, not always… I depend on the food from her also… and she is a company… I don’t fight to change the others anymore… I should get out of this negativism by my own i find… The others will always try to beat us in a way…"
175877911,I look like ???? now that I take antipsychotics
175877912,Then I doubt it’s allergies
175877913,"You got this _AT_MENTION_ ! It will all be over pretty soon, and you already handle so much. Remember you control you, not the voices."
175877914,Trees are a trigger for me sometimes. If you continue to notice more voices you might want to schedule something with your pdoc. But it’s likely with all the stress you’re having some breakthrough symptoms.
175877915,Thanks TheCanuk.
175877916,20190403_154037.jpg 714×874 184 KB maybe b6 abuse caused it i was taking 800mg a day for months
175877917,"Trim toenails. Check college emails. Watch college football, specifically Michigan vs. Michigan State."
174324095,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175877918,"I totally understand. I get cranky when I miss my meds, too. Or when I forget to eat."
175877919,Sometimes I’m not over being disappointed that they were not perfect. And sometimes it feels like they let me down by dying. But they couldn’t help that.
175877920,NO I hate snakes we get rattle snakes here some people eat them others keep them but personally I think they are mean
174324089,Do you travel while symptoms free or you still had symptoms while you traveled?
175877921,"Well, that’s mostly the group allowed to ride on the public busses. Only pharmacy/health appointments, grocery store, or jobs/work. Here they are still allowing people to go out. We just have a face mask mandate with a $500.00 fine if you aren’t wearing one."
174324104,Schizotypal has also symptoms like mild positive symptoms with insight and social anxiety.
175877922,I only used UberEats. I get free deliveries and 50% coupons sometimes. Without specials delivery is 3.99$.
175877923,"so i’ve been having these thoughts lately, that when i die, it will be like i woke up from a dream and i will go back to the first time i masturbated, so around 13 years old. when i first released my life energy into the world. and the cycle will repeat itself, with me growing old and then waking up again, for each time in my life i ejaculated. so i will very slowly get older and older each time. and also im having thoughts that when i am finally reborn i will be the son of one of the women i had sex with. weird thoughts for sure."
175877924,Are you a supernatural being?
175877925,"Yeah. I have an Xbox One X myself and it's only good if you have a large 4K tv. The regular Xbox One is pretty good on its own. Btw, just FYI... The way Xbox One plays games is very different from the way the Xbox 360 and PS4 play games. Whether you buy a digital game off the marketplace, purchase a new physical game, or purchase a used physical game, your Xbox will download the game off the internet. The discs only act as a ""license check."" So you basically just pop in a game, it gets downloaded from the internet, and then you can play it. But in order to play a game from a disc you own, you have to put it in every time you want to play. So, I recommend buying used games if you want physical. That's what I do."
175877926,Possible hepatotoxic in rare and compromised cases. It could be my liver was already damaged and the geodon was just what gave me the pains
175877927,"lol, it’s really messy right now because I have packages at the front door that I need to open and deliver to someone and for myself also"
175877928,Never. _PHONE_NO_
175877929,"Same here. Bad back, hip, and knee. I couldn’t help much."
175877930,Counseling helped me a bunch. I was bounced from my mom house to my dad house to my grandparents house growing up. My mom was very physical and mental abusive to me. My dad was there he loved me but he wasn’t there if that makes sense. My grandparents pretty much raise me.
175877931,Stress is eating me alive. I just can’t take the pressure. Life is too effing hard. I hate myself for being so lazy. My house is beyond messy. I feel so despondent. It’s not okay. Nothing is ok. I try to pretend to be ok but it gets me nowhere. I wish I could disappear. Sorry to moan and ?????.
175877932,"Anyways, _AT_MENTION_ someone else’s post about being screamed at by her boyfriend and struggling with suicidal ideation is not the place to make a point about not all men."
175877933,received_669086943898620720×540 31.1 KB Im thinking this layout is what i want to do for my photography final. What do you think? Do you understand my point of the piece?
175877934,How’s zyprexa side effects wise for you ?
174324091,_PERSON_ another user today post about how exercise prevents schizophrenia? My bet is that it doesnt prevent sz as I was very active before my sz.
175877935,"LS! Three realistic things I hope to accomplish tomorrow: 1 Fast all day just tea coffee and forty dietary supplements 2 For exercise walk to the store, forty minutes Vinyasa yoga, twenty minutes on my Concept2 rowing machine 3 Change my bedcloth and do the laundry"
175877936,This time i didnt ask to go
175877937,I can likely attest to being successful but I don’t enjoy it. Try to keep communication open though we are going through a hard time.
175877938,"Hi, I dont think I have seen any of your art posted here. I would love to see some if you have any."
175877939,"Sober new years, gonna try my best to make this a sober decades. Good job to others who stayed sober like I did, Keep trying for those who slipped and want to stop this New Years. Wishing everyone well!"
175877940,Free Bird? $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$4 $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$44
175877941,Just had a tuna sandwich
175877942,something is wrong you should be tired by now. are you manic
175877943,"I use acrylics, and I do landscapes with them."
175877944,"I found L-Theanine to be a lot stronger than I initially thought. If I take too much it will totally make me have that deadened feeling as well, sometimes not until hours later or even the next morning. It does work well at lower doses."
175877945,"I couldn’t handle studying psychology. I did the first semester and then I started losing it. Got too much insight into human behaviour and it really changed my world view, more than I could handle. I think that was the start of the road to psychosis. I’m not saying this will happen to anyone else, but I guess some of us can only handle so much."
175877946,Just working and probably coming home to sleep. All I wanna do is sleep
175877947,I’m trapped in a car with these people. I cannot get away from them. I am at their mercy. I have to listen to them. I don’t want to listen to their problems. I know that makes me cold hearted but I can’t handle it. It’s vastly inappropriate for them to tell me about their mental problems like they are trying to bond.
175877948,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175877949,Bought an iTunes card to add more music to my collection
175877950,i don’t feel so well… a friend of mine said that i’m selling my soul with taking the meds i do and accepting the covid vaccine. It’s been in my head all the time and it makes me feel bad.
175877951,GL. _PERSON_ luck!
175877952,Or do they sometimes linger until you realise they aren’t true. Mines seemed to have lingered on a bit even when the meds started working.
175877953,i slept over 12 hours. Reminds me of when I was on zyprexa
175877954,I’m going to be injecting this medication into my scrotum when it becomes available.
175877955,There was a time or two when I was on Haldol that I hated it a lot.
175877956,"okay, thanks. _PHONE_NO_"
175877957,Nice!!!!
175877958,"Man, once about ten years ago, I had an amazing bowel movement but never a terrific one. I’m jealous of you."
175877959,"I get my nieces and nephew presents, don’t have kids of myself. I give them money so they can save it for something or they can buy clothes."
175877960,"I listened to a beautiful violin-piano duet of Serenata on YouTube and it was gorgeous by a _NAME_, I think."
174324106,"I’m schizophrenic I think. Had two breaks in past two years, 2nd one because I stopped taking meds. Doc thinks that because my delusions were persecutory that I’m probably paranoid schizophrenic. I’m on 12.5 abilify, but hoping to go down to 10mg."
175877961,"More like “welcome to the cult you definitely just joined, because if you actually had spiritual enlightenment, people would enjoy being around you”"
175877962,Keep doing what your doing. It’s working. I envy you. If I still partied I would be right where you are but I am sober now.
174324103,Her beliefs were assaulted
175877963,_AT_MENTION_ whatever your aim is to get me suspened again you keep it up whatever
175877964,"I hope you said ‘excuse me’. But seriously, maybe you could have told him it’s one of the ten most disabling diseases in the world. That’s an interesting fact and shows how serious your condition is personally and what you’re living with."
175877965,well I have lack of motivation and alogia according to my doc
175877966,I’m keeping my picture the same but I was oolaloola.
175877967,"Had a fun night at the bar today. Possible trigger: Mixed 3 GABA drugs all legal @ mods including booze I know.. I'm a bad girl.. But anyways, my mom had fun too. Lots of drama for her. She likes drama on occasions.. She argued with a scottish man and made him mad about Brexit and the _NAME_.. I told the guys I was good at pool and I am.. IQ I know where to sink the balls.. My mom got into drama cuz the owner likes me and my dad so he let my sister (17) into the bar but she didn't drink and the woman told the other workers that my sister was in there.. Then my sister was snapchatting her daughter about their moms and my sister is a little ***** so she owned her... Took seroquel, beta blocker, melatonin and fish oil pill.. Now I sleep. Good night. I love you all and sexually (If you want.. - Soz.., it's the GABA's.. jk obvious cuz I'm asexual..)"
175877968,"Once, it was alright. Dreadfully boring tho."
175877969,"Thank Mrs A Could I imply that what you are experincing may be real as in terms of being subject to mind games, community mobbing , possibly a victim of whats termed NLP or RNM via some kind of WBAN system and have you come across what the UN has termed Cyber Torture in the newpapers yet, as it's very insightful . You may want to phone a knowledgeable PI with counter surveillance skills or Bug Sweeping knowedge and contact a sweep of you and of your Home and Phone computer for anything!"
175877970,Twinkle stars do you think it’s strong antipsychotic or do you think it will be weaker antipsychotic due to low d2 occupancy
175877971,Some jerk called me a ‘Schizoid’ once on-line. I was insulted. But whatevs…I got over it pretty quick. He was the forum loser anyways.
175877972,So sorry to hear that. Hope you’re doing ok.
175877973,I’ve seen shadow people only at night. When I was small I saw a women with long nails tear into me and create fear. Didnt see the face just the hands.
175877974,"Due to the lack of safety data, pregnant women and children should avoid fisetin supplements. Drug Interactions Supplement-drug interactions can be dangerous and, in rare cases, even life-threatening. Always consult your doctor before supplementing and let them know about all drugs and supplements you are using or considering. The liver uses the same pathway to process fisetin as it does for the blood-thinning agent warfarin (Coumadin). This can, in theory, increase the effects of warfarin [107, 108]. Fisetin substantially reduces blood sugar in diabetic animals. The combination with blood sugar-lowering drugs may further reduce sugar levels [30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35"
175877975,is extrapyramidal symptoms curable ? how long it take to heal from them ?
175877976,"It will go well falcs! I had mine taken out when I was 19. They put you under but it literally only takes them 30 min and with everything they give you, you dont feel a single hint of pain. And the anesthesia wears off in a few hours after that. The whole deal is like half a days worth. You just gotta make sure to do what the doc says about taking care of it so it doesnt get infected in the days after. Good luck! I'm wishing u well!"
174324096,"Now that I’ve made it clear to my pdoc that I suffer with negative symptoms, maybe she will rediagnose me with schizoaffective disorder."
175877977,I like _NAME_ or _NAME_
175877978,"Yeah I think most people are. I definitely was scared of trying new things, etc.. Maybe it helped with my social anhedonia related to autism.. Like the depression..."
175877979,_AT_MENTION_ thank you. _AT_MENTION_ Which field did you leave when you got sick ?
175877980,"If you stop the antipsychotic the pituitary might increase the signal for gonadotropins and your balls will gain size again. You can also gain ball size whit others meds, like clomiphene or human gonadotropin. As testosterone increases dick will regain size again"
175877981,I like crab mayo sushi.
175877982,"When your choice Is boredom or madness, It’s time to accept you’re not The same as everyone else."
175877983,Took Vyvanse early this morning so it wore off. Gonna try and sleep to escape this reality. I don't want to be awake if I'm basically a zombie and can't do anything.
175877984,I was working outside in 35 c heat in July when we had a heatwave DIdn’t know this could happen
175877985,I have been talking to God back and forth _PERSON_ and he uses the term child and daughter. Has anybody else experienced this or is it just a hallucination?
175877986,I feel like a criminal because I want to harm myself due to my misery.
175877987,You are just sick. It’s a delusion?
175877988,"i am actually suicidal, please do not claim that i am not…"
175877989,"The fact that you’re worried about being a bad person means you’re not a psychopath, regardless of your reason for worrying. Psychopaths dont care about being good or bad, and they most certainly dont think in terms of good or bad. They also most certainly dont feel guilt. The best thing you can do for yourself and your family is to forgive yourself for past mistakes. I believe redemption is possible for most people. You are a valuable person. You matter. You just have to start believing that. I’ve made horrible mistakes in the past. I’ve treated people horribly. Not just when I was psychotic either. I have to believe that I can be redeemed for my past mistakes. I think you’re looking for closure, but you may not find it and that’s okay. Theres always going to be something left unsaid, no matter how hard you try to say everything. If you want to make things right with the people you’ve wronged, start by forgiving yourself."
175877990,That’s the problem though. If you don’t know you even have it … I mean then you’re spreading it without knowing
175877991,"Are you living with your parents, now?"
175877992,"Hmm?. You Make A Great Point. . . As You Say, My Kind, Gracious, Parents Had Sexual Relations, Intercourse And Such. . . They Have Had Sex In Sexual Positions Which Led To Me Being Sent To Earth, Prosperously. . . Sex Is Sex And Will Always Be Sex Because It Takes Sex To Make More People. . . That Will One Day Have Sex. . . SEX"
175877993,Misanthropy: dislike and/or hatred of human nature or humankind I feel like I am a misanthrope. I lost faith in humanity and I just generally have a contempt of human nature. Do you feel this way?
175877994,"That’s awesome! Good stuff! Glad for you you have ambition and goals. Wishing you success,happiness,love and much pride as you complete studies. Go for it. Do your best and be understanding to yourself. _USER_ID_ talk"
175877995,"Yeah definitely be careful with lithium, and make sure to get your levels checked when you're supposed to. I got toxicity once that put me in the ICU for a week and caused my kidneys to fail. (not trying to scare you, I was on 1800 mg, which was a really high dose for my weight at the time)"
175877996,"That’s a really hard place to be! It’s overwhelming! Start with small, achievable goals. Write lists of things you can do. Tell yourself, “This is one thing I can do.” And do it. It may be as simple as brushing your teeth. Take frequent breaks."
175877997,"no worries _AT_MENTION_ , I just assumed you lived by yourself 'cos I do. Have you tried adding ground ginger to your black coffee? I find that takes out some of the bitterness & it’s meant to be good for you. Do you think you’d enjoy trying some cookery or is something getting in your way, like money issues or depression?"
175877998,_AT_MENTION_ Are you in therapy? Do you attend any support groups? Do you have family and friend support?
175877999,The kids are back home... cps can suck it!
175878000,Wow that’s a lot _AT_MENTION_ ! Yeah productive day.
175878001,"Not your friend, buddy!"
175878002,for me the shots don’t hurt… and they come administer it at home. my gp doc comes by every 2 weeks to give me my shot
175878003,I am in the planet earth
175878004,The voices can’t punish you for anything you do. Society punishes you for your actions. The voices are beyond your control and can think independent of you and bad things can happen because of them like the inability to sleep and since they are a part of your thinking process they interrupt your ability to think rationally and to perceive reality. There is scientific evidence that they exist because our brains are messed up but there’s not a consensus on what causes them. But when I have been on the medicine no one has told me they didn’t like what I thought unless I said it or that they read my mind today.
175878005,Thanks _PERSON_ ;D How do you stay so happy and glowing?
175878006,What I don’t understand is why no one told me I needed help. They just let me get worse and worse. I ended up being picked up by an ambulance in a nearby city because I was freaking out in the street. Anything could have happened to me. It was dangerous
175878007,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m sure you are under good care and you will get through this! Keep us posted how you are doing! I have a victory story to tell - I have been using a cane for the past 13 years, due to a collapsed disc at L5-S1 that I suffered after almost getting into a car accident. Since I’ve now lost 79 pounds, I have been able to walk without it for short bits since there’s less weight on my spine, but yesterday I didn’t use it at all, not at volunteering and not even in the grocery store! I had no pain and walked without limping. I’m so happy!"
175878008,"Take a ‘whoa pill’ there, _AT_MENTION_… _AT_MENTION_ was just joshing you!"
175878009,You guys are making me excited stop it. with this talk im tempted to search some hentai now.
175878010,"Please excuse my spelling! Hello i am New to Healing Well. My doctor did some blood work on me and my results said i had high kidney number of 160. He now wants to take me off my medformin (1500 mgs per day) and also the ibuprofen and meloxicam . I also use Humulin kwik pen 70/30 2x per day but, he let me stay on that. I have had bad bone pain from arthritis and mustle pain for years , . But he said i could still continue the hydrocodone acetaminophen 10 325.Does anyone know if there is a canabis base rub that works well for pain? or some other type of pain killer? Thank You Fishing_gal2000 Post Edited (fishing_gal2000) : 7/2/2019 8:30:34 PM (GMT-6)"
175878012,"Ha, yes it’s confusing, but butterflyy is so nice, your right"
175878013,I wish houses stayed clean on their own
175878014,Thanks _USER_ID_… will do
175878015,Mentally ill only people have never committed a crime. Mentally ill criminals have.
175878016,"My dad knew someone who won the lottery (the equivalent of an expensive car, which he actually bought with the jackpot money). But a month later he accidentally shot himself in the head during a drill (he worked for the military) and died. Moral of the story: don’t count your chickens before they hatch. The tide can always turn when you least expect it (this goes both ways of course, for better or for worse)."
175878017,Is that an elliptical? I used to burn _PHONE_NO_ min with ellipticals. They burn more calories than treadmils.
175878018,"? m working as a cleaner at school.my shift 8.30am to 5.30 pm.but usually work finish at 7pm. ? can not say its hard job but i feel like i can not doing job well.i always have delusion that i m not doing cleaning enough and this delusions made me unmotivated.and sometimes when i sick no one take care of the school instead of me.i m the only person who is at school.thats the most unmotivated part of my job.everything messed up when i was sick.other than its not so hard job.i have 1 hour lunch and unlimited breaks unless its not more than 10 minutes.i usually mop take the bins out cleaning classrooms.you should be motivate yourself thats the crucial part i guess.you shouldn t think you are incompetible for your job ,think that you are like everybody else except with lot of struggle.if you overcome this delusion you will understand that you very strong humanbeing"
175878019,"It depends on the person, with some people it will make it worse. I struggle with severe depression and anxiety but it wouldn’t be something Id suggest to start with but it effects everyone differently. If that’s something you do want to try contact your doctor and they can help with the proper strains that can help you."
175878020,"Yes, it’s a relationship of love/hate. Mostly love. I mostly have positive voices"
175878021,Yeah definitely send me a pm. I used to have the grey yeti and then I got the heil I also had a rode nt1a but it wasn’t as good as I thought it would be
174324101,"I thought I had already taken my Abilify this evening, but when I checked my notepad app I hadn’t taken it yet. So I took a dose, even though I thought I already had it. I’m pretty good at noting when I took my meds."
174324109,"Reality is a joke I mean.. IQ is pattern.. and dysfunction of dopaminergic system causes negative symptoms to have enough dopamine to not care about looking further for patterns which is the opposite of ADHD in a way.. except that never finishes anything and starts a bunch of things (Which my friend has) and autism is being so interesting in one thing that they know all about it but what if it's conspiracy theories? and.. Ah **** I'm tired I'm not gonna bother with this anymore (Yknow what I mean??? This is proof right here). I want to solve problems but I just don't care. I never did. Only before my negative symptoms started and that's when I was really good at math. I just don't care about any of this. But I'm alive still. Then I think about suicide. It's hopeless and I should just tell people how I really feel for once and have confidence in my own thoughts of what reality really is. I wish someone here could help me. I'm really struggling. Am I supposed to just take meds to shut my brain down s
o I shut up about this stuff because I can't sort out the madness that reality really is and everyone is so beautifully brainwashed? _NAME_ hawking doesn't believe in god. What if he had a psychedelic experience? I see many trip reports like ""Atheist meets God"" and all the stupid God posts on the _NAME_ hawking facebook group page. Intelligent people can believe in God still. But reality is really messed up. It's like the crazy people are right or wrong until proven right or wrong and science is theories which are proof.. And what is proof? An effect.. cause and effect.. Idk I'm not even thinking anymore I'm just being lazy because I don't care. But I'm done. Reality is a joke and I'll leave it at that and not bother with this anymore and just live my life.. But life is about living in insanity.. So I think of suicide.. It's quite hell. I suppose the psychedelic trip made my psychosis worse, then better, then worse again as my injection was decreased.. Maybe I need it. It should be tomorrow cuz it's week 3 
but I'm waiting 4 weeks now."
175878022,Trick question 1515
175878023,I have a pill cutter.
175878024,Awww. The good ones are already taken!
175878025,I’m on 150 Invega injection…I’m forsed to take it. I had the injection yesterday
175878026,It means not to be jealous
174324102,"Here is a lot cheaper! The costly things are the appointments with the docs. Aripiprazole and clozapine costs less than 5€ each and risperidone too for 2 months supply…The bad news is that new meds sometimes take more time to get here. I think it’s stupid for the countries to charge more for the meds, usually people with our illness are poor and they could save tax money in prisons and improve people quality in their work, or in other words, people could be more productive and bring more money to the economy if they were willing to try the meds, which if it was cheaper I think they wouldn’t mind so much."
175878027,"Zyprexa can cause that? I don't know, it's been causing that for me lately. I just say that cause sedation has been a major problem for me lately."
175878028,There is nothing good. But it can get a little bit okay if food is good and you are allowed to get home for a day on weekends.
175878029,"I’m glad you’re ok, _AT_MENTION_ . That’s really scary."
175878030,Pad Thai prawn one With duck spring rolls for starter Mmmmmmm
175878031,"Japanese knotweed is the plant they use to make resveratrol supplements from. They think it could be the resveratrol that kills pathogens. Too much resveratrol can affect the thyroid so I’m only taking 30mg of resveratrol. My resveratrol is from Japanese knotweed. Peanuts, chocolate, Japanese knotweed, red wine etc etc…are rich in resveratrol."
175878032,I took Keflex years ago when I was a young man. I didn’t have any reaction to it.
175878033,Tell me about it. We have 7 people and 1 bathroom
175878034,_AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ Hydroxyzine
175878035,"Welcome, _AT_MENTION_, glad you could make it."
175878036,It’s fine that you’re grandiose now but don’t be mean. And you’ve posted a thread like this several times and referred to yourself as a genius several times too. It doesn’t take a genius to realize you’re talking about yourself.
175878037,"Yes I am, I hear very faint voices when I’m sitting in my seat. How are your voices? Iv Got negatives pretty bad"
175878038,"not really a weak drug imo, not as physically dangerous as other drugs, but definitely potent psychoactive effects. i used to smoke weed everyday and over time starting feel different but i continued and one day got full blown psychosis and i was having strong auditory hallucinations 24/7, stopped the weed which made a big improvement because it would amplify them alot but psychosis isnt always as easy to get rid as just stopping whatever drug triggered it and i had to get on antipsychotics and they pretty much completely got rid of my hallucinations just took time and finding the right one id say stop the weed if you havent already and see a psychiatrist, the sooner you treat the problem, the more easy life will be,"
174324121,"Remember,the gene is the healthy condition,the disease and the cure ! if there is no cure ,the first gene is just a written speech in the paper !"
175878039,I just got dizzy when I tried to stand up.
175878040,"I’m 59 and I don’t consider myself old yet, although I wouldn’t start medical school now. I think I still have a lot to look forward to. Like travel for one. If I can ever make myself spend the money and do it."
175878041,"Nope, I work Monday and Tuesday. Then I'm off Christmas Day. Then I work Thursday. Then I took Friday as a vacation day. But I am ready for the weekend! Even though I'm just going to be at Church for most of it."
175878042,I have strong delusion that I am going to be spy YouTube home page has videos for spies I don’t know wt to do?? Voices in head want me to be their spy in foreign country I said I will not be And the fight begin in my head
174324110,"Sleep deprivation has been shown to induce schizophrenia-like symptoms like hallucination, delusions and paranoia. Trust only your psychiatrist, he’s the only one qualified and experienced to treat schizophrenia."
174324112,"GoodTherapy.org Therapy Blog – 31 Mar 16 The Promising Role of the Gut in Treating Schizophrenia Already linked to other mental health symptoms, the gut flora (also known as microbiome) is an increasing area of interest as it relates to schizophrenia."
175878043,Hey welcome!! Hope you enjoy your stay?
174324116,"Just the other day, while i was walking, these 2 approached me from behind and said “From what we know about him, it’s going to be something big” They also live above my parents apartment, that’s when i started blasting the no signal mp3 that they play on off air programming. I heard them say “this damn neet” and “i think he’s stupid”. They were new neighbors that were sent to observe us with microphones. I wish they’d just leave already, i’m already stressed from getting schizophrenia. I’m trying to put my life back together over here. jeez"
175878044,just had a donut
175878045,"Wow, just at 1mg? So many people I met increased their dosages year by year. That’s crazy man. Yeah, definitely dont cut back under the guidance of a pdoc."
175878046,I am also the male sex
175878047,"im not sure, I’ve been diagnosed since age 26, now 35, so 9 years, but I think it may have started showing up with bad anxiety and paranoia, disorganized speech and thought, as early as 17-20, I didn’t even know what a psychiatrist was at that age, and wouldn’t have trusted them had I known what they did so I never sought help. it wasn’t until I was forced to see one, I was diagnosed as sza."
175878048,It sounds like a combination of disassociation and psychosis.
175878049,"It is also weird how mental disorder, neurological disorders and brain injuries can change your beliefs and personality. _AT_MENTION_"
175878050,Reason for being disabled doesn’t really have anything to do with the question?
175878051,I am going to go write some fiction I think.
175878052,I know what you’re describing. I’m sorry that you’re anxious. It sucks. I left a test incomplete this morning. I’m sending you hugs… they can be air hugs if that’s all you can handle.
175878053,You can’t overcome delusions without meds. Many treatment-resistant cases here who still believe in their delusions.
175878054,"Thank you _NAME_ for your kindness. Thank you all for the comments and pulling back the curtain to reveal how you truly feel. Like all of you I hate to feel such anxiety. Life should be filled with happiness. Things like Covid19 drain the soul. We have such a short time upon this earth. As I age it bothers me in such a tremendous way the suffering of others. The wretchedness of life can be so depressing. At times I feel so useless, unable to affect the lives of others. That being said the kindness of this small group of people give me hope for a better day. God bless you all"
175878055,"Hi Leaf don’t worry about what you think are causes, just tell symptoms that’s what docs do. That’s why we pay them the big bucks for the diagnosis… It could be nothing at all, a checkup will tell for sure."
175878056,"When I first hallucinated the experience was unmistakenly a voice I heard. Within days I realized I was not hearing anyone as one usually does, so the explanation became telepathy - also quite more difficult to disprove. In this sense I shaped it. I think something analogous may fit your case, where the psychological solipsism is accounted for by metaphysical solipsism of your own making. While you may have been the agent of the latter but not so much of the former, the question of faking it - or rather, making it - may have become pressing."
175878057,I hate hypomania. Fills my head up with unattainable ????????.
175878058,Chances are there was a real guy there. Chances are he had a camera. But zero chance he was an agent. First of all agents on stake out wear casual clothes. Secondly they don’t get out of their cars to take photos - it makes them too obvious. Trust me my major problems are thoughts of being followed by people with cameras. Truth is people out and about do some weird stuff. 99% of the time the observer just dismissed it. But when we are ill that ???? has major significance. But it’s just the illness tricking you
175878059,Mate. I can relate. I’m running a car on a pension. Seems everytime I get a little bit ahead I have to spend money on the car. Just annoys me never being able to save a bit for a rainy day! I just got a service and two new tires and in the next couple of months need a timing chain ( $500 ) and rego ( $300). Just as I was putting money away! Enjoy the extra matey. You never know when that dumb car will bite you on the Ass!
175878060,"its a star chart of when i was born, its a free thing on Astro Dienst website you go here astro.com All Horoscopes at a glance Beside the top-class horoscope interpretations of the Astro*Intelligence series, www.astro.com belongs to the websites with the largest variety of free horoscopes on the net. This page informs you about all of them. Enjoy your expedition! you then click on chart drawing and put in a few details about your birth then you get your own star chart of when you were born, you can then look at other things about what it means, its very interesting, i blacked out my name at the top using the paint tool on my computer so its kept anonymous"
175878061,"Nah, my dad was definitely a jerk. With major anger issues."
175878062,"When I do start feeling down before I’m totally down I do some cbt stuff to raise my mood. First if you’ve never tried it I recommend the woebot it’s an app that does cbt using a chat bot......it was free last time I used it. Second I recommend the pick three technique this is behavioral. You pick three things that are fun to you or used to feel fun and do them all at once. You’ll need to pick three different senses to appeal to. So let’s say you goto a beach, you’ve got the sound of the surf for ears, build a sand castle for touch and bring a picnic for taste. If you’re on your bike, make sure to bring some favorite tunes and maybe a snack. If you’re at home you might want a scented candle or incense with some music and a coloring book. Get the idea? Somehow combining the senses together like this is a huge mood boost. Now it’s best to do this as you slide into depression not while you’re at rock bottom...basically it works as a preventative."
175878063,I just found out that another local CVS has it and im gonna go there in about 30 minutes.
175878064,3 years then I took a break. Then went back and forth between taking/not taking for about a year. And I’ve been on them ever since.
175878065,I can’t do math anymore My exams I get bad grades on etc
175878066,Sensitivity to family like that can be a warning sign of relapse. Just saying.
175878067,Being scared of your husband is a good reason for leaving him.
175878068,I can’t get out of bed anymore on antipsychotics. I stay in bed 90% of my time.
175878069,"I haven’t either, but today i was desperately in a bad mood, and thought i would give it a try. I actually helped a lot. I think i will do it in the future when i am having a bad mood swing (i suffer from moodswings)"
175878070,"I know haldol puts on weight gain. Since my last major weight loss I gained 100 pounds back. I'm now 200. Well, over. More like 210."
175878071,Just popping in to say we aren't dead.
175878072,"If I only get a 50 on the final, I will still get an A in the class"
175878073,'like a literal arranged marriage lol
175878074,"Cleaned up the yard, swept the dirt and glass etc.. My mom told me to do it while she is gone. I was going to read after I do it but now I feel too tired. Will be sleeping soon. Not sure what I'm gonna do tomorrow. I should plan it."
175878075,"Oh, U$ 160 would be almost unpractical here in Brazil. Psychologists charge around to U$ 40-50, but, there are people who charge just U$ 15 depending on the case."
175878076,"Hmm. . . When It Comes To Being Abused. One Has To Ask Themselves, Am I A Victim?. Or!, Am I Brave Explorer?. If You Set Your Sights On Overwhelming Your Senses With Horrific Memories. You May Not Be Able To Step Out Of That Irrationally Disgustingly Filthy Metaphorically Dead Building. In Short, Jus Means…, Why Waste Energy On Those Who Commit Horrific Acts On The Innocent?. Instead, Drop Your Weapons, Look To The Sky, And Walk Away. With Such A Short Amount Of Time On Thus Earth. There Are Many, Many, Many Better Things To Focus On. And It Won’t Take Much To Discover How You Can Free Yourself. The Answer, The True Answer. Waits Inside Of You. Your Mind, Heart, Body, Aura And Energy. No Need To Spin In Circles Trying To Understand Why. Sometimes Mystery In The Language Of Trees, As Foundation. Will Be Able To Give You Some Rest. If Not There, Then It Could Be Jus A Hop, Skip, And A Trot Down Your Personal Dark Pathe. Although You Might Need A Candle To Light The Way. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Lo
ve, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175878077,But this is before I was faking it or thought I was faking it. Like I think I did this when I was 18.
175878078,"My brother and sister have never directly said I am attention seeking. My sister though has said on several occasions ,including the letter she did for my autism assessment, that when I got ill everything revolved around me and my behaviour. My brother has never made such remarks. What my sister fails to grasp is the attention I got wasn’t very positive or encouraging. Let’s just say my parents were as intellectually aware of severe mental illness as a lay person could be in the mid 70s,but on an emotional level weren’t that supportive."
175878079,"I had persistently doing cardio(30min if either treadmill,elliptical or bicycle) for many years.I think doing that long has caused a negative effect on my muscle grow…now I do more weights then cardio…I probably do 10min each day"
175878080,Welcome back!
175878081,Your poems are great. Unique.
175878082,"Don’t be too hard on yourself, keep it up… You can do it My younger sister started keto a week ago and has been encouraging me to try… so I probably will and see how it goes…"
175878083,"SZ shrinks the brain, I learned it in my psychology courses. They showed us MRIs of normal vs SZs brain images. Its true."
175878084,My left hand would curl up into a ball when I was on Navane decades ago. Could be EPS or TD. Contact your doctor _AT_MENTION_
175878085,"I’m starting to give up on my hopes and aspiration. I’m not sure if the work involved is worth it. Then again, I know I’d regret it looking back if I didn’t try my damnedest. Ugh life"
175878086,That’s great :). I hope you are able to save and do that comedy stuff. Way to take initiative on your dream
175878087,I'll trade ya! With as warm as it's been already it tells me it's going to be a long hot summer. Perfect fire weather. I'm sure we are going to have a doozy of a fire season. We are in such a drought.
175878088,Beautiful artwork _AT_MENTION_ I really like the vibrant color combinations.
175878089,This could be very true. I was always very jealous of my lover’s dogs.
175878090,Does it make you sleepy?
175878091,"It has helped me in many ways… I think better , I’m more productive on Vraylar but I can’t ?????? sleep"
175878092,Yeah they’re by th fresh eggs but in a bag prepeeled. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175878093,"Lol my therapist pretty much told me I don’t need therapy at the end. Obviously not in a blunt offensive way, but it was just like. Woah. I thought you guys always wanted more sessions. I guess she must have been booked up and I was one more booking in her schedule she didn’t need. At some point therapy runs its course and either you’re ready to branch off or you still have more you need to work through. For me, she was more of an emotional sponge so I guess I got the most important stuff off my chest. If you need more constructive stuff then that, then I reckon its a good fit for ya."
175878094,Groceries and ordered a coloring book made by a friend
175878095,Hmmm… Ok. I’ll see what the results of my heart checkup will be whenever I get it done this year. If I have to change my diet then so be it I guess.
175878096,"Neuroscience News – 8 Feb 21 Distinctness of Mental Disorders Traced to Differences in Gene Readouts -... Differences in the expression of gene transcripts shed light on how mental health disorders with shared genetic risk factors differ in onset, symptoms, course of progression, and treatment responses. Est. reading time: 5 minutes"
175878097,"What is one of the craziest thing you have done due to being paranoid or psychotic? Probably the craziest thing I have done is try to escape from the hospital because I was extremely paranoid that the people at the hospital were going to kill me. I asked to use the restroom and when I was in there I climbed up into the ceiling and tried to get out. I ended up breaking the rebar and security, or a cop, can’t remember which came through the door after I crashed down. I also thought I could turn the rebar that fell into a snake and told the cop/security dude that as I was holding the rebar and the dude told me to do it so I dropped the rebar and surprise surprise - nothing happened. Before that I had spit out the Ativan they tried to give me in the hospital bed because I thought it was poison. I did something after the ceiling escape attempt that was pretty crazy too but I need to see others stories before I tell all ha. I am completely stable now though, which is good."
175878098,"That was serendipitous. _PERSON_ texted me saying something like, ""Looking forward to seeing you on Saturday."" I was like um, we are scheduled for the following Saturday but if you have an availability on this Saturday, can I have it? So long story short, I get my regular time this Saturday with T. I guess I can make it a couple of days until I see her without crashing and burning."
175878099,_PERSON_. How long have you known them?
175878100,It’s really dumb how it works... Need job to get benefits to pay for medication. But at the same time - needs medication to get job. CATCH 22.
175878101,I’m sorry sucks having to wait for things like that.
175878102,I just ask because some wards calls the cops on anything physical (at least that is what I perceived). I thought this was a pretty heartless policy - giving someone a criminal record when they are really ill
175878103,Super cute I’d love one too lol
175878104,They look ok for natural.
175878105,I’m sorry tweaky. I been sitting around today. But I did some writing and will be applying for jobs today too.
175878106,"Well you could talk with your doctor about slowly tapering off and seeing if you improve. But you should only do that with your doctors knowledge. I sometimes think I don’t have an illness, but when I try to go off, I end up worse."
175878107,"Muttering, avoiding crowds, struggling with taking showers and eating, voices getting stronger, disorganized thoughts, weird behaviour, leaving food on tables to rot."
175878108,"I haven’t slept for 48 hours now, no idea why. It’s very frustrating, I’m so tired but I can’t sleep."
175878109,"Do you intend to keep your word? I’ve been addicted to pop and have been trying to quit for about 2 years now, and its just always in the fridge, I can’t make other people not stock it. So I get tired of water and boom progress down the drain. Keep trying toward progress, despite your flaws."
175878110,"Honestly, that’s a really low dose of antipsychotic medication. You’re already halfway there compared to most of us, who are on higher doses. Be very careful and keep them 100% informed! I wish you the best."
175878111,I hope you feel better soon _NAME_. I also drink quite a bit.
175878112,It worked for me before when I had my episode Maybe it’s just the med concentration running low
175878113,"I was unusually tired on abilify so I stopped it, and now on haloperidol. That is going ok nothing helps the voices or paranoia though. Everything makes me paranoid. The world seems like they are purposely doing things against me to hurt my mind."
175878114,I remember reading that the movie was not accurate in this regard. That he did not have many visual hallucinations.
175878115,qp|| The Uninvolved Breathing Moments Supply A Void Endless In Some Strange Wonder. ||||||
175878116,"I used to sleep like 12 hours a night on risperdone and mirtazipine. It was a problem for me for other reasons, but when I switched meds I started sleeping a normal amount. I’m not saying go ahead and switch your meds if you’re already stable, but if this is really that much of an issue for you, switching could possibly be one solution?"
174324134,"hi _AT_MENTION_. I have complex-PTSD. The kind that is caused by chronic, childhood trauma by the primary care giver thoughout the developmental years. The brain develops badly - as such I also have schizophrenia (according to my pdoc the abuse brought out this gene expression form a young age) and Borderline Personality Disorder. I have psychotic symptoms…all…the…time. Awake during the day and at night having nightmares. I have no ability to regulate my emotions. I can’t relate to anybody or form healthy attachments. It’s a horror story every day and my anti-psychotics only do a little, they lower my terror to high anxiety. That’s about it. I can’t form a healthy attachment to any therapist (they fire me or scream abuse at me so I fire them), so I’m un-treatable in therapy. I rely on meds only for any symptom relief. I hope you’re more treatable than me."
175878117,Exercise is overrated for reducing weight. Low carb diet works way more than just exercising. Avoid sugar at all cost and anything which comes in packet from outside of your house. If you wanna go on a extreme diet - become vegan for couple of months and you will see rapid drop in weight.
174324115,"Damn. I’m sorry to hear that your grandpa died when you were so young. I only ever had the one. My dad’s side of the family is a bunch of deadbeats, except for my grandma, who’s pretty awesome. My grandpa died 20 days ago, so I suppose the wound is still fresh. My family has all but abandoned me emotionally. Then, when I came here for help with both my grief and paranoia, I got attacked for asking if my paranoid feelings were correct, and for posting about “private family business” on a public forum. As if it were their place to decide how forthcoming I should be with my own information about someone who died. It’s not like I gave out his full name, military ID, debit card information, and social security number. Why the fu ck did it even matter? People are always attacking me over stupud sh it, and then, when I defend myself, I’m all of a sudden being a paranoid, belligerent ass hole. Oh, but then people will get all offended when I ask if I’m being paranoid, as if I can turn my sc
hizophrenia off when people don’t feel like dealing with it. Hallucinations are passive and involuntary, which means I have absolutely no control over them, so being scolded, no, I’m sorry, spoken to “emphatically” for not saying anything every time I hallucinate is not only pointless, but borderline idiotic. And when I speak, people just fu cking talk over me as if I need permission to voice an opinion. It literally happened just now. Every day, I just get more and more pissed off, because I’m tired of getting treated like trash, because I’m grieving too. Of course, as my mom always makes very clear to me, he was her father, and such sadness will always be much deeper than mine. But he was also my grandpa, and his loss created a hound dog shaped hole in my heart that can never and will never be filled. After I was stabilized, we hung out every day while my mom was at work and my brothers were at school. We watched CNN and ate together. We always shared our sweets and snacks with each other. He al
ways wanted to protect me. He even fell in love with _PERSON_ (he usually hates cats). He always said that he was going to eat his meals “with the gusto of a hound dog,” lol. He always tried to make my life easier. He was always asking me to teach him to do stuff by himself. Using the dishwasher, making oatmeal, using the microwave; he would eat frozen dinners so that I didn’t have to get up and make him food, even though I was (usually) happy to do it. I’m not going to lie; he did get on my nerves sometimes. A lot, actually. But overall? He was great. He was more than great. He was the best I could’ve asked for."
175878118,Oh right. Christmas. Stay safe
175878119,"But it felt like it was longer… I only recovered around a month ago (as in when the delusions and hallucinations stopped), no wonder everyone is worried I am not ready to work yet. I am obsessing again about things and maybe i need time out from here… but it feels tough…"
175878120,I’m sorry you’re feeling depressed _AT_MENTION_. I hope you feel better soon. It is an unsettling time right now. Try to manage your stress as best you can. Take care.
175878121,"I'm also wanting to learn Japanese, I have a few books on it"
175878122,You dont is sz?
174324131,Here’s it’s near the end of the meat case where they sell those mini canned hams.....
175878123,With comments like “You think you’re so cute.” said in a hateful way. Not everybody likes people enough to show us love. We have to shed it like water off a duck’s back. There’s no reason to be miserable just because someone else is having a bad day.
175878124,Did you check out the mermaid show a few boats over...I missed it Year one it was hard to find.
175878125,I moved from Missouri to California in 2020 and had a new pDoc. She almost misdiagnosed me as borderline. That freaked me out. But it all worked out. I still got a new diganosis of Schizoaffective with major depressive disorder. My prior diagnosis was paranoid Sz. I hope it all goes well for you. I think your idea of telling your new pDoc everything is a good idea.
175878126,"I’m sorry, should I bring in my teddy bear as well ?"
174324123,Don’t forget the biscuit.
175878127,U matter also but just be there for your wife
174324122,"“For more than 60 years, the treatment of schizophrenia has focused on blocking dopamine receptors. Finding a schizophrenia medication that works outside of a direct action on the dopamine system would be highly desirable, and SEP-363856 may represent such a breakthrough. The results of the Phase 2 trial are consistent in showing improvement in positive and negative symptoms, without the traditional side effects associated with dopamine blockers,” said _PERSON_, M.B.B.S, Ph.D., F.R.C.P.C., F.Med.Sci., _NAME_ Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences, University of Melbourne. “The results need to be replicated in further studies and broader populations, but, if these results hold, it could be a remarkable advance for patients and health care providers, as well as a great new avenue for exploration of new scientific mechanisms for psychotic disorders.”"
175878128,"""A novena is an ancient tradition of devotional praying in Christianity, consisting of private or public prayers repeated for nine successive days or weeks."""
174324125,National Elf Service – 15 Nov 19 Long-term outcomes of childhood sexual abuse #ISTSS2019 _NAME_ on an umbrella review which aimed to evaluate the current literature regarding childhood sexual abuse and long-term outcomes. I’m not at all sure about the ‘It’s all about trauma’ line of reasoning when it comes to schizophrenia.
175878129,"No, I loved P.E. and was very active."
174324126,Well negative symptoms cause lack of emotions so there is that too. Online they say ppl with high concentration are smarter so it may have an effect on intelligence.
174324128,I’ve taken amisulpride for seven years now and it’s an excellent med. It does help with depression and negative symptoms bit not completely in my case. My pdoc at the time put me on low dose of olanzapine to help with depression and later another pdoc put me also on lamotrigine a mood stabiliser. If I relapse - whether with psychosis or depression or hypomania and take a higher dose of my amisulpride it helps a lot. Hope it works for you too!
175878130,"Ok thanks for the responses guys. _NAME_, I meant soccer, uk is football which I’m still used to saying even though I’m in Australia now. Also, I’m looking to move out early August, so potentially looking in July. But I’m really anxious about the fact if I don’t get anything, Then what... I dread to think. I’m not currently working and I have three kids. I’m trying to be positive but I can’t be positive without being realistic which makes things hard. _NAME_.. thanks for your different kind of insight. I’m a very positive person, it’s what has gotten me through, but i also have kids that need better. What adds to my anxiety is that the place is small, there is no room for anyone and there is no garden for them to play in and I don’t believe that’s healthy personally. Where I’m living now, in Australia, the Wheather gets unbearably hot in summer so you are mostly stuck at home or at the beach, you can’t go outside or go for walks, I hate the Wheather here, I wish I never 
came back here, should of stayed in uk but that’s another story. I’ve recently seen a psychiatrist after 16 years of suffering all sorts of anxiety. I only saw her once and she mentioned sertriline I think it’s called, have no idea about it I’ve never taken anything, I didn’t talk to her about my living situation as I actually have worse things on top of that and that is what she thought might help... however I’m hesitant because of hearing about weight gain, just can’t seem to really win in life but I should be used to that by now!Post Edited (Mad world84) : 6/22/2020 5:46:28 AM (GMT-6)"
175878131,I quit after “Gone With the Wind”. It was a good little movie but it burned me out and I knew I was just lucky that a few people liked it. But making it took a lot out of me.
175878132,That’s a gross exaggeration. I’m sure you still have relatives or friends who want to hear from you.
174324140,"For friends and family | Mind, the mental health charity - help for mental health problems | Mind, the mental health charity - help for mental health problems Mind.org.uk usually has pretty good resources. If I find any others I'll post them, too."
175878133,"I’m sorry it happened to you, but you don’t get schizophrenia from drugs unless you already have it latent, ie. you have a pre-existing vulnerability. It would likely have been triggered sooner or later regardless. -_NAME_."
175878134,"As cliche as it sounds, one day at a time has been some of the best advice I’ve ever gotten. A little bit of effort when you can handle it, can pay large over time. And when you have a shity day, tomorrow can look a lot better For me, something physical is the most direct way to feel better. A little bit of exercise, oxygenating the blood…"
175878135,Thank you for talking with me tonight. Writing and talking helps sometimes
175878136,I get a depixol (fluanxol) injection. Lucky for me it works well. I like depots
175878137,I am really mistreated at my mom’s local Sprouts. They call me all sorts of names and I think they don’t care if I were dead. I think people can see the images in my mind which I feel they watch but they don’t have any manners. I wish they would get a taste of their own medicine I think this is the only way they would stop.
175878138,"How do you guys forgive yourselves for all the stuff we put our friends and families through ? I feel so guilty, everyone is always scared for me or of me and worried about me and i make everyones life ten times harder than it has to be and I can’t forgive myself for it or let myself be happy i think I’m a bad person and deserve to feel bad"
175878139,Hi _AT_MENTION_ ! Welcome!
174324141,"I just looked it up and got this Schizophrenia in Adults Taken orally 5-10 mg per day initially; if necessary, may be titrated upward in increments of 5 mg per day at intervals greater than 1 week Maintenance: 10-20 mg per day; not to exceed 20 mg per day"
175878140,"Most of my friends are poets so they embrace a more understanding, when not romantic, view of mental illness. If I’m not careful I’ll be gaining friends over sz. Besides, I’m old, I won’t allow late-onset SZ to re-write my entire life."
175878141,"Yes, i experienced it too and other clients did as well. I indeed suspect some nurses to get a kick out of their situation of power because thry are psychopathic."
174324129,For me Clozapine has been the best solution.
175878142,It’s totally a manic thing. When there is chronic brain inflammation your brain is on perpetual overdrive and you end up making life plans that change pretty much with the direction of the wind. Every little thing influences that fragile mindset and you’re in a constant state of “shiny object syndrome”. The only reliable way of stopping that phenomenon is to dial down the brain inflammation. Trying to out-think that mindset is like swimming upstream.
175878143,I have to study for my future but i cant concentrate and it’s too tough. i would want to work but i only achieved a highschool diploma and there’s no jobs for unqualified people. What do I have to do to get my college degree and get a good job if i cant study? My psydoc says im intelligent enough to study but i cant concentrate and i cant form social relationships with peers.
175878144,"I've slept all day, incredibly tired."
174324137,"Cbd could almost replace klonopin for me. But not quite. I rather take them both together. I’ve tried the gummies, flowers, pills, oil etc The flowers are obviously the most fun but least healthy cuz you’re doing damage to lungs. Not on saphris but I take 15 mg cbd a day. It really brightens up my day a bit. I dunno how much it’s doing in conjunction with my other meds but I’ll continue to take it if I can afford it. It’s sooo expensive. But becoming more and more available in the USA"
175878145,"Sounds a bit like Nirvana, really good."
175878146,"Common testosterone side effects (in men or women) may include: breast swelling; headache, anxiety; increased facial or body hair growth, male -pattern baldness; increased or decreased interest in sex; numbness or tingly feeling; or. pain or swelling where the medicine was injected."
175878147,I used to feel that way before heading into work when I was a CNA. What I did was leave 30 min early and sit in the break area talking with 1st shift and the early 2cnd shifters. It allowed me to relax and before leaving home I was looking forward to that part of work. It really helped.
175878148,My voices keep saying iam gonna get unlimited pain when die with the worst humiliation centered around geting eaten by dogs and drowning it suks
175878149,Hi Welcome back to the forum but sorry to hear you have had a flair up of your anxiety I think we are all in the same boat at the moment with this corona virus. I have degenerative discs in my spine and get really bad neck and back pain and when I’m feeling anxious the pain is magnified x 100. I like to do the standard stretching exercises that I’m sure your physiotherapist has shown you but I also like to use mindfulness meditation which helps with anxiety and chronic pain. Have a look at our resources section for some good links especially the mindfulness ones. _PERSON_
175878150,"Sometimes i want to put the issue into the “to hard busket” but i than i mentally work on it. No, i am not a mental loafer."
175878151,I wonder what happened to _AT_MENTION_. I hope he turns up again. He’s a great guy
175878152,"Sorry you’re going through this _AT_MENTION_ - mine used to be like that before I started meds, but now they mostly overlap and it can be confusing at times. Hope you feel better soon"
175878153,I took it in the morning about 8:00 and that seemed to do the trick.
175878154,I hope you feel better soon
174324146,I mean like schizophrenia itself is worthless but the silver lining in it is the recovery can make things amazing imo. Like I know people hated when I said that maybe schizophrenia has advantages. It doesn’t. But recovery does. If that makes sense.
175878155,Oh yeah I forgot to mention they offered me dinner so I ate a slice. And then they sent me home with tons of food!! And it is really good!!
175878156,it would be _PERSON_
175878157,"Wow, really awesome _AT_MENTION_ !"
174324143,Severe negative symptoms resembles catatonic schizo. Leading symptom is lack of activity. Which resembles severe negative symptom.
175878158,I’m really hoping my doctor does something.
175878159,"I was wondering what i would have been like if i had a more normal family and had no disorder, i think i would hate this version of me, im addicted to hating people that cooperate in any way"
175878160,"Stay strong, my friend. I know what loneliness is - not having anyone to snuggle up with really bothers me. I wasn’t a drinker but I did know the haze of a smoker’s pipe dreaming. I did quit and I think you can be successful, too. You’ll be glad you did."
175878161,I can’t get up from off the ground because of my mobility issues. A cabin would be amazing
175878162,blu misses me :3 I miss him too he makes me think about my uncle who passed a year and a half ago.
175878163,Did it ever go away? Does it ever go away? or does it get worse? I haven’t been diagnosed with anything but I do take risperidone.
175878164,Poppy seeds might show up as opioids on a drug test. Poppies... opioids... yup lol.
175878165,"Thank you Yes, in many theories backed up by solid mathematical models that fit what we know, there exists a multiverse in which infinite versions of how our universe plays out based on a quantum probability wave. So yes, there are actually infinite history lines alongside ours according to theory, and in an infinite subset of these theories humans never existed, or existed in some other form than what we know as human. As for speed beyond light, that is physically impossible. The reason is that time is literally the same thing as space, just in a different form. Time is related to space by a constant, which is… the speed of light, or 3.0 x 10^8 m/s. There is no concept of faster than the speed of light, because it would break that link between space and time. Space and time would become meaningless. You can however move in 3D space faster than the speed of light by folding our 3D space through an extra dimension and travel to another point in that space instantaneously. This would be known as a 
wormhole, its explained perfectly in the movie Interstellar: Imagine a piece of paper. If I have a point on that paper and another point at the opposite end, you could fold the piece of paper to make those 2 points meet. But that paper is 2D, being folded through 3D space right? Now imagine the concept of a 3D piece of paper being folded in this way. We cant imagine 4D space, we live in a 3D world, but to fold 3D space through the 4th dimension would be to technically travel faster than light in our perception. Thats the concept, anyway. Hope that makes sense"
175878166,"Yeah, I didn’t think they would work at first."
175878167,"Threw out every thing I own, on more than one occasion"
175878168,"If I said “all women” are ?????*s are some point, you guys would lose your minds _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ but its okay to say all men are dicks at some point? Double standards. Simply pathetic. Sexist."
175878169,I have an idea of what I want to do and what I want to read but I can't organize my thoughts. Everything is a mess.
175878170,thanks goodnight to you too sweet dreams.
175878171,"My favorite job is my current one, i work part time in a book shop!"
175878172,"Mines ex military, and she’s told me off, when I needed telling it straight. I have her mobile number she uses for work, so I usually get a response in a few minutes. Maybe I’m just lucky. She knows I like to vent on it, but said don’t worry cos she always turns it off at 5pm anyway lol. I wish I could be more help. Maybe you should sleep on it for a couple of days."
175878173,"Hi Rich, I am glad you got your dentures and like them. I am glad the procedure went well. I hope you have a good day. Hugs, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
175878174,Was it a cat bird? Or mocking bird? My grandma called them cat birds because they’d dive on the cats and made sounds like a cat.
175878175,Are you feeling better now _AT_MENTION_?
174324148,I guess I need a haircut But other than that There’s nothing wrong. Oh yeah … schizophrenia.
175878176,"It’s a good excuse to have some sugary snacks around the house. Idk if I should stop the metformin. It helped me lose over 15 lbs but I don't like the idea that I could be out somewhere and experience low blood sugar. And I don't like the fact that I have to eat so much to maintain my blood sugar Now I'm reading up on what to do if that happens. One of the suggestions is a tablespoon of honey, that's not too bad. I guess high fat foods, high fiber, and whole grain bread the sugar takes longer to absorb in your bloodstream"
175878177,"It isn’t “crazy” to Feel “crazy”, it’s “crazy” to Look Down on Yrself For Feeling Like Yrself!.."
174324144,"My pdrs didn’t tell me about negative symptoms until 9 years later when I was discharged from mental hospital pdrs. All my apts were at mental hospital for 9 years. Now I see my pdr at an external clinic and he said I have negative symptoms. Recently he referred me to an occupational therapist thinking it can help, its been 2 apts with the therapist and 0 improvement. I think my pdr gave up."
175878178,image750×531 23.4 KB A wise meme once told me. Figuring out how to let them go is harder
175878179,I had that experience!
175878180,"I think we submerge into the collective conscious and we share memories with each other to grow, why they are so random at times."
175878181,You really need to meet my in-laws.
175878182,"Risperdal, burspar, Zoloft. But I’m hoping to get a med change today"
175878183,"Yes they say that to me too, even when i had a seizure. Hugs to you."
175878184,Less than a year. I think six months maybe? It’s 10mg Zyprexa.
175878185,"they make too much money from medication.they love to find a treatment but not a cure.its called capitalism.more money,more money,more money baby."
175878186,"I tried to look up the house on the street, didn’t get very far, wasn’t sure if I met Natural or you."
175878187,Good you alright now man !
175878188,What can dangle from your waist and tuck into your sock? Answer: Your necktie! (Of course that’s what you were all thinking…uh huh…)
174324151,Worked great for me.
175878189,"SoO0…, When You Discover The Existence Of Honest, True, Real Happiness. You May Ask Yourself…, How Do I Also Feel The Complete Sensations Of Internal/External Happiness. Perhaps, The Answer Is Very Simplistic. To Be Satisfied, To Be At Peace With Your Mind & Body. To Observe Your Shadow And Not Judge. To Embrace Your Aura, The Invisible Colourful Layers Coating Your Flesh. To Trace The The Essence And Elements Of Your Circuits Of Energy, And Hold Tightly. The Sun. The Moon. The Birds & Bees. Our Breath Speaking Silently. With Every Living And Ghostly Tree. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic) P.s. Like Dreams, Reasons, Justice, And Being A New Human Being. Seeing Inside To Believe."
174324150,"No, Aripiprazole and olanzapine too"
175878190,And suicide or accidental death or putting themselves in danger
175878191,came home from php early and took a 3 hour nap
175878192,"Please read what I wrote above. People think I’m suicidal when I’m talking about my condition, which I’m not."
175878193,"If your pdoc and people around you are saying your thinking is different and you are acting on those thoughts, I would follow the advise of your doctors. They know you and have studied you enough to knpw you better … we don’t know you that well"
175878194,what do you mean by that?
175878195,"They dont want me to change to any other antipsychotic, not even Vraylar."
175878196,"I think when you had your IT job you were more stable. When you were not reducing your meds you were also more stable. The job and medications held your life together. However, you since left your IT job and reduced your meds causing this drastic deteroriation. You are about to go to school for mental health nurse. That will give structure and meaning to your life. It is something to look forward to. Hang in there until your school starts and I suspect you will feel better."
175878197,"It says: no calcification, no damage, no decreased white matter- all is clean and all is well. I guess that’s self-explanatory since I do not have sz. I have psychotic depression or PTSD-induced psychosis. I’m going to have another MRS done for my physical disability. Should anything occur, I’ll let you know."
175878198,"I think you can be both. Many disabled people do things with their lives, whilst others do not. The key is to fight being defeated, and rise up to the challenge. I was lazy for 6 months after diagnosis, but that drove me crazy, so I decided to do something about it."
175878199,Thank you bunches _AT_MENTION_!
175878200,Yes I did!
175878201,What
175878202,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m sorry you’ve dealt with this since you were young! It’s similar with my husband! He’s fine if you agree with him and keep quiet. But if you disagree, he loses it!"
175878203,sounds like fun
175878204,"The problem with taking it at day time is that it makes you drowsy and less functional. I have always taken it in the evening, and it was hard to get up when I was on 10mg. It’s easier now on 5mg. I have not found a way to counter the drowsiness in morning that works for me, except getting to a lower dose."
175878205,"Yes, walking helped me enormously when I could do it. I took a very long walk every morning after work. Sorry you're down. I hope tomorrow is better."
175878206,I like you
175878207,Why does it have to be involuntary? It sounds like you’re willing and ready to go.
175878208,"After being absent for some time, I got to the gym today. Picked up some snacks at the dollar store. Shared blah feelings with my sister."
175878209,No doubt. “Control or be controlled.” _PERSON_
175878210,"ScienceDaily Neurological brain markers might detect risk for psychotic disorders People who may hear and see things that are not there could have symptoms of psychosis, better known as psychotic disorders. Now, researchers have found neurological markers in the human brain that can be used to detect people at-risk for developing..."
175878211,"If you feel like ending your life, _AT_MENTION_ , please call your pdoc. Or, dial 911 if you have specific plans for ending it. Please don’t carry out any plans. Call your pdoc."
175878212,"I take a combo of Prozac and prazosin for my CPTSD. I don’t and haven’t taken Zoloft for it, but I know SSRIs can help."
175878213,I shower at night daily. I have to shower otherwise I feel grimy. I like to shower before bed. It feels good.
175878215,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ . I’ll accept that compliment. Not because I think that I am specifically worthy of admiration but because I think that most human beings are worthy of admiration if they have a good heart .
175878216,How are we trying to get back in the trees?
174324154,Also my psychiatrist says all APs play with your insulin to make you more hungry. Some meds like lithium increase your body weight by incresing water retention and by reducing metabolism via thyroid hormones. Also negative symptoms of SZ make you gain weight.
175878217,Yea my gp dr and my parents get mad bcz they think I laugh at them.
175878218,IMG_20200128_155304488×649 34.9 KB
175878219,"_PERSON_…you know what,I’ve got some self limiting delusion/deluting.I limit myself not to have actiivities involving female so that I stay true to my wife.My wife doesn’t mind that I join activities with girl,but I think I better prevent the chances of being liked or liked other girls if I socialize"
175878220,does anyone know about this group or similar group
175878221,"Get up at 8:30 and get to work by 10:00 am. Boss tells me to vacuum the upstairs and downstairs of the north wing. So I go off and I’m on my own for the next four hours. Everybody’s working at home because of the virus so there’s only a few people in a large building. I love it, the jobs never been better, lol. I take my time vacuuming and get the peace and quiet I crave with just a few distractions. I have a lot on my mind lately, it helps just to have so much space to sort things out. If I get tired I stop and rest and look out the window at the view. No ones bugging me or even looking at me for four hours. Screw psychiatrists and therapists, this is better than therapy. Throw in a diet Coke and chips and it’s a friggin party."
175878222,I’ve liked driving to the park with my mom and listening to the comedy station on satellite radio. Not exactly talking points but you tend to be able to play each ‘bit’ back on _USER_ID_. Or I suppose YouTube as well : )
175878223,I was 14. It started with depression and then evolved into psychosis.
175878224,"Voices said: you fat ???????, you are disgusting. You need to die"
175878225,Zeus is just a legendary figure. He never existed.
175878226,"Yet another banger man! I like this a lot, your voice matches the beat really well and the lyrics are sick One thing Ive noticed though is you always follow the same chorus-verse-chorus-verse-chorus formula. You should try to break out of that, I think your flow would hugely benefit from some variety in the song structure. Maybe start with a half verse, then go into the chorus, or have a bridge between the verse and the chorus in the middle of the song somewhere where you ramp up the energy till BOOM, the hook hits. Just a suggestion for the future. Otherwise killer dude!"
174324156,"I was so tired that I slept during my break. So far, they only gave me two more students one lesson each week. It is not too bad. I am still below 20 hours so am hoping that my delayed response to accepting students will give me some time. I feel fine now that I slept. I am always tired though. I should drink coffee. Sometimes, I forget to drink coffee. I drink about 1 to 2 cups a day when I remember. I am doing well now. So far nobody is complaining about me! This is nice!! If I can keep it this way, it would be great. But, sometimes I get lazy and don't prepare as well. I learned that first impressions are important so I need to focus on the first lesson. I learned some things from the head coach. I want to implement them and am slowly starting to do so. At least, the company is giving me support which is nice. I'm thinking of getting orthokeratology lenses and stop wearing glasses. They are expensive though so I have to think about it carefully. I want to improve my appearance so I feel good abo
ut myself. I am waiting to hear from the eye doctor's office for an appointment. Overall, I am happy!"
175878227,"i love them, im going to put my christmas gifts in them, got them today there huge. eBay Eco-Friendly Fabric Reusable Fun 3D Drawstring Large Size Christmas Gift Bag ... A convenient and easy way to wrap gifts without actually ""wrapping"" them. Just stuff, pull string, tie into a knot and you're done! Cool and colorful 3D design. Ditch the boring and typical gift bags and make gift giving fun with this cool and..."
175878228,"If you decide, let me know, you’ve got a llama listener!"
175878229,I have a go to quit every morning i get up. This way i know what doesn’t work. Tomorrow i going to delay. I take a shower instead of a cigarette. I will go from delaying activities to another.
175878230,Thank you for saying all of that. It means so much to have your support and reassurance too. Funny how so much to say crops up in between appointments it seems like sometimes!!! But… Thank you once more!!! : )
175878231,"i see,it is sad for you and them also…"
174324157,"I like myself way better on pills then off so it’s hard for me to relate, but your not a fake. Life is real and we have to live it. Dulled emotions, negative symptoms they suck but sometimes it’s just good to be relaxed"
175878232,I would feel bad if someone would have called the cops on me. So I would say that they should be informed about their condition and I would be happy if you said it any time soon.
175878233,I am sane and have created a new religion.
175878234,It’s very attractive with a man who takes care of himself. I haven’t had such a man in over twenty years. Maybe because of all my diseases I think I can’t set such high standards anymore. To me most important is that the guy is nice etc. I admire the self discipline it takes to do body building so it can take character. This makes me admire them for that. Just don’t become stuck up because that can be unattractive.
175878235,Yup. If the visit lasts for more than a day or two I get stressed
175878236,"Yeah that’s true, it could be"
175878237,That’s what I’ve done before until my parents stopped me
175878238,"I usually get up between 5:30 and 6:30 to use the bathroom, I take my Zyprexa then and go back to sleep until 9-10. Come downstairs and eat breakfast while online. Go back up to read a book until noon. Eat lunch at noon while online, then watch two hours of soaps until 3. Go back up to continue reading until 5:30. Have dinner while online, then watch news until my husband gets home from work. Bedtime and night meds at 8:30. Right now I am reading a novelization of the Bible called The Story. I am about 1/4 through the Old Testament."
175878239,Is another thing I want to stop… the stuff that happened at school is something of the past… i want to move on from that and stop feeling like a victim… i need to stop blaming people for the way i feel…
175878240,"I’ve never gotten a call back when I was honest up front, but I’ve made employee of the month multiple times at jobs where I didn’t disclose it until after I was already hired. It sucks, because it feels dishonest, but you need to make sure the legal protections are on your side. They can refuse to hire a disabled candidate. They CANT fire a disabled employee for asking for accomodations."
175878241,"My state insurance is going to be cut off, apparently 24,000/year is too much for my state’s government lol. I’m no longer going to be able to get Invega trinza considering it’s literally thousands of dollars. Apparently ziprasidone is $120 at my local pharmacy w/o insurance. I was wondering, instead of taking it twice a day like it’s supposed to be taken could you just up the dose x2 and take it once a day and have the same effect, without any weird comedowns or withdrawals or rebounds? ps, if you guys have any reccommendations for cost effective second generation antipsychotics im all ears."
175878242,"Oh I forgot I built a spreadhseet for this. I think to be save for you to lose weight at 278 pounds, according to my program you can eat 2780 calories. That equates to 243g of protein, 174g of carbs and 124g of fat. This takes into account your body type already. Of course eventually you will plateau as you get lighter, which would require you to recalibrate your macros."
175878243,I use to look up things I was diagnosed with but now I feel like I’ve forgotten or just haven’t looked up sz can anyone tell me more or post a link to a site that is relatively easy to read and understand? I’d really appreciate any help I can get
175878244,"My electronic scales measured % body fat as 25% a week before I got a DEXA scan done. The DEXA said it was 32%. DEXA is accurate to the gram, and it was done as part of a research project."
175878245,it’s _PERSON_ during Direct Energy Weapons.
175878246,I believe psychosis is just a brain process of malfunction. The symptoms are sz. And the damage is what happens if it is left to not fix itself either via itself or via medication.
175878247,I think my home groceries delivery will inevitably come to an end soon. I’m registered with 2 supermarkets and supermarket # 2 has no delivery slots for april. So I assume they’re stopping the service. Maybe. I can still order online and then collect them via taxi. Supermarket # 1 may follow suit soon I suspect.
175878248,I spend most of my time here so its my life. I am thankful too.
175878249,Guys I don’t want viagra or anything similar. I want my natural erection back
175878250,"I understand being upset about it but it was an accident, you're not a bad daughter"
175878251,No I wouldn’t (1515)
174324160,"I had no idea what schizophrenia was. When I got diagnosed, I was relieved but later realized it had a horrible _USER_ID_ attached to it. Also I was extremely psychotic at times, so I spent many years in confusion and in despair. Others were more accepting, until I realized my family absolutely hated the dx and would do anything to stop me from saying it."
175878252,"Well, in all honesty, the hospital will change your meds. They will probably give you a shot to feel immediately better, and then monitor you for a day or so. They will send you home with either new meds or a recommendation to talk to your pdoc about new meds. I think that shot to immediately feel better will do wonders for you, and help you be able to wait until Friday. It makes sense to get help and suffer less. It also makes sense to go in voluntarily when you aren’t a danger to yourself, rather than waiting until you are in imminent danger and possibly getting an involuntary commitment. Those are much less pleasant. But you know yourself well enough that if you say you can wait, I believe you."
174324158,I’m just in front of the computer or watch Tv all day. I smoke really a lot. In some days I would not have enough data volume on my GigaCube. So I will lay in bed and listen to radio for some weeks.
175878253,"i’ve been looking at lastminute.com for cheap holidays but i cant see anything i like yet, i was thinking of going with my mum but i think that may be too much work and she stresses me out, i’d like to go to italy too _AT_MENTION_ or Portugal, i want to go somewhere nearer like under 4hrs plane travel, i hate sitting on a plane, my mum says we could go somewhere when we get the car but it would have to be next year."
175878254,Counting calories is bad for my mind. I’m trying to focus less on calories and more on macronutrients.
175878255,"Yeah, I quit easily. I used to read books for fun everyday, but now it doesn’t look appealing anymore"
175878256,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324169,Didn’t help negative symptoms. Made me irritable and had sleep problems sometimes on it.
175878257,Actively working on my coping skills- thanks _PERSON_
175878258,Vanilla pudding
175878259,"But, it says, it would require a lot of cleaning because of the blood."
175878260,"Also, I’m on latuda. My pdoc thinks it’s less likely to raise blood sugar than other aps"
175878262,"Love my mom, she raised me as a single mother. My dad not so much. He cheated and was verbally abusive"
175878263,For my Father? Anemia injections
175878264,"Had alot of issues with zyprexa like dystonia, and Parkinson’s like symptoms."
175878265,I’m glad they’re not yet concerned. I hope the tests come out in your favor
175878266,I think this is only possible in a marriage. My wife knows what I’m going to do five minutes before I do.
174324165,Some meds take up to 2 months to reach full effect. Give it time
175878267,"medved said... I tried CBD oil hoping it would help with my anxiety and sleep. It has not helped. Benzodiazepines work great for me but I take them extremely rarely because I wa t to avoid dependence. I’m interested in the 75CBD/25THC MCT oil. Seems like it would be a try. I don’t mind a slight high but I don’t want more than that. (Don’t want it to backfire and increase my anxiety). Is there a particular brand you know of? Thanks. Good morning. Yeah, I share your concern for dependence on benzos and the THC causing more anxiety. The high CBD strain at my medical marijuana dispensary is BAOX 5:1 (CBD:THC). Depending on where you live, I'd call and ask those dispensaries/legal businesses in your area to see what high CBD/THC strains they offer. Good luck finding what works for you. Cheers."
175878268,"Hi everyone, I have affective psychosis and a severe learning disorder. My family takes care of me and right now I am in respite care so that they can pack so we can move. The people taking care of me are nice. I’m a little shy because I need help with things like showering and I am incontinent which is super embarrassing. I feel shy about having strangers take care of me. Sorry, I just don’t have many friends or people to talk to. My family treats me like a child. Thank you for listening."
175878269,I take lorazepam!
175878270,I'm working on both a poetry book and autobiography. But it will be long both of them. So it may take me a while but not too long I'm guessing since I dont work or anything.
175878271,My mind has been focused on death here lately. I think I'll die soon or something.
175878272,Yes that’s the video I was talking about lol
175878273,Then i dont think so. In the above example i was defending myself. For the rest i never used physical force i think.
175878274,I hope you feel better soon. Do you have a fever?
175878275,did you see unbroken? He had ptsd and flashbacks from POW camps and was healed.
175878276,I took a bath. I wrote on here. I sorted a lot of coins to take to the bank.
175878277,I am the master of conversation
175878278,"Oh, oh, oh !! How many guesses do we get ? _AT_MENTION_ only gave us 3"
174324172,I guess since so many people are afflicted and I’ve known of the word as far back as I can remember I never thought to look it up. The article was more specific and meaningful than I imagined. (I thought it would be vague/nebulous) It IS “subjective” and “unfocused” but there’s much more to it. For me it’s probably more impactful than my schizophrenia.
175878279,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878280,So? What is so wrong with mentally ill women? This is an attitude I see a lot in mentally ill men and hardly ever in mentally ill women. I am dating an autistic with PTSD. And it works great for us. Disabled people can date other disabled people and be very happy.
175878281,She’s probably worried about you. Maybe she’s remembering a time when you went unmedicated and doesn’t want you to go there again
175878282,They are trying. Still get a lot of morons that think they’ll get it by visiting a Chinese restaurant. I saw on the news stupid things like that. Same type of people asking if you get it from Corona beer.
175878283,This is why I want to be a research psychologist because so little research is being done. So little. No research= no improvement.
175878284,"Like I said, no worries. Of course we are cool."
175878285,"Can’t remember life or existing before 2011. Woke up schizophrenic from pot. Im stuck in a causal loop or eternal time loop for infinity and eternity in 2011. In 2013, i got sicker in some ways like i either got a marijuana card after i got sick in 2011 from pot… I thought i had social anxiety from aspergers. Anyways, i think i got psychotic or schizophrenic dreams that cause psychosis and delusions when i wake up. Thousands of them. Feels like past lives in parallel universes which suggests im stuck reliving my life for eternity with paranoid schizophrenia in a never ending causal loop or time loop. I kind of want help but realize there is no help. I researched _NAME_ about cloning and rem driven consciousness. Im a victim of the illuminati and aliens, mainly. Im poor, have limited education, and dont work and im fat… I dont have any money but realize they got to me in 2011 at college or even before that and messed with my soul and spirit and consciousness and brain. Im starting to realize i
m delusional and said delusional things like me having kids, but i dont. I just get intrusive, repititive, ocd thoughts and wake up delusional and cant tell whats real. Ive never been intimate or had sex, but felt like i was severely traumatized thousands of times. I keep going back in time. Most of what i said isnt real, but either i remember my past lives or im schizophrenic. Like i can retain some information from previous loops or iterations. I was tortured by aliens via soul transfer or consciousness transfer thousands of times. I guess i died all those times and came back alive. Thats the nightmare of schizophrenia. Experiencing and believing things that arent real. I think they ?????? with my soul, consciousness, and sentience and i woke up in this reality from another reality via “soul transfer” and or was a person without a soul or sentience/consiousness from 1989-2013 when i ‘woke up’ or regained my self and external awareness in reality. Happens in every life. I have some mild theories how 
this all works, but dont know really. Im insane in every life with the same thoughts and delusions mostly. I think its mostly artificial and given to me on purpose. My Christiam faith helps me and protects me from harm, but i still keep resetting and reincarnating back in time. My biggest fears were the local mental hospitals, but im like 50-75% over the fear and trauma and nightmares since i found christ. Im not even sure if it even happened there mostly in a past life/parallel universe/hollywood set/or DUMBS/Simulation… If we live in a godel universe, we could go back in time and if string theory is right, there are infinite space-time points i think… Thank you."
174324174,"Somethging I always assumed to be true, at least on Twitter. The term ""schizophrenia"" is known on twitter as a mental illness people struggle with. The term ""schizophrenic"" is known on twitter as an insult or negative connotation to mischaracteristize people."
175878286,I want to go out to out with my family and go shopping.
175878287,"I meet many nice people. Most people at work are polite, respectful and pleasant to me. And I return it. There are a few jerks but I figure it’s just life that I am going to get fu*ked with a little at some points during the day. And I try to return that too. I realize I can’t win all the time and just knowing that sure eases the burden. I like to say, “Life isn’t a sprint, it’s a marathon.” And my time will come."
175878288,"I hope no one breaks in my place today, how do you keep safe? Why do they want to murder me? I pray this doesn’t happen."
175878289,you can move into the workout room lol
175878290,"Not in a political climate like this. Can’t have you-know-who winning a second term. A vote not cast is a vote cast for him, in my opinion. _PERSON_, not that much money. I suppose I could ask my mom, but really in therapy I end up confirming my delusions and I can’t have that. I don’t want to destabilize. I dunno. I know it’s stupid, this feeling, but no matter how many times I get like this, I have the hardest time getting out of it."
175878291,Please go back on your meds…you seem lost to me. You used to be intelligent and coherent when compliant. Your family must be beside themselves.
175878292,sorry hard to describe the past 3 months or longer it has got a lot worse i seem to be able to get my head straight on my shoulders there is very little range of movement and sometimes almost locked in pain not wanting to move
174324170,I don’t think so. Nothing is an obsession.
175878293,You got this. _PHONE_NO_
175878294,"_AT_MENTION_ my sister and I used to have that lying between us. She used to do modeling, and my mom always favored her for her size and beauty. I used to feel jealous. Then I found out how stressed she was under the pressure of being the favorite. She was afraid to deviate even slightly because she saw how much ridicule I faced on a daily basis from a mom who tried to force me to be feminine. Once she started expressing herself, she got a lot of hate from our relatives who thought she was the “normal” one and scolded her for wasting her beauty. It’s not always easy being the hot sister."
175878295,I also prayed a lot and asked God to help me and I think that made a big difference
175878296,Aww how sweet…
175878297,If you’re stable on meds anything is possible.
175878298,Tbh it sounds like a DNS issue.
175878299,"Important to note that correlation does not mean causation. As noted in the article, it could be a difference in diets."
175878300,"Our chemistry professor in high school told us about some brilliant young chemist made some kind of profound, earth shaking discovery in the field of chemistry, but he got sent out to fight in the trenches in World War I, and he got killed. Our professor said there was no telling what he could have done if he had lived. There were men of great intellect on both sides who fought in WW I, but most of them survived. _PERSON_, the author of the “Lord of the Rings” trilogy, fought in the Battle of the Somme. He survived, but it was evident from his letters that he knew there was a very good chance he’d be killed. Ten thousand young men got killed in the first hour of the Somme."
175878301,"Just got a text from pdoc, he said side effects from EPS meds are not permanent."
175878302,Downloaded Final Fantasy XV on Xbox one.
175878303,"Just one more month guys!!, s***, ive been waiting for this for like five years."
175878304,"When I was unmedicated, I saw Jesus standing on a street corner, and he told me to follow him. I need to take medication."
175878305,"You’re completely ok. I’m rough around the edges when I first wake up. That’s why I usually give myself about 2 hours to wake up. It’s not you. I’ve been up all night excited about things going on. Little sleep. But then at the same time this issue has been bothering me more and more. So sorry I took it out on you. I’m sorry to SP too. I think I’m more of a curse to her than her threads. It’s always me. The issue bothers me so much for so many reasons. I used to ride my bike too for like 2 months when I was living with my dad. Nothing came of it. So I quit. I don’t just give up on losing weight easy. It’s just absolutely nothing comes from everything I do. And when I think about how I stopped my meds cold turkey and got sick, and lost 75 pounds like it was melted butter, with little to no diet change, it only makes me think even more it’s the AP. People say they’d rather be fat and healthy. But imagine people telling you how pretty you are growing up and they wish they’d l
ook like you. And then because of AP’s due to my health reasons, no one, not even your loved one, tells you you’re beautiful anymore. My parents push me to lose weight. My sister pushes vitamins on me and my mom too. My dad says I will lose my fiancé if I keep at my weight. Just etcetera etcetera. Everyday I have to hear something new. Just the other day my grandma asked if I put on weight and how big I look. Like really? And then I get made of for it. And people wonder why I am the way I am about it."
175878306,In my head Outside my head Both 0 voters
175878307,Happy go lucky!!!
174324181,I haven’t been able to: master piano (yet). perform piano for an audience. overcome my negative symptoms. swim in my apartment complex pool. make any friends. lose 10 lbs.
175878308,It keeps me busy and doing something. I don’t know what I’d do without smoking. I’m not quitting anytime soon.
175878309,Hey that is a good idea about the headphones! Will definitely check it out. Feel like wearing headphones in the flat just now. But unfortunately I am in that phase of being as quiet as a mouse so I can eavesdrop on the scheming neighbours. I appreciate eavesdropping is rude and counterproductive. BuT I worry if I don’t listen in on their conversations I will miss crucial intelligence of when the riot police are coming
175878310,Have you tried Geodon?
175878311,so you live somewhere where there are mountains and beach near together ?
175878312,"I’m going through the same thing myself (still in hospital down with depression). You are NOT worthless, so there."
175878313,So your sayin cooties exist. _PERSON_ explains it all now
175878314,"I am stress eating. I’ve had a Charleston Chew, an egg salad sandwich, ice cream w/hot fudge, and now Combos. No wonder I never feel good ?"
175878315,Today is getting to me. I feel like music is sending me messages but I can’t make them out.
175878316,"I’ve only ever heard one instance of a voice being any where near “loud” generally my auditory hallucinations sound like mumbles, although for some odd reason on occasion I’ve hallucinated orchestral music."
175878317,Makes depression wsasy worse for me.
175878318,Hey newtus!
175878319,"In shamanism, it is believed there are certain beings (sometimes pieces of the consciousness of dead people, particularly pieces of the negative aspects of these people) or parasites that interfere with the human mind and manipulates people in varying degrees, to prevent people from living happy lives (to these beings or parasites, negative emotions are like food, that is why they do this, they need people to suffer as much as possible, and what a better way than talking all day to you mentally so you develop SZ symptoms, or interfering with your mind so all you can think of is getting high, or interfering with your emotions so you develop clinical depression) There are two bodies, one is energetic and the other one is physical. In some people alignment between these two is good enough for the parasites/negative beings to be unable to interfere with their lives, or to not be able to interfere so much that the person develops serious emotional or mental health problems One very efficient method to m
aintain good alignment between both bodies (and thus to avoid interferences from parasites) is to massage an area which is located 4 fingers below the umbilicus, and from there you massage an imaginary line that goes until the end of the sternum While you do this, you must follow your intuition and let it guide your consciousness to try to maintain full body awareness, and this must also be done all day. With practice and dedication this will become extremely easy and you will be able to stay emotionally and physically balanced and the SZ symptoms will fade away or will be drastically reduced, so drastically reduced that it is no longer a problem, and you can function normally and enjoy life again You must always ignore the voices and these chains of negative thoughts that seem like never-ending broadcasts, and this can be done through body awareness, and you maintain body awareness with the massages (do the massages once a day) and following your intuition during the day with the purpose of being conscious o
f all your body and its weight resting on your hips, legs and feet Back in January I was hallucinating all day, saw blood everywhere and on peoples faces, and heard thousands of voices saying disgusting things to me, the voices were so loud sometimes I wasn’t able to focus on what real people were saying Took risperidone for a while but it would just work for a few days and then I’d have to double the dosage to get the same effect, however I was able to go back to normal following the methods described above Also stopped emotionally suffering from bad stuff, bad situations or people trying to do emotional harm… That is because the situations we experience sometimes distract us from our body, and when that happens, there is a interference (which can be instant, parasites are everywhere, the difference is that some people can be affected or not depending on their alignment level) that makes us feel bad or angry. Sometimes we can also feel like we go through the same experience a thousand times everyday su
ffering more and more, feeling hate for example, apart from sadness… Well, this method helped me to stop suffering, in fact I feel like I can handle everything and never will suffer again, even if a loved one dies, I just feel practicing the methods above made me much stronger emotionally"
175878320,Same with me. I have not worked much in my life. Longest time I held a job was one year and that was like a hour a week. I am happy to not be working. I volunteer a little sometimes. Managing my self is enough work otherwise. I have enjoyed working so it’s not like I never enjoyed it.
175878321,I can feel my agoraphobia kicking in along with my anxiety
175878322,"This stood out to me, I think the same thing Execpt it’s the _NAME_/Americans who are looking at my thoughts. I get messages from posts on this site which confirms they can actually read my thoughts"
174324171,"I believe it can help some people and think if really someone got a bad reaction to it 2 years later there must be another cause because the reaction must of been much sooner otherwise it doesn’t make logical sense to me. That’s sort of like saying my petrol tank was empty two years ago and now my car won’t start even though my petrol tank is full, it must be the fact that 2 years ago it was empty. It doesn’t really make much sense."
175878323,Feeling really good
175878324,"I?m on depakote. It helps with motivation, I dont realize I take it anymore, it agrees with me that much"
175878325,Just had my appointment with my therapist. She's gonna see if she can find some CBT resources to email me to help me with my severe anxiety.
175878326,Make one! I never make them due to the curse...
175878327,"I pushed a girl off an a la carte kitchen toy when I was at nursery, I wonder about past lives, did I think it was an idol; Allah means “the name of God”, it is not actually God Himself."
174324177,_PHONE_NO_
175878328,"I’m on 100 mg of sertraline, but I’m not technically depressed."
175878329,"Oh no, that’s too complicated for me But I get the coils cheap from China AliExpress. I get Quad Mesh Coil sub ohm."
175878330,I mean I think you are a bit of a troll even if you don’t realise it. How many threads doubting your diagnosis are you gonna make it? If you’re that certain then go and get a new doctor to give you an assessment. But don’t be surprised if they say the same thing.
174324180,"I did when I was in the hospital, and schizophrenia is what I was diagnosed with"
175878331,"I think the only problem was telling her that you loan money that isn’t always repaid. It doesn’t sound like you can afford to do that. If they think you’re giving your money away, they may continue an appointee."
175878332,"File for unemployment. They can fight it, but at this point I’d doubt they would try or would win. Plus if anyone else heard them say it and they fight you, you call them as a witness. Don’t let them ???? with you."
174324178,I sometimes have difficulties to recall words because I’m medicated but as I remember 22 years ago when I took Clozapine it didn’t worsen memory so much.
175878333,"Thank you EH. I’ve tried handfuls of them. Maybe I should try some new ones. My search would see me find the panacea, Novocain for the soul."
175878334,"Well, when I was in the hospitals, meals were the high point of the day. Anything they served was alright with me. They could have served roasted rocks and moss stew and I would have still looked forward to it. To be honest, I was in several hospitals and none of the meals were really that bad. Cheese sandwiches, oatmeal, or a slice of meat were really never that bad to me."
175878335,Because you never know what the mentally ill are going to do. We’re unpredictable.
175878336,Being afraid of Panic attacks used to bring them on for me…
175878337,"Ive currently been having on/off “relations” with a 24 year old chap. I was hesitant at first cos of the age gap. But he is a genuine nice guy. Its nothing serious - and im treating more as a hookup. Ive got a women ive been bonking on and off as well - shes not “so bad”, bit of a downer that she likes the drugs tho - and ive been a twat and been using with her lately, but ive given myself a kick up the arse and stopped that - before i get too outta hand with it."
175878338,Thank you so much!
174324186,"Change of subject: I had terrible acne for several years. My family wouldn’t just pay for me to go se someone who might help with my acne. I was seeing a psychiatrist regularly, and I finally asked him. He had a friend who was a dermatologist, and soon I was all better! True, happy story!"
175878339,BBB doesn’t punish consumers.
175878340,"Today I just realized I have PTSD of and from mental hospitals. I usually start having intrusive and negative thoughts of my previous hospitalizations, I stop talking, close myself in and make my mom feel guilty because she hospitalized me. I start blaming her and make her cry, I become very irritable and then cry at the end. I ruin the day for myself and her. I had very bad experience at the mental hospitals as they completely take my freedom, put me in rigid regime, test new medication with severe side effects on me, terrible food, very limited smoking breaks, total negligence of hospital staff even to shouting at me. I feel piece of crap and worthless at mental hospitals. Also other ill people make me feel weird. Also hospital reminds me of how I got sexual dysfunction. Spending a month, counting minutes, hours and days, not knowing when I’ll be released. The sad truth I have to get hospitalized to extend my disability. I can’t stop these intrusive thoughts, I keep blaming my mom and hurting 
her."
175878341,Why do you think meds are to sedate you but here people take them to avoid your EXACT symptoms? Do you think we all have microchips in our armpits here?
175878342,Milk duds.
175878343,My _NAME_ is spotty. I have several autoimmune disorders and bad arthritis. It’s been better lately.
175878344,"100% real?! Well that's a scary thought that I can't really tell if I'm hallucinating, or whatever it's called, unless someone said it wasn't real or if it's something that's beyond belief."
175878345,"yes, I think so. You have to be careful about the dose when taking this type of medicine."
175878346,Well just take it easy _AT_MENTION_. You do what you can. I’m sure in many ways you’re trying your best. Just relax and maybe when you feel a little braver you can do a little bit more. You got time.
175878347,"Thank you, I am going to steal that to make my case."
175878348,normal volume as if someone was in the room with me and inner monologue volume if i remember
175878349,"No, you don’t deserve it. Can you see a different pdoc?"
175878350,Ignore them and avoid religious materials.
175878351,"Yo _NAME_ Watch is a lot of fun, I have it for my 3DS"
175878352,I’m glad you have that outlet. I had a good upbringing with a poor but emotionally rewarding family. It is hard to comprehend how bad some people treated their kids but I’m learning. Keep up the treatment and keep up that healing. It’s not something you do overnight but you are strong to be where you are!
175878353,Congrats. Best wishes at your new job _AT_MENTION_
175878354,Welcome back from your hibernation then. I’m glad you’re off the pills and spending more time with us. I like having you around! Sending you some llama luck on your journey!
175878355,_NAME_!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!
175878356,We’re you teased?
174324183,Yes my multivitamin already has vit b1.
175878357,They make really good hand cream as well.
174324182,"Says it helps with schizophrenia, it has alot of benefits hope it works for me."
175878358,in the first psych ward i was in the fuds were not that great but in second psych ward the fuds were pretty good.
175878359,So what’s your IQ
175878360,"Sometimes I get the feeling that I'm wasting my time and I'm not good enough. With work, with school. I feel sometimes I'm just going to screw everything up."
175878361,I lead a simple life. But when something unexpected happens I tend to get overloaded. It takes a lot of willpower to keep things steady then.
175878362,I understand most of the meds I take are from petroleum byproducts.
175878363,"I’m happy for you! I’ve had almost every job, and I always say it doesn’t matter what you do. It matters who you are working with. The toughest job I ever had was an amazing experience, because my manager and coworkers were all amazing. And a job that should have been very cushy and easy was a total nightmare because the manager sucked. I’m glad you have a good team."
175878364,Work is going great. I’m going on my second week. They say it’s the most fast-paced job on campus. I’m doing pretty well. My trainer said I kick ass!
175878365,Hmm my belief holiday doesn’t give out presents. We only give money to the kids and the elders. I’m thinking about body care for his moms (mom and step mom). Is it good? No idea yet for the dads. Didn’t have dad for a long time haha ? But now I do!
175878366,"Strange that only you and treebeard have felt insulted. Plenty of ther people have disagreed, but didn’t express anger or resort to insult or character assassination."
175878367,I’m learning this early intermediate piece right now. I will try to post a soundcloud clip when I perfect the piece.
175878368,that’s good =) i’m glad you found a way to know you are taking the right meds.
174324190,?nvega is very helpful for my concentration.i read 5 hours a day without any problem.
175878369,I’m down to six cigs a day. As long as I keep it that way I’m not too concerned. I tried wellbutrin with no success. I once quit for over 3 months by cold Turkey and listening to self hypnosis vids on YouTube.
175878370,"When they’re not telling/hinting me I’m going to be tortured after death forever, they’re telling me how they’ve ruined my life, and at the same time the fake thoughts telling me all the things I wanted to do in my life and could have done had I not caught this condition."
175878371,"Thank you, I appreciate that."
175878372,"I see both. I think they’re both still visual hallucinations, but I don’t know."
175878373,"Talked to my pdoc yesterday and she has increased my Olanzapine by 5 more mg which I kind of expected. That puts me at 20mg a day. I normally take it all at night but she wants me to take the extra 5mg in the morning and see how I do on that and I think that's a good idea. I woke up this morning feeling fairly upbeat (meaning no depression) and only a little anxious, so my DBT practice is working. I've been reading in a DBT book my last T gave me as a going away present (she got laid off). I had previously only skimmed it because I had read another DBT book and thought the new one would be redundant but I'm finding it's not. T appointment today in about 15 minutes and I look forward to it. I always do as I have a neat T. Hang in there everyone. _PERSON_"
175878374,no need to be sorry he was kinda shitty
175878375,"I don't see on the net where there is any physical therapy for that. They seem to be just saying limited walk if that's what you were doing before the surgery. I think your positive attitude is going to help, also. Be glad they have this procedure, for many years they did not. Let us know how you are doing."
175878376,Hang in there. You’ll be ok. I used to firmly believe I was going to die by 21. It never happened.
175878377,"Yeah, maybe - I didn't know you could dream when you're wide awake lol."
175878378,That sounds positively divine!
175878379,Lasagna again....that recipe made a ton.....
175878380,I am forbidden by your association with moderation from saying just how bad it is.
175878381,"I was originally diagnosed with bipolar and sza before they changed it to sz. Nowadays it’s back to sza, and borderline because of my mood swings and cutting"
175878382,You’re gonna be ok. Do the squared breathing. The voices are a nuisance but they’re not real.
175878383,"Okay, I assume this is a genetics question. From my knowledge (gathering all information about recessive genetic conditions): There are two inheritance patterns: autosomal dominant and autosomal recessive. Autosomal dominant means that you are getting this disease from one of your parents, and autosomal recessive means that you are getting two copies of mutation in the same gene from your parents, one each for one parent. Both parents do not have the disease in this case, but they just carry the mutation. Many of recessive conditions are inherited from generations to generations, meaning that many of the family members can share the same mutations. Some recessive conditions can cause intellectual disability and deformity. Although I am not a doctor, I would highly advise your father to get a genetic testing. The geneticist will know which panel to screen for. I was screened with neuromuscular panel, but your father might use a different panel or even the whole exome sequencing method. Depending if 
your paternal grandparents are still living, you can ask them to get a genetic testing done as well. I have a recessive condition (titinopathy). My parents were not first cousins and were from completely different households but I still got the disease. The risk of your father getting a genetic condition is much higher than parents who were not first cousins. I am thinking of your family- it’s really tough. It’s tough for our family right now, even. Please know that you are not alone; I am a living example of that. Also, there is hope- please do not give up. If your father indeed has a genetic condition, please know that there are many promising trials that are being developed for genetic diseases, which I’m really excited about. Please know that I’m here for you. <3 There are also many communities for rare genetic conditions. If you are interested, I can direct you there also. Much love!"
175878384,"Btw, how’s nursing school? Still enjoy the struggles?"
174324195,"There’s a heat wave in and around San _NAME_, it’s like 90 and we don’t have AC."
175878385,"Can’t they be linked though? That day when symptoms are low or non existent, when the world is quiet and calm, that rare moment that it all makes sense, and peace washes over. I myself take joy in those days"
175878386,"As a person with ASD & sz, both of which can impact negatively on EF, doing things which may seem as simple tasks to others may be very daunting. Multi step tasks can easily overwhelm me. I basically lived in crap in Essex because trying to organise myself to keep on top of things made me feel anxious and overwhelmed. I went into avoidant mode. Here in Wiltshire I have help with it . A care agency used to provide someone. That resulted in a huge bill because they’d not been charging me when they should’ve done.That was stopped and someone my stepdaughter knows came in . That cost less but she got paid more than a care agency worker would have got . That was stopped due to the Covid situation . She came back a few months later , but she did cleaning at a school where some got Covid so my stepdaughter stopped it again Now my granddaughters do it. I pay them the equivalent of nearly $17 p/h for doing so which is what I paid the person my stepdaughter knows."
175878387,Does any one have it where voices are telling them that they are going to hell forever?
175878388,"I haven’t had weed or alcohol in 15 years. I do vape nicotine though, but I figure it’s the safest way to use nicotine and it’s cognitive benefits. I don’t miss alcohol."
175878389,"I also have episodes of that. I have a nice home, a beautiful 3 year old daughter, a wonderful husband, Nothing to want for. I have it all. But there’s this constant anxiety I have too. I can’t always pinpoint it. I used to be an alcoholic. I used it to mask the pain of traumatic events in my life. I have since quit since I had my daughter. I think I just haven’t found the right replacement to guide me through my trauma"
175878390,I found out today that a person on the same work campus as me has it and is obviously not at work but those who the person may have been in contact with at work are also staying at home as well. Apparently I am not in close contact with the person but we have thousands of people who work here and at least 70 percent are working from home. I am one of the ones at work.
175878391,"I had a dream I was in a strange earth-like universe in a restaurant. I was dipping a green stick into a bowl of white liquid. It wasn’t very saucey, I don’t know why I was doing that. The liquid dripped right off. Then as I was leaving (don’t remember how I paid), a guy at the door who looked exactly like _PERSON_ of _PERSON_ said “Hope you make it back to your universe.” The dream kept going, eventually I was in a hotel or something. Weird."
175878392,"they stopped me from idolising homelessness as a way of life, having sex all over the place sticking pins through my nail beds driving while thinking an axe murderer was after me following violent command delusions, not being able to talk one normal sentence for 9 months at a time I don’t feel as sexy as i did before on this particular med"
175878393,This question is horrible!!!
175878394,Drinking coffee. About to start reading my book I didn't get up early today. Idk why. I just chose to sleep till like 10 even though I know I should be getting up earlier to prepare for when I start going to that group.
174324194,"Reading a book is difficult for me as I have a dysfunctional brain. My brain is severely dysfunctional. And when I was young even with a dysfunctional brain I was reading story books. Yesterday I read that book and understood why my health took a u turn, why I no longer have Schizophrenia. I read that book with difficulty but I was able to read that book. I no longer have Schizophrenia. Schizophrenia is caused by low amounts of good bacteria and by having too many bad bacteria, fungi and viruses in the digestive system. Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Good to be back."
175878395,Because she was and is drowning
175878396,I need a push starting my medication. My psychiatrist prescribed 25mg Seroquela and 50mg Luvox and said I should take them on my own hand if I feel like I need that but once I start I should finish the dose she prescribed. This was a while back and since I feel like my psychosis and depersonalization have gotten worse. I’m terrified to start medication. Im scared of side effects and feeling they might do more harm than good. Anyone got any encouraging words?
175878397,"im 31 , _PHONE_NO_"
175878398,"Do you see why the risk is not worth it? I repeat, there’s many good reasons why it is done in very few places around the world. It’'s not something to defend."
175878399,I need to go into my own world and ignore people.
175878400,Yay! Congratulations
175878401,"Perphenazine is a good med, Wish you get advantage of it,"
175878402,I’m just really scared that they know what I know
175878403,"Hello There!. qp|| My Lonely Acoustic Sessions. Is Needing Inspiration. I Plan To Use Thus Thread To Expound Ideas. With Lyrics. YouTube Video’s. And Idea’s To Begin Recording Fleshed Out Song’s In Complete Form. If I Post A Lyric You Would Like To Build On Personally, For A Better Realization. Feel Free To Explore & Expand On That Idea. And If It Used, I Will Give You Credit On My Low Budget Recording. With Any Name You Feel Like Choosing. . . . . . . Here Is Example For The Setting Of Lyrical Form Post. 1.) The Dark Gift’s Current’s Flow A Spectacle Speaking Of Reasons To Become. |||||| And!, Thus Is An Example Of The Initial Form Of Shared YouTube Video’s. I Hope, And Like To Think I Will Be Able To Slowly Build On These Ideas For A Complete Project. Sometime In Some Graceful Future. . . In The Meantime:::~ ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175878404,"I do step counting and try to reach 10,000-20,000 steps per day plus some uphill, hiking and jogging. That and I counted calories. I’m now back to a healthy weight but I still hike."
175878405,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324200,Here’s the meds I take that I’ve found useful. Vraylar (daily) Clonazepam (as needed for anxiety) Minocycline (daily) for a terrible complexion and for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/_PHONE_NO_ (besides its’s use as an antibiotic it’s thought to work as an anti-inflammatory in the brain) Propranolol (as needed) for panic attack https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/_PHONE_NO_ (it basically stops my heart from racing when I get a panic attack) Diltiazem (daily) for high blood pressure and mood https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/_PHONE_NO_ (they’ve been using calcium blockers to help with mood swings in Europe for a long time) Metformin (daily) for high sugar and it also helps with mental illness https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/_PHONE_NO_ (metformin is a biguanides ) Per someones suggestion on this site I’m going to try a probiotic https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/_PHONE_NO_ I’ll talk to my doctors first; I try to talk to them first and o
nly do one change at a time. So I know if somethings working or a waste of time So any suggestions for additions or subtractions to my meds???
175878406,"Thanks for your channel name, now I’m gonna to spam the ???? out of it."
174324192,Thats what i was thinking. I was also late on a shot by 9 days so i wasnt at a stable consistency
174324188,"Abilify hasn’t done anything for my anxiety, but I take it for sz. I take sertraline for anxiety and have 7 emergency diazepam per month. I’m also having some mindfulness therapy at the moment. The sertraline and mindfulness bring my anxiety to a level where I can just about function."
175878407,Oh in that case I ve had prodromal stage ever since I was like 12 lol. Mainly anxiety but then a few years later the social isolation got worse n worse
175878408,trazodone works and has few side effects. i am doing cbt for insomnia and it is working well for me
175878409,You’re very lucky to be young and in love. I wish you the best.
175878410,My mom finally told me I’m living in a delusion. If feel so real but I’m starting to believe it is a delusion. It is so scary. I hear everyone talking about me though. Every time my sister calls my aunts over FaceTime they are talking about my thoughts. It’s no reason they can know my thoughts and they are not in the same house as me. People are out to kill me because of what I think of them. This is too hard I’m thinking about suicide. I’m tired I’m really tired. I’m tired of living in fear.
175878411,Your pdocs can’t take responsibility of your doings.
175878412,"It’s sad, isn’t it? To have voices as friends"
175878413,"Sz has phases, prodromal, active and residual. It is a bit much to self define as the first two but most of us are the third."
174324197,"I feel that maybe I can’t become what I want, a Dr, because of schizophrenia. Permanent cognitive symptoms maybe. I don’t know if Vraylar will fix these. I know it will fix my negative symptoms but what about cognitive symptoms? Did schizophrenia prevent you from realizing your dreams? My mother says that I should be happy even if I was just able to work at any job. She’s giving up I think."
175878414,thanks for the support _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ its such a relief feeling this much better
175878415,"Radiohead Public Library Radiohead Public Library An official online resource containing everything we, Radiohead, have ever done, more or less. Videos, music, artwork, websites, merchandise, and assorted ephemeral materials."
174324202,MD Magazine FDA Grants Breakthrough Designation to Novel Schizophrenia Drug The investigative drug SEP-363856 has been evidenced in a phase 2 trial to reduced hospitalized patient symptoms and severity.
175878416,I’m kind of embarrassed by them. Any way I can delete my entire posts?
174324201,"Abilify will work,took it for eight years,my anxiety was better.Now I am on Olanzapine and am calmer"
175878417,"Then you don’t have a blockage yet. Ask your pharmacist about miralax,it works wonders for constipation. Drinking a tsp of castor oil can also help."
174324198,you are correct _USER_ID_.what you dont go back to university
175878418,I need help. I wouldn’t like this thread to be locked. I don’t think I did anything wrong.
175878419,That would be a great state to be in.
175878420,"_AT_MENTION_ I have managed many times to come close to that neutrality. So I understand what you’re saying. It’s about the best I feel I can achieve. I appreciate you sharing your experiences with me. _AT_MENTION_ I appreciate your advice and care. I definately am trying to love forward and stop being a burden to her. She still comes around to make sure I’m taking my medication, eating, sleeping. She feels responsible for me and it pains me greatly. I am so grateful for her help at staying high functioning. But what cost is caring for me to her? I feel like I am a plague."
175878421,"I hear ya. I have a lot of unresolved issues with my father and his suicide. I wish he could come back so I could strangle him ala _NAME_. _PERSON_ messed me up so much psychologically. Of course, him being the only living parent I had at age 19, I still could have used some adult guidance. I think of him and his room he shot himself with every damned day, and sometimes at night, too."
175878422,morning meds taken
175878423,"I will try to be careful. I may take a nap later, not sure."
175878424,Thanks for sharing your story. Hugs
175878425,I play magic the gathering every tuesday with a friend other than than movies and computer games
175878426,Don’t worry I’ll do it myself.
175878427,I’m afraid to eat now. Yesterday j got the idea that if I get food that wasnt made by me I would catch the flu or coronavirus and die. Now I’m wondering if someone is doing this on purpose. Like wants to poison my food and kill me. I dont want to eat in general but j dont deal well with being hungry. I guess I’ll eat the fruit I bought
175878428,"I like the _USER_ID_, because it is so easy to pick up and play, and very cheap."
175878429,Whu wouldn’t they? A tough chick could do it. There’s women MMA types.
175878430,That’s great. Congratulations! Wish you the best.
175878431,I just had a table tennis match on vr but had to exit cuz I didn’t know how to start the ball
175878432,Baby carrots
175878433,"There is a really great mental health resource available called Sesh. Each group is led by a licensed therapist and on a topic like Anxiety, Depression, Parenting,...and community based groups such as Inner Healing for Womxn of Color. They have so many! Even art therapy! Worth checking out for folks who are seeking extra support!"
175878434,I’m the same. Poverty of speech is a symptom. It’s getting worse for me too.
175878435,I feel you
175878436,Hate is a negative emotion that can destroy you. For your own good let it go
175878437,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878438,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878439,Had signed up for the waiting list to see my proc sooner. They said since I called the nurse’s line they can put me through to see the proc for an emergency appointment to discuss treatment. I’m nervous. What if she doesn’t do anything?
175878440,Did you have to diet strictly?
175878441,"My neighbors have been torturing me for years. They always have to win even if they start it and I’m innocent of any wrongdoing. The subtle noises, the subtle laughter. Every day. I try to believe everyone that nothing is happening but it all goes back to the 400 lb control freak upstairs. I don’t know how else to explain it but they let me alone-- until they want something. And then they’re the cruelest *astards I’ve ever bet. And at the end of the day, they think it’s funny."
175878442,Welcome to the forum
175878443,But we still need 10+ years for a new drug to reach the market…
175878444,Having a relapse would be devastating. I just now got my meds stable and my life pretty low key. I’m also worried about getting hurt if I have a major episode…barely survived the last one.
175878445,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175878446,"Watching the Mentalist series for the umpteenth time (it's soothing) - and when I say watching, I mean I watch less than 5 minutes of an episode and then end up doing other things while it plays in the background. Going to get myself to sit through a movie within the next week so that I can get myself take a break from thinking. ^ Either rewatching Tarantino's the Boondock Saints, or _NAME_ spinoff, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them."
175878447,I texted my doctor and let her know
175878448,You probably need a higher dose.
174324207,Dexedrine is the only thing that has helped my negative symptoms.
175878449,"Hi _NAME_. I know meds are scary. My mom has suffered w panic disorder & depression for over 50 years. Once they figure out the right meds for you, they will help ease the feelings. It's hard, I know. But dont they to be a hero and go it alone. Search for help. Hang in there!"
175878450,Yeah. I’d get on the front foot though if it’s social security. Find out what happened and why it wasn’t there. If it’s anything like over here then they are aholes but it’s not really them it’s government policy. There’s rules but as I say you shouldn’t be punished. You really do have a disorder that affects your whole thinking… I’d ring them and ask them why it wasn’t here. How can I fix that etc. What went wrong. No fun losing money. My last time they asked me for a form. I filled it out and lodged it at my local office. Money from my rent assistance wasn’t there. I had to ring them but being nice the lady fixed up what was wrong and money was in my account that day… Always treat people kindly but stick up for your rights.
175878451,Iv seen that movie but I dont remember it
175878452,"The human condition can be horrifying and the only thing that makes it manageable is talking. If you do t subscribe all the way that’s ok, but at least agree that ‘adulting’ kinda sucks."
175878453,"Well, I’ve had 1 very, very hot psychiatrist. Kinda wish I could marry her lol. Lots of pretty therapists too. Most of them are ugly though on average. Depends where you live and go lol. Never really seen attractive patients though. Probably due to the meds. Ive heard stories of patients getting together but my looks, perhaps, and lack of engagement and enthusiasm gets in the way. Women don’t like smokers, poor guys, and obesity. It’s very rare to find an attractive girl in the hospital. I bet most of them are crazy too. I wouldn’t mind though really. Honestly younger doctors have newer, updated training and might be more up to date with research and the latest greatest methods and treatments. It always makes a visit lovely and easier with an attractive woman. It kinda makes the visit easier and its nicer on the eyes in such a gloomy miserable place. I like attractive women. Education is a huge plus. Im at the point in my life where money wouldn’t hurt since im disabled. Maybe ill get or 
make money someday. I don’t know. I’d like to be educated myself and get fit. I think im special and could get women easily if I wanted to and if I took care of myself."
175878454,Yeah it only needs ambient room light to work....so it’s nice except for the actually knowing my weight part.....
175878455,Have you tried their spogooter?
175878456,I play guitar from time to time. I also started painting again. Or I like to write. It’s honestly harder to be creative now that I’m on meds. Before meds I would hear music in my head and be able to play it on guitar. I don’t hear it anymore so I don’t play as much.
175878457,I’m allergic to carrots. Guess I’m screwed
175878458,"Well, here’s another case of who you want to believe. I heard my whole life about how we use only 1% or 10% of our brain. But I read an article online that said that ain’t true, that we use our whole brain. And while we’re on the subject, I’ve heard many times that we don’t need 8 glasses of water a day. And while we’re on the subject, the best, most famous video that was supposed to prove that _PERSON_ is real was debunked years ago. The video that’s about 20 seconds long that supposedly shows him running through the woods from about 30 feet away. I’m sure everybody’s seen it."
175878459,I’m trying to understand this… but it’s hard. I just want to dig it out.
175878460,"When I want a little extra L-theanine in my day I will take three bags of green tea and brew up a pot of the stuff. Then I will drink the tea and take a 100 mg pill of L-theanine. It seems to help. I’ve suffered from intense anxiety for about 45 years, so it is going to take some time to repair my damaged nerves. It’s the damnedest thing, but it feels like the L-theanine is loosening up my connective tissue. It would really be something if the L-theanine could make me more flexible, considering how old I am."
175878461,"Maybe you’re right, thanks. On risperidone I could only go up to a low dose of effexor before getting a bit delusional, but now that I’m on latuda I may be able to go higher and feel better. Maybe my tendency to think everything’s wrong with me will get better too."
175878462,Oooh I wish I had legs like that
175878463,"30 days, I guess."
174324215,"Yes. I think Abilify is an anti psychotic. I’ve been on it before, and it got me too active and too jittery. It probably increased my anxiety. You have made some improvement on Abilify, so if you like it stay on it. If you object too strenuously to some aspect of your treatment they might put you on a typical antipsychotic. I hate those drugs, but some people on this site like them. To each their own."
175878464,"Just the one, an Amazon Platinum card. You get 3 points for every pound you spend on amazon - and once you get a thousand you get a 10 quid gift card. Interest rates a bit high, but i take advantage of the money transfer promotions, where i can borrow 500 for 6 months interest free. £2500 credit limit - not bad for someone claiming uk benefits lol. I get free prime membership as well, but i think they have stopped that."
175878465,My emotions are so intense when I'm dreaming.. P-s-y-c-h-e-d-e-l-i-c D-r-e-a-m-s.
175878466,_NAME_ - I Wonder as I Wander
175878467,"Yes, I just turned on the heating"
175878468,"I continue to be impressed with these two females that I befriended - still extremely unnerved, but as I say, impressed. They have excellent pervy, and sometimes witty, humour and are as equally happy to joke around and interact with other females, as they are with males which may not be rare to other people on this website, but is rare for me to come across"
175878469,"Psychiatric Times Traumas, Adversities, and Psychosis: Investigating Practical Implications Childhood adversities can play a causal role in the development of psychosis and psycho-social interventions can be helpful."
175878470,I gotta try to quit too:( don’t want my nieces and nephews to see me smoking
175878471,Wellbutrin perked me up a bit.
175878472,_PERSON_ talk to your pdr. When unmedicated I thought black cars infront of my house were the mafia and _NAME_ trying to pick me up so I work and kill ppl for no reason for them. I even tried to get into one car at night but it was empty. I would be jailed for harrassment if the car wasn’t empty. I felt I was living in a videogame called Grand Theft Auto 5 (GTAV). These thoughts stopped with the right medication and right dosage. You might need to increase your dosage or change to a stronger ap like Risperdal.
175878473,"the collective conscience you did not bargain for, and you Do Not bargain with."
175878474,Thanks _PERSON_
175878475,"As _NAME_, I will accept those eggs. They better be brown, organic and antibiotic free ranged though. Otherwise I’m lopping off your head."
175878476,"If you are in the US and free from the SSI, or SSDI systems I suggest you focus on the benefits of the career like the money you make, paid vacations, sick leave rather than how interesting it is. If the job is worthless that way like jobs which keep you in the SSI, or SSDI systems for the most part then you focus on how interesting it is. Otherwise I don’t know what to tell you."
175878477,Thank you all for the support tonight _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I needed support tonight. Thank you so much.
175878478,It looks very pretty.
175878479,I feel the same way. Meeting people is so hard especially when I can’t be sure when I make plans that I’ll actually be able to follow through with them when the time comes. Meds can be an absolute roller coaster. I was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder about 12 years ago and have had different developments and changes in diagnoses since. So I’m over a decade in and still trying to find what works. Some days it feels like we’re getting closer to a helpful concoction but others it feels like I’m stuck in an endless loop of trying different medications. I hope you’re able to find something that really helps
175878480,Yes iam on meds
175878481,"Me too, _AT_MENTION_."
175878482,I said I have HAD 3-5 delusions. Where’s your reading skills
175878483,where can i get this info…about all the mental illnesses
175878484,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878485,"_AT_MENTION_. Definitely make sure you stay in contact with your pdoc so they can monitor how you’re doing. Also, make sure you are candid with both your family and your pdoc about how you’re feeling. The concern would be if you become more symptomatic at the lower dose and either start losing insight or start feeling an increase in paranoia and this causes you to stop communicating with your pdoc or your family about how you’re feeling."
175878486,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878487,Anxiety is genetic though I am not sure about the relateability rates between sz and anxiety.
175878488,"Yeah I am, thanks I think I just had wayy too much coffee"
174324211,It would be a very complicated step for me. I’m on a muscle relaxant so I have to make sure it doesn’t interfere with it.
175878489,Thank you! 51
175878490,"Yes, yes I did!"
175878491,"_AT_MENTION_ I was so mad, I couldn’t even walk straight because I was so crazy, I couldn’t realize going to university like the rest of my classmates was a waste of my time"
175878492,To Sleep in a Sea of Stars by _NAME_
175878493,I only get the sick note so the universal credit people won’t keep on calling me to look for work constantly
175878494,"You can look them up in Wikipedia. The main one. Others are just coloring, preservatives/stabilizers (?) and fillers."
175878495,I’m worried for others but not for myself. None of the criteria for being more at risk from complications from it applies to me. But I have family members who aren’t so lucky.
175878496,"But can you doubt this whole narrative? Like I mentioned, there are two possibilities. Which one is more likely? I mean for a moment make yourself believe that this whole narrative is not true."
175878497,"You don’t need to convince us. If you feel better no one is stopping you from leaving. You could always stay on and use your experience to guide others, but that’s entirely up to you. Anyway you need to feel that you get something out of it or else you should move on. Best wishes for your future."
175878498,It’s nice to hear from you _AT_MENTION_!
175878499,"I don’t receive disability. I’ve never applied for it, but am considering it in the next year or two."
175878500,"How do you know? I get positive symptoms just by going from 4 to 3mg Risperdal. Maybe on Abilify the improvement in negative symptoms improved my positive symptoms idk Before stopping meds for 2yrs I was on 10 or 15mg, cant remember. After relapsing off meds they put me on 20mg Abilify and I was stable."
175878501,"Hello _PERSON_, TBH there have been times when I’ve thought the same, there is a term called Sandmen, I was told this by another forum member off the record. Any how I hope you find the right support network as they are few."
175878502,"Ah, just saw another post with this question, remove if you want?"
175878503,_AT_MENTION_ what’s a Cpack?
174324222,The only mental health problem I have at the moment is social anxiety. All my positive and negative symptoms are gone. I think it is something like 25% of people recover.
174324209,Even my psychiatrist doesn’t know how I feel. He blames me for my negative symptoms. I tell him its the sz+meds and he just ignores me.
175878504,I feel like it definitely takes some time to find a good one
175878505,My psychiatrist said that sz sometimes cause working memory and concentration deficits. Do dementia meds fix these?
175878506,Sore throat is listed as a rare side effect. Good you are seeing your doctor.
175878507,I’m gonna try and stay off of them if I can. My symptoms have gotten somewhat better anyways
175878508,"They control what I watch on the tv, they control everything"
175878509,Yes. But I’ve always had a problem with predator type people. My diagnosis only made things worse.
175878510,"Last time I had a sinus infection my only symptoms were pain/pressure in my eyeballs. They felt hot, too."
175878511,How bout 1515
174324212,"PubMed A Computerized Method for Automatic Detection of Schizophrenia Using EEG... Diagnosis of schizophrenia (SZ) is traditionally performed through patient's interviews by a skilled psychiatrist. This process is time-consuming, burdensome, subject to error and bias. Hence the aim of this study is to develop an automatic SZ... Among the considered classifiers, the ensemble bagged tree performed as the best classifier producing 93.21% correct classification rate for SZ, with an overall accuracy of 89.59% for IMF 2. These results indicate that EEG signals discriminate SZ patients from healthy control (HC) subjects efficiently and have the potential to become a tool for the psychiatrist to support the positive diagnosis of SZ."
175878512,"It makes sense. The diagnosis works to help doctors. But here Brazil it’s important to know which diagnosis I have. I can’t lie to the government, so when I get my driver license, I have to say which diagnosis I have and if I have any disability. And if employers ask about my disabilities, I have to say what I have."
175878513,_AT_MENTION_ why? Did you try weight watchers before? I’ve done calorie counting. I could do it again.
175878514,I can drink some tea and clean the house at my own pace.
175878515,I had I real pro when I was taking bass lessons. Pretty neat app
175878516,googled-corgo-ship-instead-of-cargo-ship-and-i-wasnt-disappointed-mr-sna-936-pm-4-dec-2016800×698 75.4 KB
175878517,"The majority of parents even though they’re not perfect care for their kids for 18 years. They could abandon them especially if they were an evil creation. Some parents do abandon their parental duties, but the fact is most parents go without for their kids and sacrifice a lot for their kids well being. Why would the devil create them to do good at their own expense?"
175878518,"I admit that my situation is quite secure at the moment. I’m by no means rich, but I have my own place and have a combined income from work and wellfare that just pays the bills. I wish everyone could make ends meet, but capitalism is what is. I mean I understand the system that people get paid according to responsibility, education and demand. It’s hard to imagine motivating people to do stuff if there is no carrot. Communism is great in theory, but fails badly in practice…semi communistic countries like china and russia are brutal dictatorstates. They are talking about a fundamental citizen wage in my country though because they predict machines will do more and more labour in the future so that some people will become redundant no matter what. Maybe that will be a better system to make things more equal and secure a basic income for everyone."
175878519,"You need to treat your voices differently. You’re cognisant enough to post about them, so you should be able to fight back"
175878520,Any thoughts? Or can anyone relate?
175878521,"I love to have a brainwash and come out clean on the other end. Sadly, it’s not as straightforward. Memories and life experiences can’t be deleted. Actually, I like it that way."
175878522,"I have been here and done that. My hope for this person is that she will be hospitalized. I am grateful to my family for standing by me. I also did not want to be hospitalized while psychotic, but after my recovery, I realized it was the best thing that happened to me. My prayers go out to all those who suffer psychosis and need help!!"
175878523,"Good luck. When it came on the market the slogan was the “happy, horny skinny pill.” They had to pay an enormous fine for that kind of marketing… but it made me curious “The company promoted Wellbutrin as a treatment for weight loss and sexual dysfunction through its “happy, horny, skinny pill” marketing campaign even though those were unapproved uses, regulators charged.”"
174324218,"If you have schizophrenia, then you will hear invisible voices and/or see visions without medication."
175878524,There's a new Star Wars game coming out! YouTube
175878525,Happy new year _AT_MENTION_ !
175878526,"mixed feelings, but not going to spend money on it. Great idea great draw on the heart, very unexplored field. But what are the chances… and its every sick persons dream to find a cheap fix. But think all the people with cancer and HIV let them fund the research and get it approved. The poor stinking government is bogged down, no money and getting ripped off. It seems a bit too much for it. Can anything be next? new technology? New power source? New planet?"
174324227,Look I don’t think I’d kill mystery because I’m genuinely scared about the after life but I’m going to be in that state that if I died right now I’d be okay… and think about it all day long which would make me sleep more lose motivation to everything gain weight and become depressed… I don’t want to be in that state
174324223,Didnt work for me.
175878527,Does any one have it where the voices say your in a false reality and everything is them. My voices get into everything and copy everything I see. Plus they say that they are god
175878528,You don’t need to write a song don’t worry bout that! But thnx for the idea very sweet of you. And thanku for the compliment
175878529,"As a kid I was happy with my toys alone, till my mother decided I need friends. You are right there."
175878530,This is key good thinking
175878531,Everything you’ve ever dreamed of is on Amazon. Even live pets. I might buy some hermit crabs from them I haven’t had any since I was a teen. I love those little things. Had 2 that got up to 4-5 years old once. So cute.
175878532,"I am in the extended period of eligibility and they aren’t paying me anymore. I don’t report anything anymore. I make $65,000 a year now but during my trial work months I was making more than 10 grand a month some months. I was making $400 a day part time. I reported it all and when my 9 months were up they let me stay on it. So for 9 months you can make all you want but if you stay under $910 it doesn’t count as a trial work month."
175878533,Yay for sleep! Enjoy the writing
175878534,I haven’t really painted this week. This is me with my commitment issue.
175878535,Good to see you _PERSON_ I hope your dad will be okay ??
175878536,"Hi again. So I’ve been having an array of symptoms from anxiety. ????? I’ve been having heart palpitations on my mind for whatever reason and of course this I think is causing them to occur even more. I try to talk myself out of it but it’s a spiral. It also feels like my heartburn/acid indigestion is part of the feelings, so I’m trying to avoid carbonation and foods that may trigger the feeling..I will say it’s a little less noticeable watching the lemonade intake and no red sauce. A little background into my week, my grandmother recently passed and I’ve been worried about my mom and of course how she’s taking all of this and the sadness and stress that goes along with loosing a loved one. I’m just having a really hard time. Does anyone else have palpitations? GERD? My blood pressure has been good, my heart rate has been up as I am constantly checking it ????? I’m also using my Apple Watch 5 for the EKG feature to make sure I’m not having a fib (never have and heart tests are n
ormal). Struggling...help please"
175878537,That explains a lot of behavior I’ve noticed over the years.
175878538,"Yes,this is interesting.I was taking antipsychotic from 2009-2017 before I stopped for a year.During those years,I was masturbating and realize I had erectile issue(the erection is like 65-70%),that’s why I am embarrassed to hire prostitute or find a gf.I returned to meds 2 month ago,this time round I had a gf,and she says I should stay on my meds.We had sex(I am on antipsychotic),but strangely enough,my erection had little to no problem at all."
175878539,"I take citalopram, closely related to Lexapro, for GAD, I have been on this for many years and have noticed no difference in exercise tolerance. Moderate, regular exercise helps my GAD as much as the medication, and the combination of the two keeps GAD well managed, unless their are unusual circumstances, like the CV19 crisis."
174324224,Yes and no like other people have stated. I rather not have it at all.
175878540,Its not just television its everyone around me. Everywhere i go people know me and say things about me. Im so scared becsuse i think negative thoughts about people out of fear for my life. My thoughts are all over the place.
175878541,Sorry you are feeling down _AT_MENTION_ . I’m overweight too. Try not beat yourself up about it too much. Lots of us sz and sza are overweight. It kind of comes with the territory.
174324228,I enjoy music on Abilify Maintena. But did on Invega shots aswell.
175878542,Your lucky you have such nice hair. You don’t need highlights.
175878543,"I guess I’m just looking for an alternative to ativan. Might still take it, though. I just don’t like the thought of possibly getting hooked on ativan, or any other benzo"
175878544,why am i not allowed to quit
175878545,Well I’m not comfortable selling mine. But I do get a good laugh out of the idea.
175878546,image3024×4032 3.65 MB
175878547,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175878548,Without coffee in the morning I sleep all day.
175878549,"I am Paranoid the world around me is constantly using witchcraft on me. I feel like crap every single day even though I take my medication. I have a hard time trusting people as friends. The voices constantly tell me my family will die soon. I had a delusional visions that a Harvard professer was trying to throw me in a black hole. The voices tell me to stay home from psychosocial rehabilitation. I am disturbed by scary and dark visions. Overall, I guess the worst thing about it is the inability to love another person deeply."
175878550,Is this in Canada? They’re speaking french but not sure if its France’s French.
175878551,That accommodation would be important for me too. I feel better alone or in small groups.
174324214,"No to be honest with you, back in February 2010 I went on perphenazine for 3 weeks and I had pounding headaches like I never did before. Then went on it in 2017 and didn’t get the headaches. It probably a combo of withdrawal and starting perphenazine"
175878552,I think you have to PM him.
175878553,"My psychiatrist always says “Hi, it’s Mark” when he phones me…but I’ve only ever called him “Doctor”. I mean, he’s not my buddy or friend. I like to keep it all on a professional level, so no first names for me."
175878554,"I struggle with this as well, especially with reading. It’s like there’s just way too much going on in my head. I’ll be reading and realize i have no idea what’s going on because my mind has jumped to any number of other things. It’s frustrating for sure."
175878555,I’m wondering if you hear voices all the time; if your constantly in psychosis or if it’s just plain schizophrenia. Does having schizophrenia mean your psychotic or in psychosis?
175878556,"Since my daughter decided not to come I have a second ham, it’s a small boneless ham, and another pile of sweet potatoes plus more broccoli and oh yeah a whole other pie. We get another Christmas dinner tonight."
175878557,whats albertan 111
175878558,I’ve got to move too. I hope it works out for you!
175878559,Getting my second AZ dose on friday
174324220,Well good for you. Have you thought about getting a second opinion?
174324231,Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_ ! I hope you receive needed support here! The people are wonderful! I’m so glad you found out about the parasite before you continued feeling so bad! When you were diagnosed with schizophrenia?
175878560,I’ve done my share of working for many years in the past. I don’t feel bad that I’m no longer capable of working.
175878561,"Clozapine works on GABA-B receptors like phenibut and baclofen (Chlorinated phenibut for alcohol withdrawal). ""Clozapine is the gold-standard agent for treatment resistant schizophrenia but its mechanism of action remains unclear. There is emerging evidence of the potential role of the GABAB receptor in the pathogenesis of schizophrenia. It has been hypothesised that clozapine can mediate its actions via the GABAB receptor. Baclofen is currently recognised as the prototype GABAB receptor agonist. There are some potential clinical similarities between clozapine and baclofen. Indeed, baclofen has been previously proposed for use as an antipsychotic agent. Our analysis of the X-ray crystal structure of GABAB receptor along with molecular docking calculations, suggests that clozapine could directly bind to the GABAB receptor similar to that of baclofen. This finding could lead to a better understanding of the pharmacological uniqueness of clozapine, potential development of a biomarker for treatment r
esistant schizophrenia and the development of more targeted treatments leading to personalisation of treatment."" So I think there's good progress to making schizophrenia meds to help with negative symptoms of schizophrenia. For now I'll take phenibut.. I don't advise cuz the withdrawal is awful - I can only take it 1-2 times a week. But if I get worse, I'll probably be put on clozapine. My psychiatrist mentioned putting me on it last year but olanzepine worked. I think that olanzepine balances my mood in a similar way."
175878562,You may be right.
175878563,My favorite anti depressant was Parnate. My new doctor wouldn’t prescribe it after they took me off it in the hospital. I’m on Lexapro now and I feel like it’s pretty decent.
174324233,"I’m trying to “make _NAME_ Scotia happen” if I get ownership of the mental health business, that is. Where would you move your business to if you could invest in mental health? Just a warning that schizophrenics are inherently small and low in market value except to do the most gruesome labor. Going to be hard work making diamonds out of coal again… God why do I do this for to myself??? I’m not a fan of animal cruelty so I’m trying to turn “Shutter Island” into “This American Life.”"
175878564,I’m losing my mind. There’s too much air in my brain.
175878565,Yes. I’m on Haldol now.
175878566,I find that it’s much harder to start when I become overwhelmed. You’re going to have to break it into smaller chunks and once you get started it’ll be easier to keep going. Baby steps wasting asparagus.
175878567,"I’m an organ donor, so they can go nuts harvesting what they can, then after that I wish to be cremated. What happens after that I don’t care. Spread my ashes somewhere or hold onto them, I don’t mind."
175878568,chicken is better than a greasy burger that is for sure
175878569,I’m 100% disabled. I’m not able to work.
175878570,that is very delusional thinking best to speak to ur cpn about that for sme reality checking
175878571,She deserved it.
175878572,"I take an anti psychotic, a mood stabilizer, an antidepressant, and something for side effects, and an anxiety med."
175878573,I had my mind uploaded to a computer. Probably a quantum computer. So I have the awareness we are in a sim and it is on repeat or a loop. Things start changing years after I gain sentience. It takes a lot of work to remember since each loop there is a mind wipe.
175878574,"I don’t even notice I’m on meds anymore. I think I’m just so used to it after 10 years. Also, I wasn’t force fed medication. I checked myself into the hospital when I first started medication. I think that’s partially why I function so well Is because I have an ‘awareness’ that something isn’t right with me. And I think it’s psychosis. I’m pretty fortunate to have that kind of insight."
175878575,"(An English Actress, Model, And Activist) ‘There’s Nothing Wrong With Being Afraid. It’s Not The Absence of Fear, it’s Overcoming it. Sometimes You’ve Got to Blast Through And Have Faith’~ _NAME_ Attended The Dragon School And Trained as an Actress at The Oxford of Stagecoach Theater Arts. April 15, 1990 (age 30 years). Slight Side Note: The Doors~ 'Break on Through (To The Other Side). (Song/1967)."
174324229,"Dear _AT_MENTION_, Lots of hugs to you!!"
175878576,"Yeah, the pharmacist picks his nose, and his woman helper is a shameless flirt."
175878577,After death you start over in a new body. Why push it just to start over again until you learn the lessons this life has to offer? Call someone and get safe!
175878578,It’s generally recommended that you consult your doctor before starting a new diet or exercise routine.
175878579,I am so very sorry your mother is near passing…that’s so sad…I 'm sorry.
174324221,Are you on rexulti? Thought that might have been you?
175878580,The weekend depression is starting to set in.
175878581,"Possible trigger: Hey, sexual abuse is a tricky subject. Not saying your experience doesn't count as sexual abuse or that it's is. but one thing though... that boy who tried backed off when you said you don't want to have sex (or that you told him you're a virgin) but that's tricky. a lot of it borders on the subject but it's all about how you feel about it..."
175878582,"Dear _NAME_, My left nostril won’t stop whistling. Should i cut it off?"
175878583,I feel that way. I always grasp something that other people do not.
175878584,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878585,"Definitely. But most researchers agree that it is a biologically based illness that most healthy people can never develop. And that it starts very early, either in the womb or early childhood."
175878586,"“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” Don’t focus on how much there is to do. Instead just pick out one or two things and do them. You don’t have to do them at top speed or perfectly but just take a task and focus on the single task and once you start it, just keep the momentum going and finish it. Reward yourself with a soda or a couple of cookies or something and move on to the next chore. A therapist told me years ago that the less you do, the less you are going to want to do. But the opposite is true too, the more you do, the more you’re going to want to do. Don’t set impossibly hard, unrealistic goals. Taking baby steps and starting out small and work yourself up to harder goals. This is how you get motivation and the reward is the good feeling you get with accomplishing something."
175878587,No now I live in Canada. I came here when I was 12. I visited there many times before the war.
175878588,I just don’t want to drag Little LED to the hospital (45 minutes each direction) in three middle of the night since it’s already her bedtime. I’m hoping that if I can get some sleep tonight I’ll be better in the morning. But if I’m not I’ll go in then.
174324232,"If abilify got you out of bed, I would switch. Try taking 10 minute walks, and maybe increase to 20 minutes."
174324237,"PubMed Predictive factors in early onset schizophrenia - PubMed Schizophrenia is a neurodevelopmental disorder, characterized by impairment in reasoning, affectivity and social relationships. Although the diagnosis of schizophrenia in children and adolescents has been challenged for many years, at present..."
175878589,_PERSON_ and I are on Vyvanse. But I don't have any symptoms. Like I'm not seeing things or hearing things. There was also someone here that started Concerta but couldn't handle the psychosis so she had to stop... 99% of people on stimulants get psychosis. I think it make sense for you to not take a stimulant @ SP cuz your psychosis was strong and short.. not the type of psychosis that fades into a spectrum of severity but instead just really severe..
175878590,Thanks. I’m hoping that this is the dose that does it. I’m going to see how it goes the next couple of weeks.
175878591,What is a “childhood infection”?. The Word “infection” The Key Point of Concern. Not About Me in All Honesty. But to Say “infection” is Quite Confusing
175878592,"I think the diagnostic process is flawed, but it’s the best we have right now. People are working on more effective means of diagnosis and treatment. We have already come lightyears in just the past 20 years, as our older members can attest to."
175878593,Have you ever had a voice just sit there all day and rhythmically talk about you and call you names and cuss and tell you why everything you’re doing and deciding is wrong?
175878594,Cool! I like the colors.
175878595,There is this really weird thing that happens to me at least once a day because I listen to a lot of music and I write. Two things involving the use of words. The radio says the exact word that I am writing or thinking and it happens so often that my family and friends notice and we all just laugh at the funny coincidence but it doesn’t stop my voices from thinking odd things about the fact that it happens every day.
175878596,A cup of tea? With some soda crackers.
175878597,"oh, ok I understand…so you are saying the same thing that I said."
174324235,People don’t understand the struggles they’re some of the hardest things to convey clearly to people. They understand seeing things that aren’t there they understand drug trips like psychotic breaks. They don’t understand the reality of needing to take a drug to stay sane they don’t understand that the drugs have huge side effects that feel just as awful as some of the bad parts of schizophrenia. You must accept that in others ignorance of what we experience must be a given. Otherwise we wouldn’t have to deal with stigmas. People broken and off medication babbling to themselves and homeless are scary when you don’t understand that they can be helped to some extent by medication and civil services.
175878598,"I hate waiting for Vraylar. I want it now. I know that Zyprexa can slightly help in the meantime but idk if its worth switching for just 2-3 months. I am having memories of when I had my emotions and my emotions came back alive but its shortlived. I guess psychology has its limits, I need meds. Sometimes I want to go off meds just to get my emotions back in the meantime but idk when psychosis will hit again, last time I stayed 1 year without meds."
175878599,"Cool, what part?"
175878600,https://ampervadasz.tumblr.com/post/_PHONE_NO_
175878601,"Sometimes less is more. I mean i have ended sessions earlier for you leave on an upswing....if doing well. And as said sometimes longer if needed and some. We can get over therapied at times; maybe the therapist could have worked on more issues, it depends on therapist circumstances...are they tired, bit burned out? It happens. HT Just my thoughts"
175878602,"Actually i dont lol Well not that much, i remember the title so i can type anythibg related to the title nothing more"
175878603,Good Luck with it _AT_MENTION_ !!!
175878604,"I had this problem in a big way. I could say the affirmations, but I couldn’t believe them. One thing that helped me in the beginning was skipping self-love and instead aiming for self-neutrality. So instead of saying “I am a good person” I would say “I am a human being, and if other human beings have value, it follows that I have the same value.” “I am capable of doing X, and I know this because I just did it yesterday.” “My body is functional enough to allow me to do the things I need to every day.” My therapist would do exercises where, instead of talking about myself, we would make up a friend who was the exact same as me. She would encourage me to write supportive letters to that friend. It was much easier to imagine having compassion for someone else in my position than it was to have compassion for myself. I still haven’t gotten quite to self-love, but I have sort of settled in an area of self-acceptance. I may not like who I am, but I acknowledge I am still a person who 
is worth love and compassion, simply because all human beings are worth love and compassion."
175878605,"instead of rolling out, which may happen when people are on antipsychotics thus have too few dopamine, my tongue is rolling backwards, it is always sucking back, but not rolling out, anyone have that issue? I am not on Aps and maybe too much dopamine can cause it ?Exactly the oppositie effect of too little dopamine ( tongue rollingout )"
175878606,"I had transmagnetic simulation done, which is a similar procedure. But it only gave me headaches. I think it’s really case-by-case. Some people benefit from it, but some don’t. But it doesn’t hurt to try."
175878607,Doesn’t sound like a good doctor. You’re not stressing out are you?
175878608,"I’ve said this before… If you want to kill me, take a number…because the line-up is from here to the Moon."
175878610,I’m calming down a bit now. Going to take some Klonopin Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175878611,that’s interesting because the bugs i hallucinated looked like lightning bugs
175878612,"okay, never tried porn literature before. I dont library has those things."
175878613,"Some people don’t dare to discuss these type of things with their pdoc. Besides, for some people it is important to know."
174324239,"Pdoc suspect you have some mood disorder like bipolar, sza etc in that case prescribing antidepressants will give mania and other positive symptoms. Antidepressants are only prescribed for pure depression, ocd, schizo (without comorbid mood disorder)."
175878614,Wash face every Day with soap. Then put on bodylotion. Shower sometimes.
174324249,Oh ew. I don’t want people associating us with him.
175878615,As a child there was nothing worse than hearing my mum have sex. She had different boyfriends and once she had sex with a stranger in my bed. I was furious! I locked myself in the bathroom. Slammed door and was screaming and swearing. I thought it was disgusting and disrespectful to me. When she later married she was moaning at a ski cabin where my friend and I in next room could hear. No doors. So disrespectful to embarrass me and my friend. I started screaming at her that she could at least be quiet and not moan because we are trying to sleep and how rude for my friend to have to listen to my mum moan. My mum always put sex before me and her boyfriends too and I hated her for it. I love her unconditionally but it hurt. Remember when she only had me weekends yet spent the whole weekend having sex while I was bored and neglected and sad etc stuck inside n to young to go out by myself in that neighbourhood where her boyfriend was. I can’t stand to hear other people have sex. Neighbours etc I loved 
my mum and still do and always will but her and sex… yuck!
175878616,the only thing dangerous about having that all yourself is that you get worried if the values are slightly off… my brother has all that too and he gets nervous when the values are slightly off. But i think it’s good idea to keep an eye on the oxygen in your blood =)
175878617,"_PERSON_, you have no actual evidence. Got it."
175878618,"Sorry this one hits too close to home for me. I’d like to help you with my experience, but its too personal and I don’t want to get into that. I want to move on from that day."
174324245,"I'm working very hard, mentally. I'm experiencing something very challenging. I know I will be ok, & I am periodically."
175878619,"Should people with sz have facebook, instagram, etc?"
174324248,"I don’t know if I have schizophrenia, bipolar, depression etc. The symptoms which appear first is social anxiety (from the age i remember) which I still have, adhd i was very restless jumping from one activity to another till my teen years. Then i become more like adhd inattentive with less movements. During my late teen years I started to get extreme ocd though i had this ocd behavior before. The first cognitive symptom i noticed is reducing working memory which i still have in the worst form. It appear like brain fog unable to think of something without leaving current thought activity thus very impulsive which is the reason for my ocd i think. After teen years started to get blunted affect, flat affect wih hardly any emotions which resulted in many of the negative symptoms. i have not experienced any positive symptoms yet though i have the negative symptoms for over 16 years now."
175878620,"Yeah. I still think the same color will work. It will lighten up a bit a couple weeks after you color it. So if you went to a lighter shade, it’d end up being too light.itll be darker than you want at first though. You could also try a 7R if you’re afraid to go too dark"
175878621,"My therapist randomly texts me. Something she started doing a few weeks ago. She never did it before. It's really strange. She texts me appropriate stuff like ""thinking of you"" or ""hoping you are doing well"" but it's still random and out of nowhere. Any one else's T ever initiate contact?"
174324243,"FFS, nobody has a right not to be offended. You’re offended? So what. Resolve your differences, but don’t complain about being offended as if it gives you some right."
175878622,"No I’m just wondering if we’re going thru or have been thru hell on earth personally, it’s possible"
175878623,"Between drink, snaks, and smoke I do consume alot of the rime."
175878624,Completely Unexpected And Slightly Humorous Thanx _AT_MENTION_ Keeps it Cools!.
175878625,"In the mid 1970’s, I was in a church basement with a bunch of other hopefuls, and when it came my turn to speak, I said, “I’d rather have a frontal lobotomy than a bottle in front of me.” Quietly, the man next to me said he had had a frontal lobotomy. I gather from others with whom I spoke he was talking the truth. Anyway, he was going to work and supporting five children. And I liked him. That’s why I was sitting next to him."
175878626,"My parents are pretty awesome. It’s unfortunate they were going through a religious phase during my formative years, Probably would have spared me a lot of struggle if they hadn’t, But they’re good people. They thought they were doing the right thing. Now they’re over it and super cool."
175878627,Well done on calming. That's the key....to use the tools in ya tool box straight away. Keep ?. HT
175878628,"Apologies, I forgot to add that I'd also like one of these for a pet, but bigger (2-3 feet long) And returning back on topic ... now!"
175878629,"I’m ok with being home all the time, but I’m scared of contracting the virus, and I don’t like that the men Who follow and record me have even more time to monitor me now. It’s very stressful."
175878630,"I don't know, to me the two things seem totally different. Possibly overlapping, like most things, but still totally different. So I'm not sure where to start if I want to answer your question. I would ask you instead: what about it makes it seem to you that the two things would be hard to distinguish? Do they though? Isn't it just lack of excitement that you're interpreting as boredom? I think the thing about Buddhism is that it emphasizes the significance of the mundane as opposed to the extraordinary. Excitement can be seen both as a requirement for contentment (typical modern view) or as a hindrance to it (more Buddhist-like perspective)."
175878631,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ here’s a noodle without the meatball. _AT_MENTION_ these are done with pen 20210322_1138102419×3577 1.28 MB
175878632,"That Aleve seems to be working. That acetaminophen and aspirin, the days before, didn’t do crap."
175878633,I'm on such a low dose of phenibut I don't want to take it - It brings me to care free land. My therapist phoning.. She has ADHD. I can't blame her for forgetting but she brings out tangent talking in me which is what I need - To just talk in word salad forever _USER_ID_: I never realize how different I am until I realize that I'm not on a dose of phenibut. My mom said to keep taking it if it helps or taper slowly. That's that first time she didn't just throw something away.
174324250,"Due to my “psychic powers”, I’m convinced that the pill form of Norovirus Vaccine will help or even cure (possibly only temporarily) psychosis like in bipolar or schizophrenia. I have my theories and I don’t need to elaborate on deaf ears anymore. I tried helping. I’m sure I will be villianized and hated for telling everyone about the cure. My biggest thing is convincing my doctor I need the vaccine when it comes out. I don’t know if he’ll give it to me. I don’t know why it’s taking so damn long. It should be out in a year according to my “psychic powers” lol. I might be 100-1000 years ahead of my time. I really cannot say I care about others getting the cure because I am chronically ignored, the government keeps me poor and paranoid, and I was hurt pretty badly in college by unknown entities or forces that I cannot fathom and will probably never figure out. People think I’m just a normal nobody person, but I’m quite different and special. It’s common to feel this way, b
ut in my case it’s true. Why else would I have alien beings monitoring me and contacting me and taking me to places like _NAME_, New Mexico in my past lives to experiment on me, increase my IQ, and cure me of schizophrenia. I don’t want to go back because it was painful, traumatic, and sometimes didn’t work and sometimes I did not survive."
175878634,"Hmm. . . Words Can Be Powerful. And So Can Thus Illness Be As Such. A Disease?. or Opportunity?. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175878635,My husband and I had a connection from first site and we’ve been together 19 years after getting engaged a month after starting dating and married 6 mo ths after. We only waited so my mother could be at the ceremony.
174324255,"Hi, I’ve been 15 years on the same medication. It causes increased appetite and weight gain It’s about my 5th antipsychotic but after 15 years of severe on and off illness I found the right one I’ve been told that they would like to get me down to a maintenance dose. 50mg is maintainable and I take 75 3 years ago they added low dose abilify If I swapped over to abilify altogether (gradually with supervision) is that a weight neutral drug for you!?"
175878637,Sounds like you have some misconceptions about women and that’s what’s holding you back.
175878638,Taking covid-19 to the moon and back.
175878639,"I’m working with like the loan and house people. PLUS 3 different contractors for electrical company, water company, and septic company. That’s like 4 or 5 different companies I’m working with, with the house stuff alone."
175878640,"Oh, I should have done a general reply."
175878641,_NAME_ - Country Boy's World
175878642,God is at work on this forum.
175878643,It's written there that Gabapentin may cause suicidal ideation so I'm just a little bit scary. Is there any way to soften such a bad symptom?
175878644,"They want to drag you in circle of their influence, to make your thinking astray, it can be your own mind or sth real, The key is ignoring them and live your life, no reaction or trying to analyze their thoughts, Remain out of the circle of their influence,"
174324254,"No I was ashamed of talking about it, I was 21. Only the first time I was put on Abilify the pdr asked me if I had addiction or hypersexuality issues, I felt embarrassed and said no. Took me 8 years to spit it out."
175878645,"Your actions are nothing compared to the crime I committed. If I had continued down that dark path, I might have became a serial killer. This is what I have been trying to tell you. If a person like me can recover, so can you _USER_ID_. Thanks ninjastar too."
174324244,"I’m sorry your symptoms are severe enough to cause issues on the job, _AT_MENTION_. Hoping you’re doing well I worry about not being able to measure up to my employer’s standards because of this illness sometimes. This is going to be my first fast-paced job while on meds so I’m hoping the Abilify does its thing and keeps most of my symptoms at bay."
174324252,"That’s good. Everything helps. I find it’s a good idea to play some music I like when I work out, and also I don’t train with heavy weights. I warm up with 2kg manuals and then go to 5kg manuals. It’s not very heavy, but it’s incredible the difference it makes. And I never train to the point where I start to dread the next excersise. I just keep it on a comfortable level. Almost make it something to look forward to. I know it’s hard to get started though."
175878646,A man’s man A man Co-creator of the universe A schizophrenic ape Schizophrenic co-creator of the universe Hat maker of ill-repute 0 voters
175878647,Thank you for sharing <3 _AT_MENTION_ I have had the same thing with drawings going unfinished. Doing smaller projects sounds good. I think I might try that. I hope you have more good days.
175878648,"Sometimes that happens to me. I never considered that it could be from my meds though. That makes sense. Because if I don’t eat or don’t eat enough I get shaky and dizzy, nauseous. And I never used to be like that before meds. Before meds I could accidentally or purposely skip meals and not notice anything."
175878649,"_PERSON_ got my own mini fridge already. Really looking forward to living out in the future, thanks for the heads up that you lost weight . That’s great."
175878650,"Thanks, in the past i used a complex vitamine B. In fact it helped a little bit. Im not that worried about drinking, it’s 2-3 beers a day, and I’m never drunk, but im planning to stop anyway when the medicine kicks in"
175878651,A Celtic Tale by _NAME_
175878652,I’m socially insecure too. Lots of people are
175878653,"I usually pop a few pills, turn on a Disney movie and brew some tea, then kinda space out — It takes my mind off it"
175878654,"An MRI basically just shows the parts of your brain, sees if you have any tumors. Not everyone’s brain with mental illness looks different, in fact there is only weak evidence that our brains look different at all. (The studies that showed differences were all on people who took meds so it was unsure what changes were caused by meds and what was caused by illness. Many many research studies have shown no physical differences at all). In other words, psychosis is not diagnosable from an MRI. You can’t diagnose it with an MRI."
175878655,"Thanks,you reminded me about that."
175878656,"Hi _PERSON_, Don't lost hope. You are not alone. I been tru this in 2016. Then this year after taking NSAIDS, big pills and other meds this thing had relapse. Then listening to the COVID news did not help at all. I am on my road to recovery again. Taking Lecorice and Probiotics helps. Do a lot of prayers too. God is good. (My personal). You can click my name and you will see my situation before and now. This forum been good to me. All the best."
175878657,Should I go to the hospital? I’ve been feeling like this for a month.
175878658,That sounds strange! I don’t know how you’re supposed to improve your translation skills without any feedback. Do you know your classmates? You could ask them to review your assignments in exchange for reviewing theirs. I am taking a writing course and we have peer review. I don’t know if it helps but it is better than no feedback.
175878659,You wake up and mistakenly brush your teeth with your teenager’s pimple cream.
175878660,"I don’t care about me, but I care about my husband and my family. I know they would feel really sad."
175878661,"Samoa and Indonesia have been affected by tidal waves, floods, and earthquakes at other times I’ve yelled as well. It could definitely be a coincidence."
175878662,It might be worth it to try getting that discharged.
174324257,"My experience was only 600-900mg lithium while on 30mg zyprexa, I will never take lithium again, worst experience."
175878663,I’m waiting for medical aid to cover the injection it’s not covered yet but when the generics are out here then it’s only a years wait max before it’s covered.
175878664,"Maybe its as simple as this. Ego is one of the greatest of illusions, disintegration of the ego is unity with pure bliss. Sounds more like your ego has simply changed masks, or created a new game to play. Any and all things/ideas can be destroyed and then rebuilt, most of the time they become better integrated and/or more structurally sound after recreation. After all recreation is fun, literally."
175878665,It’s pending in my bank account so Wednesday possibly.
175878666,I am sick of involuntary movement problems. I had this on Haldol and Latuda I hope I don’t have to switch medications
175878667,"Definitely bring it up with your doctor. If it’s only happening in the morning though, you could just be one of those people who has that reaction to coffee. I didn’t used to be, but as I’ve gotten older, I’ve developed that reaction. But after the morning coffee reaction is done, I don’t have to go again until the next morning, after I drink my next coffee. I don’t mind. It keeps me regular. Even if it’s a side effect, it might not be bad. If it is only a morning thing, and isn’t getting in the way of your life or making you dizzy, it seems like a fair tradeoff. If it gets bad, drink Gatorade or pedialyte. Something with electrolytes."
175878668,"Here in _NAME_, we had 4 to 6 inches a couple of days ago. I love snow!"
175878669,Ever thought that your computer might be doxxed and your not delusional about this though you take meds for this type of hallucination !
175878670,"Those who pay a high price for stranger nomenclature,definitions,concepts and irrelevant theories ,they are those who get infected with Sz ,some of them lose their lives,others live in torment and constant complaints"
174324258,_AT_MENTION_ Screenshot_20201029-2331371080×2270 515 KB
175878671,"Oh if you’re feeling that bad, maybe instead of studying you can use one of these International crisis hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world More resources:"
175878672,"They are similar, but kratom causes dependency unlike kava. I don’t have like crippling withdrawal symptoms or anything, but it’s annoying enough that I don’t want to take it anymore."
175878673,My voices. Who can tell me for certain they aren’t real and aren’t some sort of spirits talking to me? They always have intelligent responses and converse and argue with each other. Does it count as a delusion if I consider the possibility they could have some sort of substance in reality?
175878674,"Ya I did. They just say it’s my imagination. Can’t blame them. They don’t understand. It gets tiring after awhile. I just go for my meds. And yes my meds are fine. Been on every med practically and high doses. Can’t medicate the truth. Even told them about mk ultra and montauk and they either roll their eyes, ignore me, or don’t know ???? from their ass when I talk about it. They really have no clue or idea. I dont blame them. It is sad. Most people dont know. It took me years to find out about it thanks toYouTube, google, and my memories. I have to work hard to trigger them. And it sounds counter productive and whatnot but I’m actually happy now with my life. My dp/dr is gone and I’m stress free. I enjoy my life being a “bum”."
175878675,I had no idea the underside got dirty when you puked and then one day bf was like have you been sick....I’m thinking it was just anxiety but still I was confused lol....then he was like I cleaned the toilet for you. In my mind I had already cleaned it sohe had to explain....
174324265,"turn him / her into the cyber cops or local authorities, and they should get help then as well as get them away from you."
175878676,I had a college degree but actually running a forklift was one of the fun jobs ever had. I had no training or anything but we had to take these big giant drums of Nickel pellets stacked up and spread them into an electroplating bath. I interviewed for another job and they were amazed a woman ran one since that was part of the job. They actually called me to accept me after I had taken the 20 year job.
174324262,"Is it possible that, the metaphor (sometimes) expresses about the reality better that the direct expression ? For example, the medical condition of the sz can be described as an attention fever or transmitters fever Schizophrenia itself is parasitic health condition activated by non-human psychological parasite"
175878677,Voices in songs trigger me sometimes. Especially if it’s a song I haven’t heard before.
175878678,I’ll just really focus on my job and keep being nice to people. Maybe they’ll just think I’m awkward but alright . Thanks for your reply _AT_MENTION_
175878679,What are you excited about?
174324256,Clozapine is kind of rough on the stomach. I always take it with milk
175878680,"Since it’s a manga style, how about some light blue?"
175878681,One in ten of the population and that’s just one. The whole world is probably ill to some extent.
175878682,"I might have a photo session booked to Dartmoor soon, so I might have another photography thread soon"
175878683,"Yes, I have pronoia. God, Universe etc. have a special mission for me. And they protect me. That’s why I never get ill"
175878684,"I don’t feel good _USER_ID_/// I think it’s partially the metformin, but because I barely been eating. It doesn’t make me hungry much. I don’t think about food like I used to. I used to think about my next snack...I don’t anymore. But I had coffee on an empty stomach and that’s never good for me. Plus it was black coffee which makes me nauseous and jittery. For some reason I have to drink it with cream now. It was the smallest cup option on the Keurig too."
175878685,"CNBC – 21 Aug 20 WHO warns coronavirus vaccine alone won't end pandemic: 'We cannot go back to... World leaders and the public must learn to manage the virus and make permanent adjustments to their daily lives to bring the virus down to low levels, the WHO said."
175878686,I used to place high importance on sex and approached it like an addict. But after being in a relationship with a great partner for 4 years I’ve found a great partner is much more important than sex. Now it’s just a special bonus . I don’t have it too often but I’m also not doing that well mentally so my interest in it is not so much these days.
174324274,Diagnosed 23 Three years of hell Non compliance with medication Then came the realisation Olanzapine worked for me Return of joy and motivation Life is good again
175878687,"TRIGGER WARNING I remember at the start of it all me yelling at my landlord through the walls. I lived above him. Then, I remember taking a hit of my water pipe as I saw and heard many soldiers click magazines into their assault rifles in the forest at night. As if to engage (shoot at) me. It was probably just raining. I lived in the middle of nowhere so it was eerie. Luckily I had my parents there and after similar events such as these, I was diagnosed SZA. Lol."
175878688,I hope you'll sleep well and wake refreshed.
174324263,"I can tell you what my symptoms are like right now, but there’s no telling what they’ll be like in a week or two since I’m still in the process of transitioning from risperidone to latuda. I’m currently on 3mg risperidone and 40mg latuda and I’m having no positive symptoms, but I’d say definitely still some negative symptoms. I’m not really motivated to do anything, it feels like I still don’t care about much, and I’m usually just pacing back and forth."
175878689,"Well clearly I’m not psychic. Of course I don’t know. I just mean that I have a bad feeling about this. That’s not the point. What I’m saying is that your husband bought something that he knew would trigger some of your unhealthy eating behaviors. It’s not like he just wanted to cheer you up or something. You said he did it out of spite. That’s what worries me. That he’s willing to do something that makes recovery that much more difficult just because he’s angry. I don’t care whether or not someone disagrees with me. We all have differing opinions. My issue is that people on this forum open up about their problems, but then when they don’t get an answer they like, they go off. Do you know how many times people here have made leaps about my mental state, my relationships, my personality, my faith, my situation as a whole? In fact, I recall you advising me to ignore my mother’s warnings about calling the police while feeling increasingly homicidal because she didn’t know what 
she was talking about. I never disregarded your advice, nor did I ever attempt to belittle or silence you by exclaiming that you’re not a black woman living in the heart of conservative Texas. All I did was warn you about what looked to me like a possibly unhealthy situation. If you disagree, then that’s fine, but don’t treat me like my opinions don’t matter simply because I’m not completely finished growing up. And you know nothing about me or what I’ve been through, what I’m going through. You have no idea what it took for me to get here. I’m a lot of things, L, but a pushover is not one of them. I’m not going to abandon my concerns just because you tell me to… I digress. I care for you, deeply, and I still believe that you deserve only the best. Take care of yourself, L. And please, please be careful. Old habits die hard."
175878690,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175878691,"So I established care with my new psychiatrist. He seems really knowledgeable. The psych evaluation was brutal though. Does anyone else feel overwhelmed by all the questions about the past, especially about like the worst times of your life? Overdoses, psychotic episodes, etc. Really specific questions about times of atrocity. I won’t go into detail. Ugh it gets me thinking about that stuff in circles all day. So I am going to be honest with him next time if he decides to ask more about what happened in the past esp. concerning hard times. I’ve turned over a new leaf, I’m on the right track now. No sense in picking up dusty old times of no use. Hopefully it was just the eval. But anyways, yes I think they tend to scrutinize the delusions to understand them? Or their cause. Like drugs, trauma, or pre-existing medical conditions. I am not a psychiatrist but it would certainly be an interesting profession."
175878692,I don't want to go into PHP. I hate having agoraphobia.
175878693,i don’t see a deleted post.
175878694,It’s kinda sleeting here. Just got done feeding the animals. I’ve been to Jersey once in my life and NYC. Was a fun trip.
175878695,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878696,Everyone has moments when they feel the sting of rejection. Everyone. But the important part is how you deal and react to it. You truly need to see that it doesn’t matter if others can’t see your good stuff - it only matters if you love yourself more than their (mostly uneducated) opinions.
175878697,Congratulations im happy for you. I also took calculus in college wasnt that bad. It was pretty interesting.
175878698,"It’s mental illness, all the way down."
175878699,Song for The Moonlight 2020
175878700,Finally got around to it today.
175878701,"I’m not sure how they went. But what I do do is take my meds every day, try to eat well (have had so so many relapse of this though very bad ones), try to work on my thinking patterns, I tend to stress a lot so I’m trying to work on that, give myself the recovery time I need…, I avoid alcohol drugs n ciggies How long have you heard voices for?"
175878702,Science | AAAS – 22 Mar 20 WHO launches global megatrial of the four most promising coronavirus treatments Simple design aims to let even overwhelmed physicians and hospitals participate
175878703,I probably need to take my diazepam.
175878704,I have less intrusive thoughts and images now that i am on an ap. More in control of my emotions as well.
175878705,I am totally bad.
175878706,"therapy went ok, im tired"
175878707,I raise concerns that the doctor thinks are nothing. They are not always correct. They thought my brother had an allergy. It turned out to be a severe blood disorder. So yea I fight to be taken more seriously in my concerns
175878708,Keep Positive And Don’t Lash Out on Yourself or Anyone Outside of Yourself. Stay Strong!.
175878709,"Also, it might help you to research types of diets out there-- having a framework might set you up for success. Some people calorie count, there’s the Paleo diet, Keto, plant-based… It really depends on your personal food preferences and what you know you can stick with."
175878710,"The kind of roommate that hits you probably wouldn’t have the braincells to operate the microphone on his own smartphone, let alone install microphones in your apartment."
175878711,"I’m in the United States, _NAME_ specifically. There’s a specific application for it but the case manager did my application for me. I would just run searches for the term “general relief.” I had a lot of help finding these resources so I’m not exactly sure how to find them on my own. dss._NAME_.gov General Relief (GR) People helping people triumph over poverty, abuse and neglect to shape strong futures for themselves, their families and communities"
175878712,"I was doing well on meds for several years, and they took me off. Then, it was horror. I wouldn’t agree to taking the meds again, however. _PERSON_"
175878713,They can also support your father emotionally.
175878714,Only withdraw when its anxiety caused by psychosis. Otherwise very outgoing. I think anxiety serves a protective function like your mentioning in that in the right doses it raises to our awareness things that are important that we can do something about to avoid harm
175878715,I had 0 insight the first year till I exploded then someone told me I was having psychotic symptoms. I didn’t even know what bipolar or schizophrenia was then.
175878716,"Sorry to hear about this _AT_MENTION_ I hope those people treat you better, you deserve better"
175878717,"I see shadows moving in peripheral vision and when I turn my head to look directly at them, they disappear. Small shadows running or crawling."
175878718,It’s chromium. Some are about 500-600 mcg?. But that’s a good dose. I can’t remember the units. Mcg or mg.
175878719,The Gotham Rogues.
175878720,"I haven't had a panic attack in 10 days, that's a record for me"
175878721,"No j don’t have psychosis. I mean how do I know? The way I can tell I am able to work with customers face to face and employer knows SZ and I told him to tell me if I’ll start acting strangely. So far nothing, in love with my mom that she immediately called ambulance when I was psychotic, and nothing now. So no I’m not psychotic now"
175878722,idk many ap are sleep meds too that what my doc said to me becoz high dopamine in brain mean less sleep
174324271,"Sorry, but I don’t agree. You, and every schizophrenic, should take pills everyday. You have bad days, because you don’t take meds every day"
175878723,Most likely you would be charged as a sex offender. It really is not worth it.
175878724,Ahh good thanks! He’s having sleep regression at the moment though what about yourself?
175878725,I was sexually abused by my stepdad at 8 1/2. I know it happened I just don’t remember most of it.
174324272,What I have found out so far with dating is that even though I’m schizophrenic there are people out there with issues and sometimes more issues then I have. I’m finding out more and more daily and I thought I was so different but I’m not minus the paranoia. There are people out there worse at communicating then me and I thought I was bad at it. These so called normal people have issues to.
175878726,"Does your psychiatrist ever give you an analysis of your situation. Like, does he/she tell you what exactly they think the problem is, and do they offer advice when you give them your account of what you are experiencing. What kinds of questions do they ask during a session? I’m asking all of this because after after a whole year, I still don’t have a diagnosis. Nor do I really have much insight into what exactly the problem is from a medical/psychiatric perspective. My psychiatrist doesn’t really say much during a session. Just listens and writes down notes and, if needed, a possible med adjustment. Is this normal? I’ve only ever been to one psychiatrist."
175878727,"It means things like heart,blood,weight effects."
175878728,womanizing zombie: daaames
175878729,"I agree with this, but I also think consciousness is external, and is not born out of organic molecule assembly. The human body is a vessel."
175878730,"As if we’d send a message to our register-system of our brain, to cure our flaws, it should work to replace and fix the bugs. But it seems that whenever I’m fixing my system, an outside power throws me back to my ‘faulty’ mental state again then."
174324270,I am on abilify. I occasionally get blurry vision but it goes away after less than a day.
175878731,I forgot the fish oil but I took the rest.
175878732,"_AT_MENTION_ You work with your doctor to discuss pros and cons and to assess risk. Sometimes you need more because you would be psychotic without them, or because a med is working but you take additional meds to address the side effects. Sometimes you need less because without them you can do okay."
175878733,I cant beat my anxiety so ive just accepted it and given in to it !!! Same as weight. Ive tried to lose it and i cant. So ive decided to throw the towel in and just accept im the fattest guy on the forum…
175878734,just seen 1818 …hello…
175878735,It's like a mild benzoey ecstasy alcoholish legal supplement drug. But I can only take it once every 1-2 weeks or I'd get bad withdrawal. It helped with my brain fog that I got from bad mind numbing weed strains. Theres a lot of horror stories about people getting addicted though. Idk how people can get addicted to things.. but I'm one to talk..
175878736,Grandiose as always. It’s not stressful. You?
175878737,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ - your kind words mean a lot to me. I need to get over this need to escape and focus back down again. Went back to work today, and it was not too bad. Just need to get back on track. My care coordinator thinks he might be able to get me more therapy _AT_MENTION_ - he is having a meeting with the psychologist, and will let me know what will happen. Worth a try"
175878738,Well screw that! What’s good for one...
174324273,Why do you say this?
175878739,How do you came to be born?
175878740,Do you get a lot of tactile hallucinations?
175878741,"No. It’s hard to read text without hearing the other persons voice. But like you said, slow it down and think first. You can do this"
175878742,"I heard that SSDI allows you to work up to 20 hours per week and a limit of $1,000 in earnings per month. My attorney recently filed my paperwork, and they noted that I currently work 10 hours in a week trying to start my own business, $0 thus earned thus far."
175878743,Yeah I get tactiles to but it comes in the form of feelings in the body like spritual ones not to do some thing or just plain the voices wanting me to think a certain way
175878744,"My doctor didn’t increase the meds.I did it myself,so that I can sleep better"
175878745,No. She died in '98.
175878746,"I am so sorry, newtus. Hugs."
175878747,Did you get tested for Covid?
175878748,"|||+|||~Is it Normal to Feel as if You Are Floating, When You’re Walking?~|||+|||"
174324278,"I just recently got my clozapine switched to all at night, I’m feeling way more energetic. I know your complaint isn’t lack of energy, but you might slurr less if you take it all at night, that’s only my opinion and not a fact. It might not hurt to try it out"
175878749,"I hate getting on tech forums for things like computer parts. I once built a computer with blue colored ram sticks but changed my mind about colors and used them in a basically red build for everything else. All these tossers would say…"" change the ram as it affects my ocd. "". I got sick of even trying to explain that it wasn’t ocd and they were super so far off the mark with it. Welcome to my ocd!"
175878750,"The assessments for the disibility cover are stringent, so they will know when your ready and able to work again and cut the benefit"
175878751,My granny suggested maybe I should stick to olanzapine
175878752,I forgot I had more French toast! Maybe will goto store later this afternoon.
175878753,What if one day I start writing delusional word salad here
175878754,"Unfortunately most doctors can't prescribe benzos and that is why they want you to see your psychiatrist. When I first started getting treated they told me to get to a psychiatrist to get anything like xanax, but where I live it was impossible to see anyone in a timely manner and I gave up. Since you already have one, hopefully it's as simple as seeing them and discussing your needs."
175878755,Sorry to hear bluebird...hugs.
175878756,"I do, actually. It’s a terrible feeling that always makes me sad."
175878757,"So they showed up to take me to my appointment, Yeah! I say my Dr. and she was very understanding of my problem right now and put me on Phentermine for 2 months. She did however talk to me at length about diet and exercise and changing my behaviors for the future. So I have a lot of work to do now. I called my meds management lady and she’s bringing my pills to my house tomorrow. I thought that was really nice of her to bring them here instead of me having to go back into the office again. I started my diet today even though I won’t have the diet pills until tomorrow. I’m hungry."
175878758,"Yes, I agree with Zombie. You’re not well. Please, please seek help from someone. Maybe go stay with your mom for a little bit."
175878759,"Bring it back, more freedom to be who you want to be"
175878760,"I rush i get, energy and pump keeps me going. I like too much to quit."
175878761,Playing the piano and drawing with a pencil.
175878762,"I have to have God in my life and my bible, though I was fighting the devil when I had my break, I knew God was still with me and kept praying til it passed"
174324281,"Because you have schizophrenia doesn’t mean you can’t also make discoveries in science or that you aren’t special and important. I learned to distinguish between symptoms of delusions and what I am naturally capable of and born to feel. Schizophrenia is like a mutation in the DNA and it affects many people. That single mutation shouldn’t stop you from your life purpose or for fulfilling your best potential. I was diagnosed when I was fifteen. They thought I would never go to college, never work, and things have progressed in healthcare since then. I got my GED right out of the psyche ward when I was seventeen. I’ve been to a four year college and I’m going back to technical school. I just applied today. I might even get a grant or scholarship. Don’t give up on all the things you could be capable of! I had a really high IQ when I was younger, schizophrenia did set that back a bit. But those qualities are still there. There is talent waiting to be re-discovered within me and within you 
too. You can go online and just take free classes through Harvard or Stanford online. I took one class on biological chemistry when I was trying to think of ways to cure cancer. I came up with a complete theory and posted it on my blog and then later found other theories that reflected my own ideas and inspiration. Even if you don’t get credit, your ideas can be pioneers for others to be inspired. Information travels fast. Your brilliant idea could be the spark for a complete revolution! Don’t doubt yourself, just keep learning and researching. I have always wanted to be a research scientist I want to help cure diseases. I was advised that people in the scientific community are incredibly harsh and will tear your hypothesis apart especially if you don’t have the credentials. But there are public forums and websites where people can share scientific ideas and research that bypass the old scientific community/way of thinking and you can make progress there its just in the way you try to reach out to peopl
e. More you study about biology and science/neurology the more you’ll know."
174324282,I had a bad reaction to invega.
175878763,I don’t understand the joke.
175878764,yeah thanks _AT_MENTION_ …its a great site…its probably my best therapy that I get…it certainly beats my pdoc appointments
175878765,"Can you describe the details to us or her? When I was saying I was concerned that people at my work thought I was crazy, my NP did reality test to see why I thought that. I have a very likely reason for that concern – some of what I did is available online and a previous co-worker came across it. It could help you with clarity. Sorry about the social worker being unsupportive. I am taken aback by the attitude that professionals can take toward anyone with delusions. It can be so patronizing or dismissive at times."
174324280,I think nobody knows they are gonna get sz or any other mental illness when they are young
175878766,Looks like I hold the record with _AT_MENTION_ with 12 years but that is only the psych hospital. I had pneumonia two years ago.
175878767,I’m good I slept for 24 hours till twelve. Just been over my application to study social work and another for translating. Just also had shower really needed one. Hadn’t had one for eight days. How are you? What time is it where you are? What u doing?
175878768,Oh dang I thought I was the only one who got this. For me it happens in very open public areas though it doesn’t necessarily have to be crowded. I feel like I am “leaking out” of my body into my surroundings and I get a rush of energy. If I haven’t eaten this sensation is even stronger for some reason. Its so weird.
175878769,I live in a relatively small town.
175878770,"A_A_ww _NAME_, that’s so nice of you to say. I think we’d get along famously! My agoraphobia keeps me from having people over. I hope you continue to get better. Take care."
175878771,I don’t have any friends. I could call the mental health line but they will just call the police if I tell them
175878772,Practicing clouds
175878773,"Logically what you say makes sense. But most people suffer; are sensitive, overly emotionally, depressed, anhedonic, have tragic experiences... etc. There are lots of reasons .... For those who suffer ( for whatever reason) it is important to feel there is a reason for it and that there is something at the end that justifies such suffering. Do you really think victims of crime, war, childhood rape, abuse, neglect, torture, grief, loss can turn around and adopt 'life is a game attitude'.? I guess having a 'heart', being sensitive, is disadvantageous on many levels. No one knows for sure that it is all pointless. Have to say I envy that. One great advantage of depression is not caring if one lives or dies. Maybe subconsciously 'depression' is a mental construct to allay the fear of dying..."
175878774,FB_IMG_4033_PHONE_NO_.jpg 1063×1890 174 KB FB_IMG_2822_PHONE_NO_.jpg 1063×1890 141 KB
175878775,"Well we live in Oakland but we visit a friend in Lake County, it’s 2 hours away in the countryside. Not really a vacation so much as a visit, but I enjoy it like it’s a vacation. We usually visit him every other month."
175878776,Excellent!!
175878777,I'm craving sweets but have nothing sweet in the house. Maybe I'll get some ice cream tomorrow. That would feel good to eat since I have a sore throat
175878778,Did you start having symptoms just last year? I’m basing that on glancing at went you joined the forum.
174324283,Psychology Today Wheat and Schizophrenia Could bread and pasta be behind the pathogenesis of schizophrenia? “Celiac doctors also noticed their patients were schizophrenic about 10X as often as the general population.”
174324286,???? schizophrenia. I hope the Tyranids come to wipe us out.
175878779,I have dry skin and eczema
175878780,Cool. That’s a real accomplishment.
174324285,"_USER_ID_ know how ya feeling, care to be friends?"
174324290,"Where I live the mentally ill people have a 5 year waiting list for a studio or 1 bedroom apartment. It looks really nice. Still, I don’t know if I could do it on my own or even have enough money. It’s a dream of mine to live there. In once place or county I lived in, there was no supportive housing for people like me. There was no waitlist. Not everyone in the country has the same opportunities. The place I lived in had high crime, high unemployment, and high poverty. There always seems to be a shortage of housing. There was only 1 homeless shelter in the area – the largest county in the country I believe. What a disgrace. It was filthy too and nasty I heard. I think we should take care of our own people first. The waitlist for where I lived or live is like 10-30 years. I don’t have a family, I’m not a veteran, I’m not blind, I don’t have kids, and I’m not a woman. I do have schizophrenia, but the support is limited for people like me. I did not get it under 18 years old. If I did, 
I would have been set for life."
175878781,Left us feeling not fully rested right. I could use another couple hours of sleep. Hopefully shower will wake me up though.
174324291,Even without positive symptoms I just too afraid for my life to travel abroad due to the transportation issues I have
175878782,"INVEGA TRINZA® (paliperidone palmitate) – 12 Sep 19 INVEGA TRINZA® (paliperidone palmitate) | HCP Learn about INVEGA TRINZA® (paliperidone palmitate), a long-acting antipsychotic treatment that is administered 4 times a year. See full prescribing and safety information. It seems that Sustenna is monthly and trinza up to 3 months."
175878783,Showered and shaved
174324289,"Anyone else? I was told this is delusions, but i remember and relive the trauma. I got ptsd unrecognized. I get memories, fears, and flashbacks of being murdered constantly in my dreams or while awake in my past lives in different parallel universes according to mwt of quantum mechanics. But im stuck in a causal loop. I wake up in the matrix back in time with schizophrenia after 2011. Its been going on for eternity, hence the paranoia and _NAME_. Im very old, pethaps immortal. It sounds delusional, but i feel scared and feel and remember I was tortured and brutally killed multiple times in my past lives. Nothing helps except cogentin or another ap on top of vraylar perhaps caplyta. Clozaril doesn’t work for me. Already tried it. I hate it. I can’t go to the hospital obviously and I dont need to. I hate it there. Plus, I was kidnapped. My family was murdered too in past lives. I may not be fully human. I might be a humanoid alien i guess. I think patients mainly at the mental hospital targeted m
e and monarch people. Like illuminati, government, banks, Hollywood, actresses, actors, directors, and military. Like the worst was satanic and snuff films of me. I died a miserable death many times. I know I shouldn’t post this crap but it was real for me. I think aliens were involved too. I’m scared I guess but believe i can heal and stuff by talking about what happened and eventually move on. Never knew why. I always thought it was my _NAME_ titor delusion. Then q delusion. Now, _USER_ID_ nakamoto delusion. Dont know what else caused this except some random crime targeting me. Like a hate crime or false accusations. I thought i was raped in college and had a kid, but no evidence. Just a hunch. No proof. I guess that part is my imagination–the offspring part…i hope…i found out in a past life or parallel universe, which is feeding this falsehood. Imagine dying and coming back alive. Imagine the horror never ending. Thats my ??????? life. No one believes me or can help me. You can’t police or char
ge people of crimes that don’t exist in this reality or universe. Thoughts? Again, my biggest hope is escaping this causal loop, curing my illness, and exiting the matrix. Thank you!"
175878784,"I’m dreading my PIP assessment next year. I’m doing better, but that’s due,to a large extent, to a fair amount of help and support."
175878785,"i remember i took an amtrak to new york city and we stopped at a train stop in rochester, new york or something and i went in the station and i was like “woah, i’ve been here before”."
175878786,"No, Keep it if you like it! Beards can be neat too. Don’t feel pressured to shave it."
175878787,Yeah I’ll usually listen to Spotify on my cell phone
175878788,"Got my Covid shot, Pfizer, first one, yesterday. In three weeks I get the second dose. Can't wait."
175878789,"Where does one go to find support for being a non? Help me doctor, I behave like an asshole and don't have a personality disorder to blame it on!"
175878790,Is Haldol the only med that works for you?
175878791,It is during night depression A depression for no reason or may be the reason I don’t like sleep that much
175878792,Why do you feel that way?
175878793,Me also I still get paranoia and voices so it’s not a wonder drug But I will say I always get good night sleep
175878794,I’ve been Feeling like crap for a couple of days now. I think I’m not getting enough sleep.
175878795,My daughter has adhd and when she was younger she took Vyvanse. It was the only med that helped. She also has a binging disorder and the Vyvanse curbed her appetite. She would still eat sporadically but not as much.
174324300,kinda cliche but The Center Cannot Hold is a classic that I enjoyed a lot
175878796,Would you be getting it done at a salon or doing it at home yourself?
175878797,"If you want to make friends, it’d be easier in a book club that discusses the books because you get to know each other that way. It’s a way to converse and get to know each other without the intense focus on one’s self. It’s like an ice breaker."
174324297,I am the same. There is no treatment for negative and cognitive symptoms but its better than having positive symptoms. The only reason that I stopped committing suicide is that my parents cried when I intentionally ovedosed on Tylenol. I vomited for 2h and drs in the emergency said I would be dead if my parents took more time to bring me to the emergency. I would be dead if my parents came home late when they saw me vomiting.
175878798,You too _AT_MENTION_ thank you
175878799,I see my therapist in the morning thank ****
175878800,I’ve had the same issue.
175878801,Thanks _USER_ID_ And fair play to you for stopping it too The beer fooled me into thinking it was ok to drink it too much so i _NAME_ a line in the sand and said goodbye alcohol life is better without it
175878802,I think not. It’s rather superficial. I don’t feel connected to anybody.
175878803,"Suicide is a tragic occurrence. The following link will show some statistics regarding it’s increase and what ages have shown a larger increase. I think it is important to share and discuss how some of us have had to battle with this. I hope for some positivity and advice on how to overcome such thoughts. This post is anti suicide in a way. I hope it helps at least one person. First off, if you are currently feeling suicidal seek help, here is a U.S. national suicide prevention phone number that can be dialed 24 hours a day. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline Call 1-_PHONE_NO_ Available 24 hours everyday If anyone would like to share suicide prevention phone number for any country you are more than welcome to do so. Here are the statistics,"
175878804,I don’t know why you got turned down. I got mine in 3 months on the first try. I thought it was because the lawyer is the one who submitted the application. Who knows? But I hope you get it. Good luck
175878805,"Yeah, that’s what I get from your posts. You seem to be the one putting yourself down and hating yourself when actually no one else is doing it. Pretty self-defeating but you’re partially right, _USER_ID_ is real. But not all the time."
175878806,Did you quit the meds that caused it? I think this is the first thing one must do
175878807,I am much better back then. No intrusive thoughts or panic/anxiety attacks.
175878808,"I don’t know anybody else with sz/sza, except you guys"
175878809,"hey man sorry ill update the link yea i rap some, produce etc. doesn matter whatever youre down to collab on im willing i just finished this: _AT_MENTION_ helped me on it too near the end theres a guitar solo"
175878810,"Sorry that happened to you! Sports is one aspect group out of many groups to measure in the spectrum of winner, middle and loser. There are tons of people with potential for success outside of sports, some have yet to find their calling yet. But _PERSON_’s coach vexes me and I imagine this person to be a coach-splaining _NAME_ cramden type of person. The type that uses toxic ways to oversimplify someone’s overall ability with an agenda behind it. Will _NAME_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _NAME_ and _NAME_ were caught on camera being awful at sports. All of them losers according to professor coach pundit _USER_ID_. Not that there’s anything wrong with being a coach, but I don’t know this person’s name. _PHONE_NO_"
174324296,"Hello all... it has been a long time since I have posted here... I used to get notifications on my phone and I think the Schizophrenia group was more active so I don't even know when is the last time I posted here. I have been having a rough time lately and have been even more sick than normal since about November, so I've been struggling. I tried really hard for a few months to come up with a way to work part time because I didn't want to go on disability, but I finally broke down and applied for disability yesterday. So that has been really difficult. I'm also worried about running out of finances before they approve my case, but I'm trying not to think too much about that. I've been having a really, really hard time being out in public, where even short, friendly interactions have been making me highly agitated to the point where I just get enraged. And today was pretty difficult with that, too. But anyway, I think I felt ok enough to check out the forums tonight and say hello to you all... I ha
d to stay home from my son's concert at school, but I was able to watch it on livestream. I guess I was just feeling lonely and I thought maybe I might start posting or checking the forums occasionally again, as I haven't done that in a long time. Hope you are all well."
175878811,"Yes I have but in total remission since 2010, just one more visit to the pdoc, and i am being discharged from the psychitrict clinic , i beat it"
175878812,"Before your first psychosis, how was your life? Did you function normal, did you have lots of friends? How is your life now, compared to before?"
175878813,"I used to see sonic the hedgehog getting all the chaos emeralds and becoming supersonic. Or it would be sonic almost drowning but getting an air bubble. Like repeatedly for a few years. Closed eye hallucinations were common for me during the day. It was weird I could see it all in my mind with my eyes open, and when I closed my eyes it was all there"
175878814,Christmas 2019 I was 64 kg . Christmas 2020 I was 56.7 kg . Now I’m probably 58 kg because I ate heaps Christmas and new year. My goal for 2021 is to be 55 kg .
175878815,_PERSON_!
175878816,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324294,"But my doctor don’t like me asking for meds,he interview me and prescribed.I have asked,but always nothing in return.I have tried tons of antidepressant or antipsychotic…it’s the same for me"
175878817,I finally had to courage to take Remeron (Mirtazapine) because I've been needing to take 7.5mg of zopiclone every night to sleep.. I took 1/4 of a prescribed Remeron (3.75mg) and it felt more sedating than zopiclone D: I went right to sleep...
175878818,Hey. The future is uncertain...this is certainly true. Great work on the booze. Obe day at a time. Change is a common progress. Embrace it in the positive manner it needs; therefore the anxiety of it will diminish. Keep ?. HT
175878819,The evergreen tree near the elementary school. A teacher caught us and called my parents.
175878820,When I finally found a medication that’s worked for me and was no longer psychotic after years of being in it I felt so alone. Over time I have built hobbies. Friends. Got a dog and got engaged. It did feel strange at first and I missed my psychosis somewhat. Take it a day at a time.
175878821,"My sisters came over tonight! They not only brought dinner and a few Christmas things to set around the apartment like they told me they would, but they surprised me with a Christmas tree, two poinsettias, lights for the tree, and red and green bulbs for the tree. I was my usual wonderful self and we talked about people they knew, and politics at one point and other general stuff. Lots of laughs and a good time and they stayed three hours. I couldn’t stand three hours with most people but they are cool and funny and really fun to be around. The evening was only marred by one incident when my sisters dog she brought with her lunged and bit me on the forehead near my eye when I bent down to pick something up I had dropped. It bled a little and I just shrugged it of at first even though my middle sister (not the one who owns the dog) swore she would never trust him again. I shrugged it off but as a couple minutes went by I got some latent shock and then I tried to be careful around him but when he w
as all the way across the room and I bent to pick up something else he ran over and tried to bite my arm. I tried to downplay it because I didn’t want my sister to feel bad but I told her I’m 58 and I don’t have the reflexes to dodge a dog like when I was 17. And I should have kept my mouth shut because it’s Christmastime but I just said that I’ve been nothing but nice to this dog and I’ve put out more effort than anybody else to get along with him and treat him good and now this. Anyways, that was just for a little while and the rest of the evening went great. Now my apartment looks “Christmassy” and I’m happy."
175878822,"I’m pretty sure that in places where people chew beetle nuts, schizophrenics chew at a greater rate than the general population."
175878823,You haven’t included your visual hallucination. Don’t you see and converse in your head with the devil or something?
175878824,"Hello, so ive been to my psychiatrist and told her I feel sad everyday. she said sadness is part of life so she didnt prescribe me more medication because I have been able to study everyday but Ive also been feeling awful alot lately with self harm ideas and the ideia that ill commit suicide one day as something that is certain. I dont know who to talk to so I decided to write it here. what do you do when you feel like this?"
174324298,my life has low stress but I am sort of functional but I definitely CAN’T support myself at the level of a normal human being. I haven’t paid enough taxes to get benefits and live outside the states but it’s maybe possible that I could get benefits if I moved back. But even that is not certain because some people told me it’s hard to get benefits (I did about 10 years ago) when you did before and have been supporting yourself. Luckily Thailand is cheap but I’m not really living it up over here… not even close…
175878825,It's okay - now you know that it has that effect. It's tough to get off of caffeine for sure. It's still a good goal though.
175878826,"Hello Again. I Jus Quoted You, _AT_MENTION_ Again. You Are a Human Being Online. Communicating With Me With Letters on a Computer Screen. A “touch” As You Like to Say. I Quoted You Again. And I Say Once Again, Proof. I Am Here. And You Are There. And Here We All Are. Not, “demanding for proof”, Showing You Proof. There’s a Difference Yo."
174324304,"Some high-fiber foods that are good for your gut bacteria include : Raspberries Artichokes Green peas Broccoli Chickpeas Lentils Beans (kidney, pinto and white) Whole grains Healthline 10 Ways to Improve Your Gut Bacteria, Based on Science The bacteria in your gut are incredibly important for your health and weight. Here are 10 ways to improve your gut bacteria with diet."
174324307,"I never knew what is the keyword for _PERSON_’‘a’’, but i got diagnose with Schizophrenia at 17, my symptoms were mostly paranoia, my paranoia made me curious about the voice so i kept on being delusional."
175878827,"I know you’re trying to help me _AT_MENTION_ and I know you didn’t mean #5 maliciously but for the record, I have talked to both neighbors and the counselor suggested I write letters to clear the air because I’ll admit, some of these problems may just be in my mind. Some. But I wrote the letters."
175878828,You said you were going to see your psychiatrist this week. Can you hold on until then or do you think you should go to the hospital?
175878829,Yeah. The number of times I’ve gone to the ER for help and been turned away because I want severe enough given how few needs we’re available at that time is appalling. That should never happen.
174324299,"I think your symptoms are to complicated to be drug induced. Have a _NAME_ and deep conversations with you parents. Tell them that a doctor can tell whether you have a drug induced psychosis or schizophrenia, and even what it is causing your problem and how to make you feel better, you definitively needs help as soon as possible. Early intervention is crucial no matter what it is. And welcome to the forum and good luck"
175878830,How are you _NAME_?
175878831,"Because my psychiatrist continues to recommend medication. Because I become floridly psychotic, lose my insight, and relapse when I discontinue my medication and this has been the case for the past 25+ years. And questions?"
175878832,What is love without jealousy? For it has been said To be itself a bitter taste Of great appreciation
175878833,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878834,"I know it is really stupid to share, it is such a minor thing. But we are going to a salon and my dance partner asked me to join him for dinner in a restaurant after. I know it isnt a date, and (i suppose) he doesnt see it that way, but i still feel excited, like dressing up and all. I never really go out like that anymore. Please wish me luck!"
175878835,lol there is nothing like drama…
175878836,"Yeah tried that. Unfortunately it didn’t help. I mean the gabapentinoids help so much that I would kinda hate to lose them. Plus they don’t get me high, just make me feel normal"
175878837,I like the juuls and blus the best those don’t have that risk. I could hear my friends vape going off in his pocket the other day. That part worries me.
175878838,"It’s been a week since my depression returned and I still feel bad - numb and dead, like everything is pointless. I’ve increased my Lamotrigine back up to 150mg. Hoping it helps. But another thing happened which set me back more - my husband decided he wants to move house again. The house we staying in for last two or three months i fell in love with. Amazing garden, amazing neighbour. Amazing view. But unfortunately my husband wants to move back to our old neighbourhood closer to the beach and flea market. I have to adjust to the idea. Felt grief and rage and sorrow. Now I’m calmer but still down. Feel life is so pointless. The other day when my husband and I were at odds I cut my arm and wrist leaving only superficial scratches. If only my skin weren’t so tough… Trying to get into my art again. To paint my illness etc. Got a new easel recently and want to use it. But it’s tough starting when I feel so grey…"
175878839,other people need to go away and leave me the hell alone. I’m serious. This is totally ?????? up. I can’t even begin to deal with this in any way shape or form. I can barely handle what little I do. There’s no way I can handle this. It’s too much to ask. Why do people have to put their own deficits off on me? Why do people expect me to able to cope with stress like this? I try to not bother people but you think they would see how I struggle and they would care enough to not overload me. But no! Let’s just pile the crap on top of her until she breaks. Let’s just push her until she tries to kill herself again. It’s like no one remembers how sick I am. It’s like no one remembers how bad it gets. So let’s just push it and push it until she snaps. It’s total bullcrap.
175878840,"i like to hang out with friends no more than once a month. i haven’t hung out with anybody since covid though, but we have had lots of family visit the house, and my two older lady friends are coming to stay next month. they always invite me on vacations and pay for the lodging, one is rich, worked a good paying job and never had kids. took me awhile to get used to her, she can be opinionated and talks your head off, but in a way she is a little like me, with having nieces and nephews and no kids of her own. after 2 days i was comfortable with her."
175878841,"Good idea. Except I don’t know how to start a blog. Furthermore, I wouldn’t know what to say everyday in a blog because I most certainly don’t write every day. Only rarely."
175878842,"Everything. In. Moderation. I dont know much about the brain, but I know there are different dopamine receptors located all throughout. I know D2 and D4 receptors are responsible for psychosis and mania. But what I would really like to know are how dopamine triggering things, like _AT_MENTION_ mentioned, affect these different dopamine receptors."
175878843,Oh man making cinnamon rolls for dinner lol. They were supposed to be for breakfast but resistance is futile.....
175878844,Thank you for the like.
175878845,I got 10 hours sleep last night. I went to bed at 7 PM and got up at 5 AM today. I feel good.
175878846,_PERSON_ read manga I watched few episodes of _USER_ID_. I think mecha is cool ir fighting
175878847,2008 but not successfully… I worked successfully in tech support in 2003…
175878848,Very much the same here.
175878849,"When I was 27, I dated a woman who was 42. She left me for another woman my age though. When I was 30, my fiance was 44. I didn’t feel comfortable with him though and so I left him. When I was 29, I was seeing a 55 year old, male history professor. We broke up when I decided he was too old for me. When I was 33, I had a short affair with a 24 year old young man. I dumped him after a week when my gf came back. When I was 38, I was dating a 48 year old woman. I had to let her go because she wasn’t giving me the attention that I craved. When I was 40, I was seeing a 59 year old garage owner. I let him go due to age too. When I was 43, I saw this 27 year old young woman who was not on the same page as me as she turned out to be straight. So, I dumped her too. A year later, I met this 29 ye"
175878850,"Complex trauma, stress, and amphetamines."
175878851,Why did he take your lamictal?
175878852,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878853,Good morning everyone
175878854,Is life gods gift or the devils curse.
175878855,It sounds very nice. I do prefer minimal too… too much stuff makes me anxious …
175878856,"_PERSON_’s Hierarchy of needs should be covered by the government. Well, at least the physiological needs at least. 2000×1052 628 KB"
175878857,I don’t have an illness
174324305,That’s great news. Rexulti has been wonderful for me in combination with Saphris. I think you’ll do well.
175878858,same here… 151515
174324311,chronic insomnia causes blunted like affect and improving sleep quality improves it.
175878859,"Nope, not today"
175878860,I can’t think clearly.
174324312,"I think they need to make a film that shows how a recovered person with Schizophrenia lives to try and raise some awareness of how we live our lives. Dramatising the positives isn’t really helpful. They need to show how life is. I guess a beautiful mind does this to some degree, but _NAME_ was a pretty unique example. I think they could make it quite gritty and appealing to an audience."
175878861,It’s all psychotic reasoning. You’re just going to come up with stranger and stranger theories until you’re treated.
175878862,I think they train you on the job.
175878863,How are u in the hospital with an electronic device?
174324313,It’s okay. Quarter or not you can have pizza. The Scarecrow is scary though!
175878864,I remember _NAME_ I have Back Then and Next to you in my playlist. I just added Still Trippin. Does he still sings?
175878865,I used to day dream a lot. I’m not sure why it went away. _NAME_ mitty is a good way of describing it.
175878866,Big fat zero here in scotland
175878867,Just cleaned my kitchen. Feeling amazing
175878868,"My prolactin is a bit high, but it could be worse."
175878869,"Then go to this link and post the videos here. If something is real then you can do that. And if the whole world knows it ,then post the web pages talking about it with video clips and memes made from stills. Because that’s how global, viral things work. There will be lots of evidence."
175878870,"IMG_20201231_024532912×1600 335 KB I have been there many, many times."
174324315,"Risperdal, Clopixol depot, Olanzapine and now I’m on Abilify."
175878871,"Yeah, like “I allways win because the interaction alone is enough for me to give away”? I haven´t found yet the people who give, are there many of them?"
175878872,"If tomorrow I still have symptoms, this will be hard…"
175878873,Depersonalisation? Derealisation ?
175878874,"I deeply disagree with the morally philistine notion that living in a simulation would not impinge on received ideas of authenticity, or even worse, the denial of the transformative power of self - knowledge (and no self knowledge is complete without an understanding of our surroundings). I can’t think of many issues more morally urgent than discovering whether we live in a simulation or not."
175878875,"PubMed Common and Differential Dimensions of Personal Identity Between Psychosis and... Disturbances in personal identity are recognized in psychosis and depression. However, it is unknown whether these disruptions share common processes across clinical groups, or whether there are unique alterations by group or between men and women..."
175878876,"It’s the first day and I feel like dying…I am feeling anxious and it’s not the first time I quit,it’s probably the 7th attempt.I feel this time is different as I had a bet with my gf if whoever uses a cigarette or vape first,will lose the bet with money.Its us trying to build a better future."
175878877,Thanks kit
175878878,I feel for you guys. My psychotic episode was pretty scarring as well and also involved hell.
175878879,i hear voices all the time even on meds i have changed meds loads of times i end up self harming or feeling things under my skin i cant focus on things and i get paranoid and the voices get louder and angry
175878880,Good luck at your appointment
175878881,"i understand, maybe wait for a better vaccine with least side effects. its too late for me now. good luck."
175878882,"Yes! That’s the truth man, I find it so hard. Because who are you meant to vent to, if you can’t vent to your own family/household? I agree a lot with that. It’s difficult. We have to be really resilient as sz patients, and often people overlook just how resilient our community really is"
175878883,Slept 11 hours today with the help of 1mg xanax and 2mg ativan. But I won't be taking a benzo for a while now. At least a week. I just needed to reset my sleep state. I took vyvanse and a caffeine pill to wake up. Next shift starts in less than 4 hours. My coworker that is training me is so boring. He's really old and been working night shift for 8 years and that's allllll he does. I feel so numb emotionally and all I've been thinking about is work and pieces of paper with numbers on them..
174324316,"I have a relative moving in. She has been hard on my mental health in the past. I’m hoping it will be different and I feel bad for them but I don’t want to live with them. It’s really stressing me out. On top of it, I think I being gaslighted by my siblings. They are angry at me. I know why but I won’t say. It wasn’t done maliciously to hurt them though but they still hate me now. I have reasons to believe it that I know are true but I won’t say them here. Believe me, if you want or not. I feel like the stuff he says is to see how I will respond. I don’t trust any of them anymore. it’s really adding to my mental health problems. My hallucinations have been worse and it’s late at night and i can’t sleep. if I moved out I would need to be close to my mom. I can’t even afford anything around here. a studio goes for 1200. I would have to go further out and I’m scared too. I might feel better in the morning. I was just talking about enjoying the present. but just a phone call tod
ay kept playing in my head along with my voices. i’m starting to kind of think of suicide. i’m not suicidal and have no plan. But I feel really stressed. My family isn’t the lets sit down and discuss it kind of family. So there is no doing that. If you were me what would you do. It would take a large portion of my income to pay rent. If i even qualified. and maybe my relativ3e will be different living with them. it might be for a long time… their a good person but i just don’t think living together is a good idea. It’s my mom’s house. I ask that only people diagnosed with schizophrenia respond. i do need help but i’m not really sure what options i have. I feel like i have none."
175878884,Cute boy singing _NAME_
175878885,"I admire this, can’t beat it really, the union of two souls in love words can’t describe it…in fairness"
175878886,Talk to her and apologize for any pain you might have caused throughout the past. I’m sure that apology isnt necessary though. Being strong doesn’t mean to be without emotion. You can be loving kind and vulnerable in front of your mom and still be strong. Most importantly you didnt cause her cancer. Try to challenge that thought and realize it’s not possible for you to have caused your mom’s cancer.
175878887,"I experienced catatonia early on in my illness. It was horrible. Everyday felt the same, except that you really couldn’t feel anything due to a lack of emotion. It was very hard to put words together, both because of lack of thought and disorganized thinking; I would often times speak in one word answers or sentence fragments. It was also very hard to move at parts, these parts I would just sit and stare off into space with virtually no thoughts. But, unfortunately, it was just a precursor of what was about to happen. My catatonia got much better, though. I found a antidepressant and antipsychotic that helped me tremendously. Now, I still get “catatonic” some times, but nothing like it was. It’s more like staring off into space for a few minutes without emotions. There really isn’t much advice I can offer except to take your medication as prescribed, and to trust your support system, but, more than likely, you wouldn’t even be thinking on how to get better. It’s a very unfortunate thi
ng that happens."
175878888,"Its false but they say its from god, bad luck and nothing can be done. They believe that jealousy and other ppl’s eyes bring bad luck."
175878889,"Thanks for the comments and advice.. I keep pushing through and doing the work I need to do, but sometimes the anxiety pushes back a little harder. A different perspective sometimes helps a lot..."
175878890,PubMed Retrospective review of use of adjunctive psychostimulants in patients with... Adjunctive psychostimulants could be a potential treatment consideration to address cognitive deficits in selected patients with schizophrenia.
175878891,I was on pills and then injection. I gained about 20 pounds but lost it on Invega. I like Invega better but was more motivated on risperdone
175878892,Thank you so very much:)
175878893,Only in our wildest dreams if you ask those who run this site
175878894,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175878895,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ Hopefully they will get to the bottom of it.
175878896,_AT_MENTION_ 6 lbs in a month and a half sounds good to me. Slow and sure That’s 72 lbs in a year and a half.
175878897,"i rarely hear things now. But I never heard voices, other than mumbling that sounded like my family in another room. So of course I wondered if I was as sick as others. But my delusions were strong. Meds helped that paranoia and delusional thinking. It’s a spectrum, so we can all experience different symptoms and have potential to experience them all."
175878898,"_NAME_ vet appointment went well on Friday. She's 10 pounds, but she feels much heavier than that. I think it is because _NAME_ has gotten so light because she has lost so much weight with the diabetes. The vet said she is doing well, she's healthy, all her blood work was fine, etc. She got one shot and I had her micro-chipped. I never micro-chipped _NAME_ (they are indoor/outdoor thanks to the doggy doors) but _NAME_ always stayed in the backyard. We have a six foot high block wall, but lately we have found _NAME_ walking on top of the block wall so I am afraid she will go over the wall and get lost or something. So I micro-chipped her. Might as well give her the best shot at getting home, plus it wasn't that expensive. The vet said she was very well behaved. I was like, ""We are talking about _NAME_, right?"" But they said she did good. Miracle!"
175878899,Can you explain this?
175878900,Keep taking the meds. Then you’ll have a consistent personality. Don’t stop / start / stop meds.
175878901,"A different supplement is guarana, but it can exacerbate symptoms. It is in most energy drinks."
175878902,"When unmedicated I had religious/spiritual delusions and hallucinations. Now that I’m medicated my spirituality is not as intense as it was, but it’s still there. With Covid19 there hasn’t been any religious services that I used to attend, but there is one broadcast on TV I’ve been watching. I’m thinking about switching my membership to them, but I’m waiting to see what their position is on LGBTQ people."
174324320,How so? Clozapine cannot be prescribed without regular blood tests…
175878903,I cry randomly at times. I think it’s good because we’re understanding how we feel. It’s when we shut it off that we are denying our feelings and self.
175878904,"Honestly, go to tiktok and search adhd and just scroll. There’s a massive adhd community in tiktok that do educational videos."
175878905,I took a lot of work and heavy doses of antipsychotics. I’m still not as happy as I used to be but I’m functional.
175878906,No I’m ok. I’m just worried about what happens if it stops working. It’s still working.
175878907,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ but I can have visual hallucinations.
175878908,i took it in 2008.side effects terrible.some days better than others.i dont know amuilspride is supposed to act like antidepressant at lower dosages.its still antisycotic though and i still get side effects.
175878909,"Well, I’ve found another benefit from my Geodon and Seroquel."
175878910,"I rarely use my FB and I don’t know how to start a FB petition. _PERSON_ has a Twitter account but I can’t remember my login information. Also _NAME_ hosted a live concert I think it was yesterday. So it’s been done. Multiple artists were involved CNN Everything you need to know about tonight's iHeart 'Living Room Concert for... For all of you who have missed the live performances of your favorite artists because coronavirus has forced concerts to be canceled, don't worry, because tonight, _NAME_ is bringing a star-studded concert right to your living room."
175878911,"It’s the psycho roller coaster. Just give yourself time. A hit can take months to recover from. Be kind to yourself, don’t set a timetable and slowly you’ll be back. Don’t worry we have all the Time in the world."
175878912,"I made an ‘oversight’ once to speak leaf’s language. I, too, am capable of missing things. _AT_MENTION_ you seem cool to me. My hands are tied though, because I think there’s people who know me, know what I’m trying to discuss, and they always bring me back to square one. It doesn’t cause trust."
175878913,What do you mean?
175878914,A nutty cracker.
175878915,No as an opioid
175878916,Right off the bat Dystonic attacks that look like seizures Severe brain zaps Pain all over the body I highly recommend to avoid such a foolish thing of going cold turkey And at the very least reduce slowly but surely and create a functional plan… We are trying to reduce harm here… Trust!!! Your brain is expecting these medicines . Your body and mind will freak out and go into chaotic disarray. You should talk to your doctor about reducing some of them… Maybe reduction sometimes makes the world of difference and one doesn’t really need to get off them completely and are content It’s all benefits vs risk here
175878917,"Yes. Most definitely if not taken correctly or perhaps prescribed due to a wrong diagnosis. If you have them, contact the doctor who prescribed them for you immediately. Good luck."
175878918,"It’s no official trial, but more an individual healing trial, so I get the real drug."
174324330,What’s up _AT_MENTION_ ? You have been more upbeat recently
175878919,only 1. i know it will get worse
175878920,"Sorry, I can’t help any further. I’ve given a school textbook’s answer on the purpose of life."
175878921,So sorry for your loss. May he Rest In Peace.
175878922,You can become godmother or sponsor by donating a small amount of money every month to a child in a third world country via organizations such as UNICEF. That child will definitely remember you and you don’t have to deal with changing diapers or picking up after school or losing sleep when they start going out alone.
175878923,"I think part of it is excitement to move into a townhome. Usually when I'm excited about something I do so much for it. And everything else i have to do not related to my excitement, I put more energy towards. Cuz I feel like ""I have to do this, I don't want to, but oh well, cuz I'm moving into a bigger place soon!!!"""
175878924,Bb I’m so amazed and motivated by you
175878925,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ May it work well for you
174324329,Paranoid Schizophrenia Emotionally unstable Personality Disorder Clinical Depression Raging Alcoholic. You take me as you find me lol. Or you can politely Do One.
175878926,"I wish _NAME_ was more supportive, he says I just say crazy stupid stuff all the time, and he doesn’t want hear it, plus all the noises I make, and gets on me if I don’t keep up the house."
174324322,"I also have mostly pure O (obsessions) OCD with intrusive thoughts and magical thinking. My thoughts literally get stuck in a loop sometimes , and certain words or phrases just repeat incessantly It is pretty maddening to me ."
175878927,"Thanks I need to support her in her time of need, you are right"
175878928,I got my second covid shot today and exercised. Now my husband and I are dropping our 15 year old at her moms place.
175878929,Music sounds extra good today for some reason
174324331,"It was very clear, pretty much watery."
175878930,My friend went off her meds and is currently in the hospital. I don’t know why but I for some reason am missing psychosis. I am recovered and have a full life but I yearn to let it all go. I’m seeing my caseworker next week I’m going to talk to her.
175878931,1-5 are all about reincarnation. Reincarnation scares the crap out of me. But it’s probably not real.
175878932,I hear you. I quit trying and have accepted being alone. Seems like a family curse. Sucks. No one really pays attention to me D :
175878933,Hang in there _AT_MENTION_ hugs
175878934,It looks like a bruise
175878935,"I stopped when a psych nurse told teenage me that I could replace a broken item, or a cut one, but that I couldn’t replace Me. For some reason I’d never thought of myself as irreplaceable and to hear someone say I was special and couldn’t be replaced stuck a chord with me. Never cut again."
175878936,My mother and sis flew in from Europe to NY to come and visit me.
175878937,You lost your heart because you didn’t follow them.I am not following my heart now either
175878938,That is awesome news _AT_MENTION_. I’m sure you’ll do well and kick it out of the park. I loved biology in high school but didn’t have enough entrance level requirements to do a science degree. Go kick some ass.
175878939,I’m bored
174324332,"I will be healed when the doctors and nurses leave me alone To be in a position where I am not allowed to discharge myself, yet there is no court order sanctioning my treatment by them is against my freedom"
174324341,"It is not the best. It tastes like chemicals, but doesn’t last long."
175878940,Only 2000 steps. _PERSON_ low today.
175878941,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175878942,I feel like I’m doing some kind of chemistry experiment when I’m putting all my meds into the weekly box
175878943,"But you haven't been in the hospital for years, right? I don't remember when. I think you're doing well."
175878944,Witches caused me to miscarry and I see demons all around me. ?
175878945,Play chess. Solving tactic puzzles require overthinking.
175878946,Pushing through in a Cadillac Stuck in the middle of traffic Catastrophes waiting to happen Caused a massive roadblock with my semi automatic Sticking out the window of the passenger seat Yelling “Die you ????????????? crackers!” But I’m white so it doesnt even matter Somebody pulled up next to us and babbled something in a different language I paid homage to _PERSON_ and pulled out a machine gun and sprayed bullets till the victims dropped dead in their suburban vehicles Its like Grand Theft Auto where chaos meets problems Either everybody dies or tries to survive in this arena of violence The mess is so ugly it made _PERSON_ look like a _NAME_’s Top Secret Model Our vehicle remained untouched as we rode through our body counts Counting numbers and the cash as it pilled up in our bank accounts Now it’s time for use to evacuate but well be back on a later date to assassinate more people who tried to escape.
174324336,"hey everhopeful i been using buspar (failed anti psychotic) before when i was meds free and working a job it enhanced my dreams a lot and gave me some insomnia have some tabs left but its expensive, its really good for anxiety"
175878948,"You may find that Prozac works a little better for you, here’s hoping."
175878949,"A common hallucination is like the _NAME_ novels like 1984, and Animal Farm."
175878950,"I am off all meds and I don’t feel great, but I don’t feel terrible. I am just wondering if it is worth taking a break from them to see."
175878951,I think almost two weeks without positives. My delusions went away at the same time. It’s been almost two years since my sza started
175878952,Glad you’re feeling better _AT_MENTION_.
175878953,"Not really into meditation, maybe im going make me some coffee and watch netflix. or take a nap."
175878954,""" The top one percent of the usual income distribution holds over $25 trillion in wealth , which exceeds the wealth of the bottom 80 percent . That is more than all the goods and services produced in the U.S. economy in 2018."" If we took all their money and split it equally among the US population, you would get a 1 time check of less than $100,000. I think. It’s a simple calculation, assumption, and model. Some people will always arise and win at the game. I often imagine those ranked players in video games with near impossible scores. Even if they were put at the bottom, they would rise again. I’m really not sure how it would all work. Perhaps put it in a fund, and let it collect interest. Then you could have like 1k a month for 10 years and then your money would run out. But I bet the day they announce such policy, we would have no economy and the stock market would crash to below zero. Not sure what would happen after 10 years. Probably the planet would either get destroyed, civil unrest, 
or totalitarian government with a 10th of the population. It will never happen in this world. I believe every person has equal rights but clearly this is not true when it comes to wealth creation under capitalism. There are people who produce, make things work, make assets, create revenue, and innovate. Some poeple are just better at making money, saving money, and spending less money. What we are talking about is going to lead to a caveman society."
174324334,Oh come on no one else heer appreciate my toilet design ? I thought the great minds here would
175878955,How did he offend you? He was nice to me. What did he say to you?
175878956,"Voices manifested around age 14, didn’t really have a psychotic break till age 20 and that’s when I got diagnosed _PERSON_ was 20 in 2018."
175878957,"I agree with _AT_MENTION_ , it’s common. But you actually still can make people happy. People help uplift the moods of others all the time. It’s not a Sz thing, it a proven thing."
175878958,Listen to _PERSON_
175878959,"Medved, Yes I am taking Proscar to try to reduce the size of my prostate. I wish I had more time as I was told it can take up to a year to reduce my prostate a significant amount. Time is not on my side. Everyday my cancer is progressing and I am rolling the dice waiting. I would prefer Bracytherapy, IMRT or SBRT. I have no desire to go the RP route. You are right as I am at moderate risk I will probably survive. I however doubt I will survive my father in law. lol. I am looking forward to therapy. My spine can and will have to wait. Again I want to thank everyone for their help and concern. My wish is all of you are less anxious and less depressed in your daily lives. I know that is exactly would I would like. dmo"
174324335,My mum knows a surgeon who was schizophrenic in his youth
175878960,"I don’t know your situation, but it is a good chance it is your medicine that makes you depressed. Maybe you should consider changing something in that appartment in agreement with you doc. But first I would try supplementing for mood. Take vitamin D and choose a herb like damiana or muira puama to lift your mood. They should have minimal side effects if any."
175878961,Thanks for pushing this news up the board _AT_MENTION_
175878962,"My brother and his ex wife have a twelve year difference. It obviously didn’t work for them, after eighteen years, but between you and me, she was already coo coo cachoo to begin with. _PERSON_ I do have a friend who has a fourteen years difference with her spouse and it works great for them. It just depends on the couple, of course."
175878963,I feel like a failure too. I dont even seem to blame the illness and just blame myself.
175878964,"I'm gonna watch videos about social media, society and mental health"
175878965,You seem smart to me.
175878966,"I have been using Crest charcoal toothpaste for a week, my parents bought it, I just use what my parents buy lol"
175878967,Sorry your relative bummed your high....
174324337,"I do this too, one person once said you are normal with times of schizophrenia, not the other way around."
175878968,doctors always weigh benfits and risk and go for risk i know this and i get side effects afterthat they dont care alot what will happen if i get side effect becoz i get side effects i wont tell him i have any symptoms i will change my thinking i have no symptoms i am ok
175878969,Fascinating stuff! 1555
174324324,"I second the Saphris comment. It makes you tired, but not a weird type of tired like Seroquel gives."
175878970,The worse I get. Dementia would likely be bliss. I can’t just continue like this. I’m overwhelmingly sad and so very very worn out.
175878971,"I feel good today. I cleaned the kitchen before my mom got home. I wonder if the fish oil and NAC are doing anything for negative symptoms. I'm also taking kratom, low dose phenibut and weed (In the evening). I am bothered by nothing! Taking the Vyvanse as prescribed too."
175878972,did you stop coming here? so sad now.
175878973,"I did. I lost a few kgs in a week or so, and did it for nearly a month. Most of the weight loss is due to glycogen store loss and you put it back on when you start eating normally again, so is pretty pointless."
175878974,Hi I agree that seeing a psychiatrist is a good idea. I have done many medication changes over the years and have had no problems. _PERSON_
175878975,"For me positives get worse, and negatives better"
175878976,I would say psychotic episodes
174324342,"My dad thinks evil spirits were attacking me :((( Man he has some strange unusual ideas. Maybe one day I should ask him what he means by that. This person in my parents church once did a 'spiritual assessment of our family ', he apparently can see spiritual world, and if I remember right, I am weak."
175878977,EVOLUTION is the reason!
175878978,Ouch. Hope you get back on your feet and well soon.
175878979,"The med’s affect different people differently. There have been celebreties who committed suicide when they were on antidepressants. _NAME_ committed suicide when he was on an antidepressant. There have been a couple of others. One of the original hippies, _NAME_, killed himself when he was on an AD. If you think an AD is making you depressed get off of it. Tell your pdoc what is going on, and ask for his help getting off your AD."
175878980,_NAME_ Halen Rush Styxx Foreigners Eagles
175878981,I’m sorry to hear that you went through similar things Komaeda. :(( It’s so powerful on the mind it can have a life long effect if one doesn’t find some very amazing coping mechanisms. Im hoping to turn this around and get something positive out of it. It’s just taken too much of a toll on me otherwise
175878982,My birthday is on Easter this year
174324344,I would love to get away from this place but I have not got enough to do to get away. Sadly this place is my social time atm. In the form of browsing mostly. I guess it’s OK here. To an extent
175878983,I notice I have visual disturbances even on my meds I don’t remember ever having these in the past they’re fairly new ill see spots flying across the room and patches of light
175878984,I ride my bicycle.
175878985,i Still Believe
175878986,Oh yeah one of his common phrases weekly is my brain is going to explode
175878987,I meant heart rate not blood pressure
175878988,"Even if I went back in time my sz wouldn’t be cured, I always had it and was always abnormal."
175878989,"They do it to make people afraid. Fearful people watch the news more and ratings go up. When $hit like this happens the network exec’s have wet dreams over all the advertising money about to pour in. It’s all bull$hit folks, it’s all bull$hit and it’s bad for ya."
175878990,How did you lose 13 pounds in 3 weeks? I would like to do the same.
175878991,that’s good to hear! I love chess! ill pray for more days of normalcy!
175878992,I’m so glad you got checked out and are getting it taken care of. Angina can be a scary thing to experience because people think it is a heart attack.
174324338,"i think it can be both, it is cognitive ofcourse, but can be caused by real physical problems. its stress induced, but stress can come from life events but also from things like infections, undiagnosed illnesses, allergies, etc. which can induce it. So i guess you may be right, it is technically cognitive but can be caused by physiological problems which might call for physiological intervention and not solely cognitive intervention"
175878993,Also I don’t wear deodarant
175878994,"All the docs care about is that you are not a danger to yourself or others. If keeping you as a vegetable is what it takes then it is ok by them. The whole premise of sz is taken from excessive dopamine causes psychosis and they can’t have psychotics hanging around, so these consequences are considered worth it."
175878995,yes totally ! happens when i play around finding the right dose i increased since the too low and stick with that
175878996,"I am sorry. When I went into psychosis, I punched my father and my mother. I slaped my wife and scolded my adopted sister. Now, I hope they can forget what I had done to them."
175878997,Yea my dad is 71 and mum 61 so I guess they are…
175878998,OMG! That sounds incredible!
175878999,I wish if i could leave to place where is beach clean air and modern With caring family
175879000,_AT_MENTION_ that makes me not want to take it. But I will.
175879001,"i see, i will tell the staff since i already told the doc"
175879002,"The logos became the laws of nature a while ago. Whether there is an architect or not things are going to happen by the forecast of science. I´m telling you that you don´t need the devil as an hypothesis to predict the future, by observing the past you can do it without it. Would you understand the model of the universe as blind, unintelligent force?"
175879003,"yes, yes I did.."
175879004,This? What? 666999
175879005,I heard a radiocommercial about people having anxiety and hearing voices. It is part of mental health awareness from some agency. Sounded like familiar selftalk. They said ring the helpline. I did and been told that is my problem i have to deal with. somehow
175879006,Eating food increases feel good chemicals that calms the brain
175879007,"I see, I misunderstood. Hope there is something that can be done _NAME_ improve your situation. I’m actually educated as a healthshop worker, so that’s my angle. I don’t believe in taking drugs unless it is absolutely necessary. I would recommend vitamin D as a anti-depressant."
175879008,Have any of you ever experienced psychosis while already on meds from drinking alcohol? How long did it last?
174324340,I suffered a traumatic event over twenty years ago. I think this was the catalyst for my onset of Schizophrenia. And i have yet to come to terms with it. I still feel I need to take an action to right a wrong.
175879009,What is your source for TSH level being 0.3-3? All websites online say 0.5-4.1.
175879010,"Not to me, however good luck explaining that to a psychiatrist in his 20 minutes slot!"
175879011,You have to take it twice a day with a certain amount of calories.
174324346,"I didn’t have many friends in high school because I was prodromal, but the ones I did have kinda steered clear of me after my symptoms peaked. All but one. She was the best friend I ever had."
175879012,I got some of my art supplies home now. Still have a sore throat. Walked to my old apartment and got soaked in the rain and snow then on the way back got sprayed with water from a car going through a puddle. Plus it was all slushy/icy and hard to walk in. I was going to go to the store but after that I don't feel up to going out again. I came home and took a nap which felt nice.
175879013,You have to go to Walmart school for management. It’s 6 weeks. I was still psychotic then but the lead instructor said I was scary smart and would make store manager in 5 years or less. They make a lot of money. I didn’t make it 8 months.
175879014,I’m so glad you didn’t lose someone
175879015,I got some Naltrexone to start to see if maybe that will help me. Supposedly I’m getting dopamine from picking and the Naltrexone will block the dopamine and after a couple of weeks I won’t want to pick anymore because I won’t be getting the dopamine reward. That’s the hope anyway.
175879016,It rears it’s ugly head from time to time .It makes my lips sore .
175879017,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175879018,I’m behind due to schizophrenia I am in college and i don’t work. I’m still in dating mode. Although I have a job interview tommorow but I aim for women in their 20s because I’m not their yet in terms of marriage and kids.
175879019,"I was addicted to smoking Hookah, and then I found vapes - I vape every day, several times a day - I think there are less chemicals in Vape and less or no carcinogens, but you still inhale the smoke and it goes to your lungs We need some long-term studies on the health effects of vaping"
175879020,The _USER_ID_ post option disappears after a set period of time.
175879021,I’ve showered every day this week. In fact nearly every day for two weeks. I’ve got into te habit now.
175879023,"Yes I have support, and _PERSON_ in the US."
175879024,thanks guys i will try have a good time.
175879025,I may have my psychiatrist prescribe me a blood test and I’ll get my blood taken at the local urgent care. My family doctor is too busy it seems. His office didn’t call me back after I contacted them.
175879026,Also wondering why I gravitate towards sad music. Oh well. Who cares. I just like to feel the music more I guess.
175879027,_PERSON_ I always wonder what is the difference between delusion and paranoia
175879028,Haldol 20 mg daily. Also lexapro max dose for anxiety.
175879029,"My condition was indistinguishable from dementia in the first two years. I had bad memory problems, lost my car in the parking lots many times. I got confused and forgot where I was some times as well. I also lived in an alternate fantasy world with the voices in my head. I thought it was permanent."
174324345,"I don’t need to call him. I know that when something happens, I must take more clozapine"
175879030,side effects are rough so far
174324353,Being right brained and left handed for me. So genetics. Breaking my stress threshold and fear/anxiety
174324343,10mg is the lowest dose but its always better to go high then gradually decrease dosage until symptoms occur.
175879031,"“Ghost Rider, This is _NAME_, _NAME_ calls the ball”."
174324351,If you hear voices in your head you’re almost certainly schizophrenic. Not sure if that’s a symptom for you or not.
174324348,"I was contacted by the illuminati, I don’t belong here either. But people here seem to have the same ideas, that’s why I’m staying?"
175879032,"matrix crossed with solipsism has been with me since first episode and previously one that a person was hiding in my wardrobe waiting to kill me, they watched me through cameras in corners and in paintings. my delusions dont go away when im on meds i still believe them 100% i just dont think about them when im medicated"
175879033,"Blessings For You…, That is All…"
175879034,Vegan is truly the ideal I appreciate too… I give in on a few things not related to the death of an animal. I dont drink dairy yet I miss mozzarella & cheeses… i steer pretty clear mostly… every once in a while i might buy cheese
174324354,"Yes, I am Chinese."
175879035,"Members post their own youtube videos all the time. I don’t recommend it, but some do."
175879036,"I think, that i still have a paranoia, yes… It is a bit better on zyprexa, but i still suffer from it even physically…"
175879037,I used to be on latuda now I’m on perphenazine.
175879038,What in the damnation … Is this like a Halloween toy or something ?
175879039,"Here’s a more recent favourite, _AT_MENTION_ . It’s about the lead singer losing his father."
175879040,I haven’t been doing any typical self care I’ve seemed to let it go to the wayside
175879041,CCTV cameras are everywhere but people are not afraid of them unless they do some illegal things. Same way having hidden cameras itself is not a thing to get afraid of.
175879042,"I need to heal the remainder of my head pressure and SZ symptoms, and my arthritis."
175879043,Thank you. I think it will.
175879044,my dentist told me i have tmj. cant open mouth too wide or itll lock into place. when i got my ad dose increased i got bad jaw pain when eating
175879045,"N e Hoo. I Was Up Almost All Of The Night Basically Playing Music With Headphones. It Came With The Piano. And Anytime I Try To Block Out The Noise From The World, The Headphones Work Very Well. Which, Well…, In All Reality, Is Already Known By The Entire Planet. Also It Keeps The Neighbors From Complaining. Although!, I Have Sang Along To Many Song’s During The Day Here. And Not One Single Person Has Complained. Which Really Gives Alot Of Trust To Those I Live Near. SoO0…, I Respect The Midnight Hours And Keep Quiet. Hmm. . . I’m Weird. That Last Song Posted, Was An Attempt At Something I Never Tried Before. Hope You Gals, Guys, Young Adults, And Aliens Loved It (!!!). If Not…, Well…, I’M SORRY (???). Didn’t DEMI LOVATO Come Up With, ‘SORRY NOT SORRY’?. She’s Cute. Okokok, I Shall Return (!!!)."
175879046,"Well, if it wasn’t for good days, we wouldn’t know how to appreciate our bad days."
175879047,"i had a subtle prodromal phase for about six month, then a sudden full blown psychotic episode"
175879048,I get it every 25 days. Yes we could do it but I also take 3 other antipsychotics. They don’t work. Haldol works
175879049,"It is impossible. It would require both a hitherto unknown form of ‘energy’ enabling communication not seen in any animal, and the biological mechanism that operationalised the said energy. Needless none of these requirements are met."
175879050,A couple of poetry books
175879051,I take my meds like I’m supposed to.
175879052,That’s sounds pretty stressful.
175879053,I take 3mg. They started me on 1.5mg. How are you finding it so far?
175879054,"Please don’t pick on yourself too much. Everyone messes up sometimes, even repeatedly. I know I’ve done it. I’m like _AT_MENTION_ in that my weight fluctuates. Right now, I’m “curvy”, but I’ve been so thin that I was put on an appetite stimulant in the past. So it can vary. Don’t feel so bad. You can make it up. (((spiderpig)))"
175879055,It can present in numerous ways but I’d suspect it’s cut from a similar cloth.
174324356,"I agree, sometimes dead is better But seriously, it really WOULD make things easier if I could lean in to the idea completely. But since my kids were born, I have a need to hang on to the idea that I’m just schizophrenic… for them"
175879056,"Thank you. I kind of feel that way too. Like alright I was bad, so now I can be good from now on."
175879057,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324358,"ScienceDaily Feces and algorithms: Artificial Intelligence to map our intestinal bacteria The intestines and their bacteria are sometimes called our 'second brain', but studying these bacteria in their natural environment is difficult. Now researchers have developed a method that uses artificial intelligence to map intestinal bacteria... Present-day studies focus on the intestinal flora’s role in physical diseases such as diabetes and overweight, while others seek to establish a connection between the intestinal flora and e.g. autism, schizophrenia and depression."
175879058,I used to think a female demon that talked to me in my head and wanted to adopt me gave me a dark aura to protect me.
175879059,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
175879060,"Also, if you have any suggestions on questions I could ask myself that could enable me to create a filter / reason with myself, I would be curious to hear them."
175879061,I need meds to keep my anxiety to manageable levels.
175879062,I managed to play a game on my laptop for 1 1/2 hours today. I am pretty pleased with myself. Looks like it will need to build up more as I just got signed off work for two weeks by the doctor
175879063,"Q: Dr. _PERSON_, I am wanting to change the look of my face I am 20 years old and am very desperate about my appearance. I want to change my facial features like someone else, like maybe a 60% look like that person. I am willing to change my ears and eyes. Is it possible? A: As a general rule, It is not usually possible for anyone to look like someone else regardless of how much plastic surgery they have."
175879064,"my bff's brother had a friend stay here for like 3 days. Started talking **** about me, my bff's brother and his wife and me. Said we didn't watch our children and started saying I half *** things when I clean. started *****ing about the dog and the children. *****_NAME_ about me and said I was stupid."
175879065,Sorry for your loss Unsure. That's terrible news.
175879066,"I go through good and bad periods also, when it comes to nightmares. Sadly, we can never say they are gone for good. Do you have access to a deep breathing or guided meditation exercise you can do when you wake from one?"
175879067,"That was an experience from another dimension. The medication help me to live in this,our, dimension. With the help of the internet i can study my illness more. It’s really confusing for me how can I possibly explain it to someone.I am not keen anymore to proof my sanity. I put my case to rest."
175879068,_AT_MENTION_ I guess that’s an option I guess I’m just getting a lot of anxiety over nothing
175879069,That looks tedious I could never do that
175879070,I miss it. I got a few ideas. Just tired of being lazy.
175879071,depression likes to paint a black cloud over everything in life. Just try and remind yourself that the cloud could one day lift and your mindset can change.
174324350,"because antidepressant can cause genetic change and trigger psychosis. if ur siblings never took them , they may never develop schizophrenia at all. The Scientist Magazine® Antidepressant Exerts Epigenetic Changes Molecular markers could aid researchers’ assessment of patient response to the drug."
175879072,You have a real talent. Keep showing us stuff.
175879073,"Basically, I quit because everybody else did. Give your self a little social boost by doing what everybody else is doing. Do you live alone? Do you live with smokers?"
175879074,"Btw I’m not mad at SP or anyone. I promise. I just need a break. I haven’t been on social media much lately, either. I have so much going on. And I have so many people talking down to me for the various things I’m doing with my life. With the housing thing, and college, and just my books and everything. Some of it is in my head, the lack of self confidence, and I can’t help but feel like a failure to my mom and other people. Sorry to worry you guys. I think I’m fine. Maybe not. The stress is getting to me physically and slightly mentally/emotionally, but I’ve got it under control for now. Thanks!"
175879075,"I want to be a world famous entertainer but I don’t want to do any of the work it takes to be one. Oh yeah, and I have no discernible talent."
175879076,"yup, I'm totally compliant"
175879077,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879078,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_. I would like to believe that someday…"
175879079,I owned a beat up one of these years ago. I miss the car bmw-m3-e30-stage-teaser-XL1680×756 244 KB
175879080,Is he a normie? Tell him we rarely leave normies for sz.
175879081,People have been very interested in this new and hoping progressive treatment. HT.
175879082,Hi Folks How you all doing? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175879083,I have Netflix. I’m watching vampire diaries. Haven’t seen kobra _NAME_.
175879084,"I take bupropion which is an anti addictive but also used for people with ADD and depression. It does make some people psychotic, but for me it doesn’t and it helps."
175879085,"Who said this, did you see him in real? Is it not a hallucination? Use a camera and record it next time to make sure its real."
175879086,"I am curious about others who started off with severe anxiety which led to Bipolar diagnosis. I don't see much about this, maybe sometime we don't recognize the extent of our disorder Thanks"
175879087,"Undermine her by hording all her cats first. Opps, sorry for saying that I just realized the Sun is going down and the pillbox is calling me again."
175879088,Hey _AT_MENTION_ I am going to ask my doc if I can go back up
175879089,"I will be a double agent from now on. studying and observing, but never converting."
175879090,Welcome _AT_MENTION_! Hope you find it helpful here.
175879091,Sweet. Those are lifestyle changes. Your chances of keeping the weight off increases as your lifesstlyle becomes more healthy. I’ve kept off 70 pounds for the last 4 years because I exercise and eat healthier. GL
175879092,"_AT_MENTION_ Wow, under 157! That’s so good for you! Congrats! _AT_MENTION_ Another 3 pounds down is awesome! YAY! _AT_MENTION_ You can do it! Losing slowly is the right way to keep it off! _AT_MENTION_ You will start going down again as long as you stay on track with your eating. Don’t worry too much!"
175879093,I also have the _NAME_ syndrome. I don’t know why or how I developed it
175879094,"I am a citalopram user for many years. It seems as if each person's first few weeks/sometimes months is a difficult adjustment. After that initial adjustment period the side effects settle down or disappear. Keep in touch with your doctor to manage side effects. Personally, I like to start low and go slow to allow a smoother adjustment when starting a new medication. I now take the maximum dose of 40 mg daily with no problems and my generalized anxiety is much improved."
175879095,"Dreams in which I’ve been blinded, usually in violent manners. Those suck Never in real life, that would be scary. Sorry to say I’d rather be blind than deaf, I wouldn’t want to be alone with only the voices to hear. PS: I did have an infected eyebrow ring that swole up and I woke up unable to see out of my left eye, confused me for a few seconds. Took the ring out and squeezed all the ickiness out"
175879096,"Hmm. . . One Wish?. What A Question. One Wish. One Dream. One Hope. One Type Of Peace?. A Magician, A Mystic?. A _NAME_ In A Bottle?. If The Fates Allowed Me To Ask For One Thing. Like You Have, _AT_MENTION_. It Would Be To Spend Eternity With The One I Love. To Start A Family. And Live The Original American Dream. With Some Added Bonus Points. Like Technology. And Maybe Even A Pup And Kit Kit. No…, Not Kit From The Olde Show ‘Knight Rider’. Although That One Grabbed Me (By) The Horns When I Was A Youthful Monster. RARGH (!!!). Jus Kidding. I’m Not A Monster. Thank You For Reading My Post. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175879097,"I’ve definitely had some of that. When I was out meeting a friend for a film, two men probably similar age to me (late 20s) kept trying to insult me. I just pretended I didn’t hear them, but they got really loud and aggressive. I did absolutely nothing to the trigger such a response but walk past them. Sometimes I think because I’m tall I’m a target. But then, Im just giving them excuses. I think bullies don’t get rebuked enough, and don’t have the mental capacity to they are doing is harmful to others. Try not to take it too personally, some people are just dicks."
175879098,I have Medicare. Do you know if Medicare covers an aid?
175879099,"I know how it feels, I was unmedicated for nearly 2 years and extremely paranoid."
175879100,"I’m not sure if you can say I’m lucky here, but I don’t think it’s possible to make my voices/delusions any more scary."
175879101,"No, and they won’t care. And they’ll tell my mom who in turn will yell at me. Plus, I don’t have a medical team. I have a psychologist/psychiatrist who just talks to me for 15 minutes."
175879102,The reason you need to smoke weed is you don’t have good enough coping mechanisms. I’m not judging you for smoking it. I just think it would be good for you to try to branch out and work on some new coping skills.
174324362,"I’m on invega sustenna and I feel the same way, trying to get off it now."
175879103,"Didn’t have a favorite, but I was a huge fan."
175879104,No worries. I don’t mind talking about it.
175879105,"I understand why euthanasia could become a problem topic when people are coming here looking for hope. I personally don’t want to ban it but I’m leaning towards just recommending people to be conscientious about it, because banning and stuff is very strict and I know people want to touch on stuff like this if briefly. Just like how we recommend pro medicine stances here and such I think it should just be encouraged to keep that topic very brief or remind people to keep hopes up."
175879106,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !
174324372,REALLY happy for you _AT_MENTION_ !!!
175879107,PHP went well. Rain from that tropical storm has gotten here so I'm gonna be rained in all weekend.
174324371,I think the negative effect of APs on intelligence may be dose dependent .
175879108,"When I’m psychotic, I can only think in the present."
175879109,Is that CBD weed? Its the name of a type of weed lol
174324369,"I agree. I say “person with sz”. I never say schizophrenic. The same way i say “person with obesity” i don’t usually say “the obese”. The same way i say “person with depression” not “the depressive” and so on… the Person is not the illness. In the other hand, i have to confess that “a person with diabetes” i say “diabetic”… anyway, in society “schizophrenic” is an agressive form of call someone. We can’t deny that. But it doesn’t bother me. I’m just saying i prefer the other way of saying it"
174324377,Clozapine might make you stable enough so you can manage to get your blood draws with ease.
175879110,"Welcome to the forum. What a cute user name. Maybe your mother saw the movie The Exorcist in which the girl gets very violent and then snaps out of it like it never happened. That movie came out years and years ago, like 1973."
174324382,Lol thats funny !!
175879111,Did your parents have sz?
175879112,It’s an amazing piece off art. You’re very talented.
175879113,Sometimes I feel suicidal too but suicide is horrible for your family and alot of the times suicide doesn’t work and leaves you worse off than before
175879114,oh this sounds like just the thing for you !! so happy !!
175879115,_AT_MENTION_. _AT_MENTION_ many many other people have been trying to help her for a while now… Why try anymore when she don’t want the help people she don’t do as we say we’ve been talking to her for days… I’m all for helping people that want help but she don’t… We’ve been trying for days
175879116,I put the green kitty paws on my switch. Matches.
175879117,Each case is different …
174324376,"I dont know…id like to think id have a simple life with my ex, my son, his daughter. Some friends. Good contact with my family. In reality though…i think i was kind of messed up, reckless and with attachment issues before sz…i think i would have continued numbing emotions with reckless behaviour and adventure until i crashed in some other way. Perhaps im much more accepting of a normal life now and content with basic stuff instead of wild travels, onenightstands and dangerous sports."
175879118,there’s other meds and td meds out there. It ain’t a perfect world.
175879119,"NDEs are pretty consistent and reassuring. There’s a great _NAME_ Talk about it by _NAME_ which I always listen to when I’m sad or scared of death. From life to death, beyond and back | _NAME_ | TEDxTUHHSalon"
175879120,Death basically.
175879121,"_NAME_- I have tried singulair and it messes with my other meds, that is a reason that I cannot take many meds. I hate it but my mental health has to be stable so I have to sacrifice some physical health things. I am actually feeling a lot better today. I have slept more today than in the past 2 days. Thank you. I hope all is well with your little family."
175879122,"I found “Revelation 17” written on the back. I looked up the verses and it’s about “the whore of Babylon”. Mystery solved, I was going through a weird religious phase."
175879123,"I sometimes question the same things myself I like to think that even if I’m in a world of their creation, that I would be remedying their lives and making life better as we go."
175879124,Hi Mindfulness takes a while to master but is really worth the effort as imo it is the best thing you can do to reduce and manage anxiety so stick with it. _PERSON_
175879125,3 1/2 days no weed what’s bothering me the most?? My sore lungs. It’s my fault but your lungs are trying to be telling you they had enough all that time you’re smoking/vaping. But they’re not able to talk to you until you actually quit. This is for heavy cannabis smokers mostly. I don’t smoke much nicotine anymore. Gosh if I ever go back I’ll stick with edibles maybe
175879126,"I really struggle to focus on things. I need to keep myself occupied, but I cannot seem to be able to game, watch films or use my puzzles. I have the tools to do more, but I seem stuck and unable to do these great things I have access too. I need to do more and be healthier as laying in bed all day and smoking is not helping me. Please can you give your advice on how you find the energy and drive to do more as I am at a loss?"
175879127,"I would stay away from psychedelics. I remember experimenting with them back in the early 70's when I was going to college. I was taking psychology 1A and remember reading about the symptoms of psychosis just that week in the text book. One night I was really tripping on LSD and thinking at that time, this must be what it is like to be psychotic. There is a thing called temporal lobe lability which varies between individuals. Most people with psychosis are on the high end."
175879128,"feels like something bad is gonna get me. Its been happening everyday. I know im going, nothing i can do. Maybe i need someone to pray for me. I dont know if that will help…"
175879129,"I think I did better when my fix was a cigarette. The problem was it was addictive and expensive and, later, socially frowned upon. _PERSON_."
175879130,"Yes, right, we can still come back to the antifreeze later"
175879131,"Violating causation, I ain’t doing it on purpose, it’s part of my disease, it’s how I roll, I got the lamborghini, no one to share it, I’m quite lonely, biiitch please."
175879132,glad to hear you got out fine =/ Sounds really scary!
175879133,Hope there’s no more. You been stressed?
175879134,i’d take a holiday for the rest of my life
175879135,I went out to a market with my mom. Like a health foods store and I seriously thought I was gonna faint. I even had a sharp pain in my chest for a second. It's because I'm so fckn hot. I cant be in the heat with my meds. So everyone be careful out there. Its 100 here.
175879136,Have you ever had the ‘Are we part of an alien’s dream?’ thought?
175879138,"Depends on whether it is a paranoid or grandiose kind of psychosis, or anything in between. Grandiose, or otherwise positive, delusions make you feel better, even great. This is often associated with classic (euphoric) mania. Paranoid psychosis feels scary, when you believe people (or aliens, etc.) are after you. This is more associated with a mixed mania/dysphoric state. You can also have psychosis in the absence of a mood episode. There does not even have to be any obvious trigger, but eg. drugs or stress can be. There are different kinds of psychosis also in terms of diagnosis; schizophrenia is the most chronic, and comes with non-psychotic symptoms that are often worse than the psychosis itself. -_NAME_."
174324379,yes there is a greater purpose no there isn’t a greater purpose 0 voters
175879139,"I have changed meds a lot. Some worked better than others, but the main problem for me was side effects as I have to be on reasonable doses for them to do anything. I am currently on Amisulpride, and it has kept me stable. I was on Latuda as well, but that didn’t work properly and I had to come off it."
175879140,can we prove the wrong? 11:11
175879141,I mean streaming isn’t just games and fun. Imagine some audience watching you and you failing miserably. That’s stressful. If you say some radical stuff you can be banned from streaming site. My experience tells me that just by working an ordinary job pays and feels good
175879142,"I was at the farmer’s market and they had Lion’s mane mushrooms! The real deal! They were only $3 so I decided to get them. I used them as a substitute for my favorite shrimp _NAME_ recipe. They taste pretty good. Kind of like a mix between crab and mushrooms, but with a texture that is hard to get used to. Very spongey. 09132017554032×3024 3.29 MB"
175879143,I dont wanna be dishonest thats why im skipping therapy
175879144,"I have a 4 year old with ADHD and I have a hard time dealing with her energy. Usually when she wants to play that her animals are licking my face. I have PTSD from abusive relationships and get triggered when things are in my face, so it’s makes it really hard for me. Finding a way to tell her to stop without freaking out is really hard for me. Sometimes I’m better than others."
175879145,This board makes me paranoid but I continue to post and share stuff that others probably wouldn’t share. I’m like addicted to sharing a bit. Its therapeutic for me I think of bad consequences but I try to rise above the paranoia and maybe I have a bit of pronoia too.
175879146,Its nice! I am not good at drawing and painting.
175879147,"And now all those memories will be lost in time, like tears in the rain. (Blade runner movie)"
175879148,"For me, they didn’t work for 33 years. Five years ago, my excellent pdoc decided to put me on 3 AP’s and that worked. I suspect that he was one of the first pdoc’s to do it (use 3 AP’s together that is)."
175879149,I want to be blessed or christened
175879150,Whats the situation?
175879151,I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression and prescribed an anti depressant at the beginning of 19 years old. They prescribed me Wellbutrin but I refused to take it. At 19 1/2 I took lsd and had a bad trip it triggered psychotic behavior. Move forward to 19 and 11 months I decided to take the Wellbutrin and it almost sent me to the hospital because the Wellbutrin made the psychosis worse. At around my 20th birthday I took risperdal which made me EVEN WORSE. Then a month later I was put in the hospital and finally they stabilized me with like 3 antipsychotics
175879152,"That’s my fear as well, but I need to know if I can live without APs."
175879153,Hi Mark. I'm getting familiar with this site also.
175879154,your health will be depleted within 5 years
175879155,yeah i used to eat a lot of beets. i’ve seen the supplement sold…im also interested in taking some.
175879156,"Maybe writing your prayer on paper will help.You address to God (as you are religious) and write your fears,emotions,and prayers.That used to help me when I’m in bad mood.It will pass soon.I’ve got full notebook of it.Hope you feel better soon."
175879157,Sorry for your loss Unsure
175879158,"No, I told him I am afraid of it and he didn’t mention it. I mentioned it first, telling him that I am treatment resistant"
175879159,Have you ever heard of holistic recovery? It applies to the whole person and is multifaceted. It constitutes many modalities and areas of study.
175879160,I’ve had thoughts that seemed disconnected from my conscious stream of though. I can sorta feel a different orientation in how my head feels when they happen and I try to focus on remaining calm.
175879161,Personally I’ve never had nightmares on Latuda.
174324385,http://schizophrenia.com/?p=692
175879162,"She recommends: Mucinex D (It's behind the counter, but you just need to show a license), with Robitsusin DM."
175879163,It came with a little booklet with chords and a few songs it's going to be a fun hobby
175879164,The one hospital I went was super boring and got worse each time. The second o e was a little better with more books and lots of activities and groups.
175879165,"Let us know how it goes if you take it before your pdoc apt, I’m interested in taking it and would have to ask my pdoc bc I don’t like taking something that has all this hype online then it turns into a dudd"
174324381,"I’m still recovering. A lot of times it was one step forward and two steps back. But a turning point was when I was in my mid forties and the intensity of my symptoms started lessening and some pesky delusions went away. Since then, I’ve gained peace of mind and my thoughts often slow down. And I can relax. Just those things have improved my quality of life."
175879166,cowboy.jpg 1263×1211 174 KB I did this five days ago on my computer. It’s free hand using an app called sketchable. I didnt buy the whole subscription. So all I used was the paint brush feature (tool: Microsoft surface pen). I’m not good at faces at all. I tried making him look a little rugged lol.
175879167,both. the metabolism is the most extreme of it tho. i definitely eat more on aps but not enough to warrant doubling my body weight without some type of effect on metabolism
175879168,"While I was writing Mittwoch, the opera I listen to said Mittwoch"
174324389,_PERSON_ when they lowered dose for me cognition improved.
174324384,"i went on clozaril in january 2011 and put on about 6 stone at my heavist i was 19 and a half stone, with a good diet and exercise i lost 5 stone , i amnow 14 and a half stone, so it can be done"
175879169,You can also block the blue light on your phone.most smart phones have that ability.
174324388,If Caplyta is a partial dopamine agonist I’m really going to stay away from it.
175879170,That’s not a very high dose. I take 234 mg a month and I feel better now than I did on 156.
175879171,yea it’s prob paranoia indeed =/
175879173,"yeah, and yet we are always the one's that are messed up. i have the same issue with christians. they want you to respect their beliefs to the point of feeling horrible for not joining when they ask. yet if i were to talk about my beliefs they'd probably call me names and tell me i'm going to burn in hell. so unbalanced. i get more frustrated because i try to be polite and it generally bites me in the ass. which means i need to retreat from others more to avoid the situation again. i guess that's fine though. i mean, it's a little infuriating but it's not just others that make me retreat. i had to retreat because i ask too much too. to the point of toxicity. ironic."
174324390,I am on risperdal now because I don’t have any side effects from it. Vraylar is not available in Canada. Do you have less negative symptoms on Vraylar vs risperdal?
175879174,I had my morning cup of Folgers coffee earlier. I might make another cup a little later.
175879175,I'm told this is a thing. Is anyone familiar?
175879176,What kinds of things do you like doing at home? Do you have a pet? I worry about the virus too & even more so as things are reopening but many people aren’t social distancing or wearing masks.
175879177,Lamotrigine only useful for mania and hypomania states of bipolar as its basically an anti seizure medication and seizure is high electrical activity in brain which can cause mania in some.
175879178,"Yes, the Seroquel I take at night gives me akathisia when I’m in bed. I take benzotropine (Cogentin), and within 30 minutes the akathisia is gone."
175879179,"Why am I a coeliac and my brothers aren’t? Genetics play a massive role, but trauma is significant too when it comes to sz. The straw that broke the camel’s back."
175879180,i want to get a full year membership at planet fitness since its the closest to me. what gyms do you guys go to. im a pay around 200$ per year
175879181,You kind of freaked me out with the enthusiasm.
175879182,Thanks. I will google that.
175879183,Liars get their ‘jollies’ to it and like fooling people… Most the time they have some embarrassing habit they are covering up
175879184,I can show you my blog if you like?
175879185,"I started to snore after gaining a lot of weight. I snore less now because I lost some weight. However, my weight is increasing again so am back to snoring loudly again."
175879186,qp|| We Are Aliens To The Aliens Travelling Far From Home As We Display In Our Own. |||+|||
175879187,"I’m tired of breathing. I’m tired of living. I’m tired of trying. I’m tired of life. Maybe it’s learned helplessness, But I would like to stop trying; I would like to stop vocalizing my pain. I would like to stay silent, Absolutely still, And not make a sound. I want to make a hut, And stay away- far away. I want to stay in dreadful silence. I’m tired of speaking, And I don’t want to try. I’m tired, I’m tired, I’m tired. _NAME_-2Ts5HnA67k8-unsplash5092×3395 2.77 MB"
175879188,I think that’s reasonable. Hopefully if you show you will stay med compliant and act reliably they will not keep you on the injection and will allow you to switch to back to pills eventually.
175879189,Glad it works for her!
175879190,"You might be like me, still running from your father even though he is gone. My mother was passive, no divorce ever happened to them. I wish it had."
175879191,"I felt like that when I stopped meds. I had a voice tell me that every move and every step I make is recorded and is against me, bad consequences. I became catatonic because of this and I was in another country, Germany. I went there bcz I thought I am the next _PERSON_. I was completely frozen no motion for minutes. Once I was frozen with a knife in my right hand thinking about stabbing myself."
175879192,It takes risperidone 4-6weeks to work usually but it worked for me in 2 weeks and 4 days
175879193,Yes. He’s Syrian and I’m in love with him!! I’m not telling him that though. He’s the kindest person
175879194,Hope this helps you out.
175879195,How much is 117mg injection in pill form for invega?
175879196,But I knew what I didn’t want. I didn’t want the way my life was going.
175879197,That’s incredible _AT_MENTION_
175879198,They say it’s 18 months away but then some people say it’s a year away so I dono who to believe. It’s gonna be a long 18 months though and hard on my family
175879199,Well you’re the oldest female then. I think _AT_MENTION_ is younger than you though.
175879200,I’m swinging between feeling good to feeling low. My heart is so heavy right now
175879201,"I thought I could go back to flexible working but my aunt is not my manager anymore as you cannot report to family members. She approved it previously and it was fine, but now my new manager expects me to talk about my issues in a formal meeting with HR. I cannot do this. I am not talking to this idiot about my mental health problems as it is deeply personal and none of his business. I am not comfortable talking to this guy as he is not nice or pleasant and he will treat me badly if he knew I had SZ. I am not sure what to do about this. I might have to see if I can get shift work elsewhere as I cannot cope working five days a week. At the very least I am lowering the bar for going off sick, and will not work extra hours anymore."
175879202,"Yeah man I had covid too, it was not as bad as most people say it is, at least for me – I was only symptomatic for about 4 days"
175879203,Paramahansa is the enlightened person. It literally means supreme swan
175879204,Well I signed up with the VA. Classes start on November 2nd. I thought they started last night but I guess that was the deadline to sign up. They are going to ship me a new computer to for classes. I already have a computer. Guess I will have a spare. This is going to be tough.
175879205,"I need to get rid of this fear, it’s always on my mind."
175879206,Like another AP? I don’t like them
175879207,"Sorry, I don’t know who you are addressing with that last reply. My name, not just my screen name, is Mr. _PERSON_. We can keep it masked and anonymous if you like so you and I can address everyone reading, but only if that is your preference."
175879208,Will be watching and rooting for the Chiefs. Would like to see _NAME_ win one and I think Chiefs have the edge in offence. Let the best team win and hope it’s a good game.
175879209,Laundromat tomorrow. Psychiatrist and therapist Thursday. Weekend will be spent cleaning and getting rid of crap I don't need anymore to slim down on the stuff I have to bring with me when I move My sister is giving me some wireless earbuds so I'm excited about that. Just relaxing and watching Halloween (2018). Hope everyone is doing okay
175879210,Fun haul! But I'm sorry you wasted bus fare.
175879211,"I have so many plushes from pokemon center, it's not even funny. I think like 30 maybe? Possibly more. I have a whole temporary ""bookshelf"" of them. Then I have some non-pokemon plushes as well (e.g., _NAME_ BOTW ones and some Squishables)."
175879212,"I have some difficulty with conversations. I’ll start off on a topic, and halfway through i’ve forgotten a word that is crucial to the whole sentence. It really drives me mad! Sometimes i feel as though i’m losing my cognition."
175879213,Profanity should be allowed since it’s mostly adults on here.
175879214,"Yeah I’ve had that before , its definitely just as good I’m probably just going for the non alcoholic creamer for cofffee, as much as I love baileys I try to avoid alcohol with all the meds I’m on now"
175879215,"Music is my favorite thing in the world, composing it, playing/singing it, or just listening to it."
175879216,I’m going to sign the papers to officially quit my job on Monday. Am going to focus on an online master.
175879217,"A break would be good,a few days and she will think it’s a misunderstanding…she is sick,when she get better ask her out for alone time"
175879218,i think the energy in the brain used in a psychotic episode is on par to a genius coming up with unique ideas yeah???
175879219,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879220,"I’d adjust your expectations I once thought I could come off meds after recovering somewhat again and again Stuck my hands in that fire too many times, and with regret"
175879221,You are so talented. This is amazing!
175879222,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879223,Pioneer woman is making honeydew spritzers...looks so good
175879224,Sorry your having problems _NAME_. I too have been rejected by people. Maybe try a mental illness support group like _USER_ID_. If you get to know the people maybe ask them if they would like to hang out sometime.
175879225,"It’s a good question. I don’t know. Probably not. But if tactile hallucinating is strong enough, etc maybe the stress can reduce lifespan. Stress is a killer But if one can manage the stress it’s cool"
175879226,I get all sweaty and break out in hives when I have to phone for a pizza!
175879227,Just another day to me. Ill be in bed between 5-6pm and up at 5am as usual. Tho only thing that will piss me off is the fireworks that go off at the pier. The amount of drunks that fell down the street from the night club last night was astounding - screaming their bloody heads off. Im so glad i dont drink anymore - I get to laugh at other peoples drunken antics now - if it wasnt so pathetic it would be slightly entertaining.
175879228,Just wanted you to know I’m listening. His birthday is a special day and it’s hard you won’t be with him to share it. I can see why that’s tough. What are you making him? Focus on that since it makes you feel good.
175879229,Do you think I should tell my pdoc that I’m thinking the same thing?
175879230,I’m listening to music to help its blocking some but after feeling a gremlin brush against my ankle I called the med clinic nurse and texted my case manager
175879231,What was it?
175879232,I hope it helps you like before. It didn’t help me.
175879233,"I don’t know the situation, but it seems likely your appraisel leaves stuff out."
174324393,check it out. it’s called The Spill.
175879234,"I think as humans we are born to connect dots. It’s how we pick up language…social cues…etc. With our affliction however, we can get into trouble when we start randomly making connections that don’t belong together. Eventually we end up responding to our own echo. I call it action/ reaction. You make an action…expect a certain result, but when it doesn’t transpire…you force circles into squares to attain your desired result. At least this is what I went through while psychotic. It was akin to doing the London Times Cryptic Crossword Puzzle 24/7…never getting the correct answer…then waking up the next day and doing it all over again. It was completely exhausting."
175879235,"Great, youll find place to stay. Just take baby steps, dont rush things."
175879236,We always take my car cuz it’s never been beat. I get around.
175879237,"Psychosis doesn’t necessarily mean wandering the streets in your bathrobe while ranting incoherently about the illuminaty. Psychosis is a mix of psychotic symptoms. Delusions, paranoia, and lack of insight are psychotic symptoms, and you definitely had those"
175879238,Slept for a good four hours now deep sleep no dreams. Feeling fine thank you guys.
175879239,"The fact is mental disease is not that much worse. Actually what makes it worse is the side effects of certain medications which is used to manage it. Some have less side effects while some more. Its best to choose medications which have least side effects and manage rest of mental issues with therapy or some other non medication approach. Anticholinergic have many side effects especially memory issues, eye problems like blurred vision etc. If you can manage the TD issue without using these then it will be a better approach as getting Alzheimer like symptoms, blindness is much worser than TD. If experiencing serious side effects like eye problems quickly mention to your pdoc as eye problems like blurred vision is much worse than mental issues."
175879240,Its risperdal/risperidone.
175879241,Good to have you on the forum.
174324395,"As far as I can tell, there is no immediate or obvious difference. However, the antipsychotics may be keeping mania at bay, and if I don’t get manic (whether endogenously or in response to a drug), then I am not prone to develop those funny ideas (whether or not they qualify as delusions, they are at least a step on the way). When manic, I am also more prone to do stupid things, like vandalise my apartment or waste a lot of my money (and I’m not rich). -A."
175879242,I think she will judge bc I’m only 16 too and shouldn’t be on these type of meds… How likely is it that I will get out of the foster home before I turn 18 btw
175879243,Mine is probably: Because I’m a basket case
174324398,"Macadamia nuts. Kabanossi line pork sausages, very dense in fats and protein, they also got no carb fillers. Salami sausages. Cheese and cheddar. Heavy whipped cream as fat bomb. Chorizo line pork sausages. Sardines in _NAME_ oil. Some deli counters often serves cooked eggs and good fatty pork cuts. Prepping Keto/Carnivore food can be hard especially for heavy depressed person, but it’s so much worth it."
175879244,This is what I continue to experience after 6 years… You’re not alone!
175879245,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879246,"Anxiety isn’t about being lonely, my friend who has social anxiety has lots of friends but no gf. He stresses too much with girls. He takes Citalopram."
175879247,I hate the injections
175879248,"Forum members keep changing their names, avatars and tag lines! It’s hard to keep up. I’m easily losing track of who is who."
175879249,And before the suggestion of injection I was taking 15mg risperidone and had tardive dyskinesia
175879250,Prose. Memes and Rewinds sometimes logic fails to find a home to so many people life has come we clench the wheels of our memories waiting for God's apology or maybe...
175879251,i’m getting depressed
175879252,I can’t remember the last time I made my bed. Every now and then I turn the quilt over for being upside down but even that takes me a few days. I have to get dressed for work though. When I work from home next year I might stop doing that too though.
174324400,Forcing yourself until you establish a routine.
175879253,Sounds like a delusion or hallucination.
175879254,Taking a bath.
175879255,"Money is important to decide what activity we want to do in other words where we want to invest this money. If this activity is beneficial for the community, you’ll earn more money etc… Interesting system in my opinion, but hopefully everyone can join the game…"
175879256,"In 1969, I turned 20 in a mental hospital. A beautiful red head wanted to be my girlfriend. I was immature for my age."
175879257,Im feeling stress about a busier schedule just lately… _NAME_ go and put care packages out for the homeless homies.
175879258,Since I have started zoloft my anxiety is less. I can’t take benzos because I overuse it.
175879259,"I say this with the utmost respect, I really do, but I think my mom should’ve been cast in The _PERSON_ movie."
175879260,"i will definitely give it a try, thank you so much"
175879261,So my eye exam went well. I found I have 20/80 vision and actually legally can’t drive with that eyesight. So I will get a pair of glasses. Otherwise my eyes are fine and healthy.
175879262,I’ll probably hang myself if I have the physical ability to do so. I’m tired of hating myself and I’m tired of being alone. It makes me sad that my physical disability won’t allow me to do anything to kill myself. I’m tired of living.
174324402,"I know there’s plenty of theories to sort through, but what do you think is the root cause? Seems like almost all of us come from a broken home of some sort, and similar stories. My theory is that stress reopens childhood wounds, which kind of causes a PTSD like episode, considering there’s a lot of parallels between the two illnesses, what do you think? I’m no doctor, this is just a personal opinion, with no evidence, but seems like most mental illnesses are related to childhood trauma."
175879263,"Horrible, but funny."
174324407,You mean it helps but the effect goes away after a few weeks?
175879264,"Doing stock work ain’t bad. Working in a warehouse ain’t bad either. Restaurant work doesn’t bother me (but not fast food). I worked at what they called “assembly”. It was basically doing mailing projects. Collating, putting stamps on envelopes, etc. I would recommend scouting out your area and seeing if there’s vocational programs near you. A great way to get back into work. Or employment agencies for the disabled, I’ve used them a few times."
174324405,I accept the use of antipsychotics in real schizophrenia or psychosis - Mine are overvalued ideas because my beliefs could be changed by evidence
175879265,A few different manga series
175879266,"people used to compliment me. I thought I was smart enough to go to college but am starting to wish I would have just gone to trade school. playing sports did me no favors, I put all of my time and energy into sports and never hit the books. I would go to class and pay attention but never did more than that. college isn’t so bad I guess. I could go back and finish, but it would be tough to write all those papers. I don’t like writing papers. most of my family went into the trades and did well. they weren’t as focused on sports I don’t think. I have a cousin who is an engineer for boeing. im not sure what im going to do now, maybe just work in a restaurant part time for 45 months before deciding my next move. I had some friends that went into trades and their employers would pay for their classes, while they apprenticed, wouldn’t have been a bad way to go. I may still go to trade school, but not sure. at the moment im leaning towards luthier school. im thinking I would still work part time 
and then come home to a workshop where I would build guitars and mandolins. it’s just a thought at the moment, who knows."
175879267,"_AT_MENTION_: _PERSON_ is feeling festive, would like a _PERSON_ hat. Can you do a mask too? Please take care not to messy the hair and stache."
175879268,"Doing blood tests is not self medicating, we are just knowing our levels. For example thyroid, vitamin d and b12. Not doing blood tests is actually the harmful thing as low level of these can bring various complications. Low vitamin d is deadly as it reduces immunity especially in these corona time. Low b12 even causes dementia. Low thyroid is linked to high cholesterol due to poor metabolism which ultimately affect heart health. I suggest all to mention their concerns to doctor and ask them to do routine blood tests for these basic things like thyroid, vitamin d and b12 just like most test for blood sugar, cholesterol levels as these not give any kind of symptoms and only routine blood tests can reveal it."
175879269,"probably not being psychotic lol idk how anyone would get a kick out of it, i have been trying for years to get better, i hope i can kick this thing to the kerb, its some sort of evil ???? in my head that needs to be expelled, is not something for me to feel proud of, sorry. I can see if you are completely cured how it would be nice to say ‘i overcame sz’ but the sz itself is a living nightmare for a lot of people, not trying to bring anyone down but i am not going to celebrate my sz"
175879270,"I find work extremely helpful for depression, because it gives my life structure. If you think you can handle it and your doctor agrees, I say go for it."
175879271,"If my heart stops I will be pulled out of the matrix and I’m just not ready to do that and live in a bleak, dystopian world. The cord is attached directly to my heart and spinal cord. And when I get that headache from, in the back of my neck, it’s because in the matrix I am being pumped something into my body. Idk, maybe like new blood or maybe they are pumping out something like blood and that could be why I am being harvested blood, because I am one of a kind."
175879272,Egg sandwich and a salad
175879273,You mean permanently hospitalized? I never heard of lifetime hospitalization.
175879274,"That was a head slapper, Skunky lol"
174324413,"Why do you figure that he had to know you were leaving early in the morning? You must surely have met other people you know when you were out and about perhaps shopping for groceries, or doing other things in the common spaces where other people also go He could have been up at that time for a myriad of reasons Like I mentioned in another reply to you, the fact that you believe something as bonkers as reading thoughts to be a possible explanation for something further confirms your schizophrenia diagnosis. It’s a delusion"
175879275,Well they don’t have nukes or aircraft carriers so I’m not sure that any of the fighting will end up here unless someone big allies with them which they might I mean considering what happened....
175879276,Do you listen to the voices
175879277,"How to summarize… Hmm, I have ideas of messengership and grandiosity delusions which state that my coincidences are signs of only one true deity who chose me to be apostle of true monotheism to entire mankind, especially those who believe in one God, but also believe in eternal torment, possibility of torture after death (for example in purgatory) or annihilation. There is the idea that my excessive coincidences are miracles of God which are signs confirming my “messengership” . In “natural” for my mentality religion after death will be pretty always better than before it, even if you are worst atheist, polytheist, idolater, liar, thief, murder, rapist, brute, sadist, coward etc. In that religion every sin is not punished by serious suffering or destroying of consciousness (soul). I can have also other “apostleship” “delusions”, for example saying that I will be a Catholic saint (Catholicism is dominating religion in my country, one of person from my class in high school (Polish: 
“szko?a ?rednia”, in my case more precisely “liceum”) said something like “he (it was I) will surely, certainly, likely (Polish: pewnie) become a saint”) or I will be the man who bring true Islamic faith to entire world, especially believers of abrahamic religions (I had many mysterious coincidences associated with numbers having connotations to Muslim scripture, Quran). Last time I had large coincidences with Big Hole and Giant Egg. They were encounters in certain Russia-made computer game, which contains many morally dangerous stuff (like other games which are very similar to it). 14.10.2018 I saw a film with Big Hole encounter first time. The hole was the reference to anus of alien nitrogen-based lifeform which was defeated by administering selenium-containing shampoo to anal opening in the movie “Evolution” with _NAME_ (who played Dr _NAME_) from 2001. Before 14.10.2018 I have fantasies about special encounter named “Wielka D&%a” (“Big A&%”) in very similar game. “D**” in recon
structed proto-Slavic language means just “hole”, so “Big Hole” might be translated as “Velka D&%a”. I thought about such a location and later I saw almost the same location! During the encounter in the film the word “as” often popped up in left down part of the screen. These two letters are chemical symbol of the element which is right before selenium in the periodic table (in the symbol first of them is a capital letter). Doubling last letter in the word which was often present on the screen would produce probably most popular impolite word for rear end in the world."
175879278,My anti- depressant says if I quit suddenly I could have seizures. I’m on Wellbutrin. These psychiatric medications are powerful stuff that should only be adjusted by an MD.
175879279,Thanks for your perspective!
175879280,no but I will play this song for you!!!
175879281,What is lizard brain.i m not a lizard
175879282,Oh yeah I mean north america. The capitalist zone
175879283,"I either go fishing, PSR, or lunch with parents other than that I stay home. I received a message from my state that said covid is going up and it’s extremely dangerous to go out side at this time … Sometimes I chance it with mask and sanitizer but that’s when I’m really depressed from being inside"
175879284,I think I pay 5 or 6 euros every month.
175879285,I carried jumper cables in my trunk for years. My last ones I accidentally left in my trunk when I sold the car. That was four years ago.
175879286,So the card company its not going find it suscicpios at all.
175879287,"In a bizarre turn of events, the French ministry of health had to declare on Sunday that “no, cocaine does NOT protect against COVID-19,” in [a post] on Twitter. “It is an addictive drug that causes serious side effects and is harmful to people’s health,” the ministry wrote."
175879288,"My music stuff has been great for years, thanks. No writer’s blocks etc. I’m happy with that. My Sz has also got better. Going for an injection tomorrow (I get one in every 3rd week) I get a Zypadhera injection. Anyway, FL Studio is a great software. But so is Reason. It’s cool that some other Sz’s also make music and post their stuff here. How’s your life?"
175879289,"Im laying on coutch all day,dont go out unless its exsistential,so …Ill be here. I saw the other day your dad got injection too,great…"
175879290,Have you thought about moving back with your family for a bit? You always seem much happier when you’re visiting them.
175879291,Yes ugh
175879292,"Because… You cannot appreciate the light when you haven’t experienced the dark. Having said that, I feel some sympathy for those who suffer their whole life."
175879293,"I just got a therapy light, too! I got it on Amazon for $40. I’m hoping it helps. I hope you feel better soon."
174324409,I will get my third injection of Abilify Maintena the coming Monday. I’ve noticed that I can laugh and cry again after switching from Invega Trinza. So I’m very pleased.
175879294,Coffee and craisins again. Breakfast was a pancake w/ syrup and a protein bar
175879295,Poem: Seagulls Being alone in this evening as always a poem came to my mind ‘seagulls’ you were the first birds to arrive but also the first ones to leave flying to south to spend winter the season that surely comes so this was my poem if it makes any sense while following seagulls in their journey to other lands in southern Europe migrating birds as some people seems to do maybe this made no sense but I got up from my bed to write something I feel lively again.
174324414,Super exciting I will look into it! Thanks to you!
175879296,Morning! Another beautiful day. God I love summer. Dont even care that I need 2 showers a day. Ut is SO worth it to have exposed skin and no freaking coats...or shoes. Ahhhhhh. Going to go walking the beach before dinner with my daughter. We may run out to get my husband some sneakers. Idk if I’ll go or not. A few emails to do for work but that’s about it. Drinking coffee then I have to get in the shower. My dogs aren’t eating their new food. I’m kinda pissed about it these are dogs that were literally starving when I rescued them...6 years later they have the balls to turn their noses up at $82 dog food
175879297,"Made me feel way not normal tbh, I really felt like I was on some kind of psychedelic or something. Not in a dangerous way, but just in a “not normal” way."
175879298,"But that’s not me. I know it makes other people happy and feel good about themselves around me but I have been a good person most of my life. Sure, I did mean things in high school but not a lot. But when I turned 20 in my first group home, I realized that I had treated people bad in the past and I vowed to never do it again. I had a really effed up morning. People try to make me feel that my normal state of being is giving up. It’s hard to describe. Most people get points for being normal or doing something good. People only give me points most of the time for giving up and feeling inferior. It’s partly my fault but mostly their fault. It’s hard to explain but people assume that being nothing is my natural way of living. I have days like this often. And I can run with it for a whole morning and feel bad about myself and even a whole day but it’s so untrue. Screw them. Because that is NOT me and the only reason they do it is to have someone they can take advantage of. And today it was wor
se than usual and I felt like sh*t all morning. But then when I went to my doctors appointment this morning and all of a sudden people were being friendly too me and looking at me with genuine respect. WTF? I appreciate it but where was this in high school or most of my damn life? I’m the same damn person. This is why they should screen tenants here for people who aren’t losers and they should get people with basic decency not a bunch of insane predators. I’m not bitter just mad and frustrated. I don’t know if anyone else can relate to thinking that they feel most normal at their worst instead of their best."
175879299,Hope to see you next weekend! It’s every Sunday!
175879300,good to hear youre feeling better jimbob
175879301,I’m glad this one is working for you!
175879302,The memories were hallucinations. They weren’t real.
175879303,What color egg though. I’d go speckled purple.
175879304,"Ya I didn't sleep last night at all... I've got two things to do and then I can go home, take a thorazine and go to sleep. My anxiety and agitation is thru the roof right now. I need the thorazine. Plus might be delusional... It seems so real to me. But maybe the med will help with that..."
175879305,"I'm glad you've had success with the Risperdal so far, Perfect Time, because it's so important for those of us with mental illness to be on the right psychiatric medication(s). Take it from somebody who knows."
175879306,"_PERSON_ I know of someone who kept saying sorry to me and then repeating the same harmful behaviour to me over and over again. Frankly, they are a danger to me so I cut them off completely. But from a distance so that I feel a bit more warm and fuzzy inside, I tell myself that they are like that due to many factors. That I don’t even understand. It doesn’t mean it is OK to be like that, but it provides understanding somewhat which makes me feel no bitterness as a result. Just defense mode due to them being a danger to me"
175879307,"Plan ahead. Set aside a day, maybe sometime next week that you will just sit down and spend an hour crocheting a scarf or blanket or a backpack or a coffee table or whatever and keep to it."
175879308,_NAME_ - All of me All of Me _NAME_ and _NAME_ They can
175879309,"_USER_ID_ said... Smooth, I have a 42 year old niece that is bipolar 2. She was 17 years old when disgnosed, mental illness runs on her mother's side of the family. I won't bore you with all the details of her life except the longest relationship with a guy lasted 18 months. She will go on medication for a bit & seem to do good & then decides there is nothing wrong with her, the drs & everyone around her is lying. It has been a viscous & destructive cycle all these years. As you mentioned you have your illnesses to deal with, you dread taking calls or answering text messages some days. I would listen closely to my inner feelings. What happens to you if you decide to move & once there you see that you shouldn't have? How will this affect you, loss of a job, a place to live things of this nature. Maybe even sit down & make a list of pros & cons. Some may not agree with that, but it's worth putting on paper & looking at. I wish you the best no matter what decision you make. _NAME_, I've pretty much ch
ecked out and have ignored her for 21 hours now. She bothers me with relationship crap at work which is unacceptable. Upon doing some reading, it's important I set boundaries. I've not been allowed to express my feelings without considerable pushback. I can't say or do anything right. She's no longer insured, so that will cause an issue with staying on the meds. I've learned not to end the relationship during a manic episode, which I believe she is currently having. In this state, it's hard to come up with any pros. I'm actually afraid to talk to her and I told her that. It's as if none of the things I'm going through matters if she's having an episode. She downplays my mental illness. I've actually gotten the bipolar diagnosis before, but I wouldn't say I experience any mania. I'm considering tackling the Herculean task of finding a psychiatrist to help. I definitely need a new psychologist. The fact the psychologist can't prescribe meds still annoys me. I'm difficult to get along with at times. I'm an only 
child. I am cognizant of that. If I can't accept her for what she goes through, what kind of person am I? I have all those GI issues and she's usually pretty understanding. I basically sleep in a recliner. Do I deserve anyone? I am good at quitting when things get hard. That's been the case my entire life. I don't know how to overcome. I definitely don't want to be stuck moving up there just to be miserable. I considered going up for a week to see how that goes and feel that that many days could be pretty telling. Honestly, I just don't think I have it in me. It's excited me at times, but the feeling is mostly fear. I've probably repeated myself a little from older posts, but memory issues. I'm taking Xanax daily now which isn't typical, but can contribute to some of that. Could be some of the residual COVID, too. Thanks for writing. _NAME_"
175879310,Very to the point. I like it a lot. Pretty well sums up some of my experience for sure.
175879311,I am also worried voices might come back. But as I need to stay alert for my job I can’t afford this sleepiness to go on. And I hate overdosing on coffee…
175879312,"idk that feels too shallow, there must be something deeper"
175879313,Sorry to hear that… I usually have a lot of trouble with those MagicEye computer generated 3d patterns
175879314,I was very close to do it but fortunately i didn’t
175879315,Volunteer work. Walk my dog. Try to read.a little.
175879316,I dont think anyone ever has. Hopefully someone has something unique. I dont know what it is. Doctors did an MRI and said everything is normal. No one can explain it.
175879317,IMG_20190725_090416.jpg 1080×1110 247 KB
174324419,"Hello, I hope this reply finds you well and in good spirits. Thank you for taking the time to respond as it's a brave step to talk about things that are at times hard on us. I can tell through your descriptions that you know what I mean by certain aspects of this experience. I think that we have many similarities within our combined experiences of what it is to hear 'voices'. As they seem to follow a set of detailed patterns, and set outcomes. Also, within these times there are more informed explanations of what may be occurring within our lives, as new discoveries and outlooks change. Have you read some of my other posts and can you relate to any of the relevant points? Once again I thank you for taking the time to comment upon this post."
175879318,"BPcyc, what do you look like?"
175879319,I was out in the afternoon and it feels like walking into an oven
175879320,I take my medicine like clockwork. I felt terrible the time I accidently missed a dose.
175879321,Anybody take _NAME_-e with risperidone or an antipsychotic? My psychiatrist said it was ok to try for the lack of pleasure and disinterest. I’m hoping it will make a difference.
175879322,"It will come out here by end of the year, I called the company making it."
175879323,"Yeah, I'm Southern Baptist, not Catholic, but close. But he replied already saying Lets talk on Sunday and set up a time to meet. So I guess I didn't scare him off. He probably hears all sorts of things because he does a lot of counseling. So it probably didn't shock him. I just wanted to give him an out if he wanted it. But I guess he didn't want it because he didn't reject me! Thanks _AT_MENTION_"
175879324,"My arm is getting better, alot of dead skin came off, my arm is raw red. Now it just needs to heal. Thanks god i didnt lose my arm or died."
175879325,Cheers guys.
175879326,"Done! That will cost 3 cat pictures, please! _NAME_ preferred, but any are fine."
175879327,The programmers are like artists. They are directors of the reality show
175879328,My first major breakdown I guess I was having a complete emotional breakdown and the sza symptoms took over. I was allready very isolated before that and dissociated entirely.
175879329,Every night I listen to thunderstorm sounds on _USER_ID_. Or Ocean sounds. (For whatever reason ‘babbling _NAME_’ is only for like 40 minutes). But the former two run on indefinitely. I had major insomnia experiences from being on too many things. Are you by any chance on anything redundant?
175879330,Sounds good! Just looked up their website. They have some nice stuff!
175879331,"My voices started after playing with a ouja board by myself for two months. All of a sudden, I heard voices telling me I was possessed by spirits. For the first two years of hearing these voices, I was also communicating with the voices through automatic writing (they were directing what I was writing). There were also three instances in which I was at a spiritualist church, and I received messages from psychics about the spirits that were possessing me. The psychics repeated things the spirits, or voices, had said or called the spirits by the names they had given themselves, i.e. _NAME_, _NAME_, and _NAME_. I had also been doing tarot cards for about 20 years before the voices appeared, and the voices castigated me for doing tarot cards. Gradually, the voices willfully turned into a mental illness and have castigated me for not wanting to take meds and not treating them like a mental illness. I was diagnosed with psychosis when I believed I was communicating with spirits. I still believe the voice
s are external."
175879332,"Oh kudos for you for trying mindfulness! Some people might think it's a complex thing, but it's really only using all your senses to stay in the present (reality) and react to what's presently going on - it sure puts a stop on those spiraling thoughts! Never heard of mucus dissolvers - thanks for mentioning it - I'll hafta look those sachets up! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health"
175879333,"For me the fear was going to university , and coping with the increased level of independence that would be required."
175879334,for me i think the blame is the sz. that’s just me personally
175879335,"Hello everyone I'm aiesha. I am here to reach out for support for myself, and have better understanding. So I can better support the individuals I work with. I hope everyone is doing well and staying safe! Please reach out if you need anyone to speak to, always here to support you."
175879336,No. Tingly feet plus high blood pressure equals call your doctor.
175879337,"My Paliperidone / Haldol prescription costs $0 out of pocket in BC, Canada."
175879338,People need to be buying Heirloom seeds. And start indoor gardens Well I’m in the country so I have plenty of places to grow gardens
175879339,Paranoia that your parents are trying to kill you is not overvalued ideas.
175879340,you hv the right to believe in anything you want
175879341,"The Abilify is helping me. I’m scared to go on monthly injections again because I felt like it took parts of me away, and yet I dont know if thats true or not. I am taking the pills as prescribed. Should I consider going back on the injections and will that be more effective against the depression, mania, or psychosis? Or should I add something else? I skipped my last appointment so I won’t be talking to the psychiatrist for a few weeks. I feel a sense of urgency because it could get worse at any moment. I haven’t been so stable. I can’t even handle six cups of coffee."
174324417,Are they still following you? That would be stressful. Now my voices are saying they are from the _NAME_. _PERSON_. I live in America.
175879342,"I have completely zero brain fog. It's beautiful. Drinking a coffee. I drink one every morning because the half life of caffeine is 5-6 hours. So if I took 150mg of caffeine (Which is probably the amount in my strong coffee) at 2pm, by 2am, there'd be 30-40mg left in my blood. So no point of drinking coffee throughout the day unless you have a tolerance. I'm looking at you Newtus and your coffee sips. And you BB with your decaf. One weak or strong coffee in the morning. With a Vyvanse maybe if you don't go psychotic and anxious."
175879343,I think there is definitely something to nutrition but I don’t think just eating well is THE cure. I think nutrition helps MOOD somewhat from my experience and that’s an important element of mental health. This is for myself at least the case
175879344,Really not sure what I am anxious about. Is pretty generalised
175879345,I’ll share what I do in this very predicament. The friends (now acquaintances) around me at the time of my first episode I reach out to once per year. I still have their contact info so I send an email or text just to check in and let them know I’m thinking of them.
175879346,"You’re right. But the woman today was about 30 and I’m 58. But yeah, I used to put out more effort to meet women and possibly go out. Now I’m just satisfied with talking and being around them and checking them out and I find I can even flirt a little and they take it good. But you’re right, a cup of coffee and conversation would be fun."
175879347,And german techo is terrible
175879348,"I had a complete abdominal one done in 2018, only abnormality was fatty liver disease which can damage the liver with time. He showed me the fat around and inside the liver. Is pepcid prescription?"
175879349,Good job! It can be tough.
175879350,I am the host and I don’t want us to integrate. We function well like this. And my alters are family to me. In my view integration would spit in their faces for all we’ve gotten through together. I don’t even like to think of it. It may work for other systems but not ours
175879351,Why? That is what they are there for.
175879352,"Look at it this way. The Royal British Family is extemely popular, right? But even they aren’t on TV 24 hours a day with people talking about them. Then why would television stations spend millions following and talking about your every move…when you are essentially…like me…a nobody!"
175879353,Ah ok. I remember u said u were trying to fix your internet speed or something. Did the person/guy ever come?
175879354,I want to learn to like those things therefore but it’s very hard when the rest or majority of the world sees them as unattractive
175879355,"Well that’s what the doctors tell us, except a Finnish/Norwegian doctor who told that some of us are mind controlled. She said that some people hear voices as schizos, but some others are having a microchip."
175879356,"I never have before because I've never had any friends on it, I've used it for a long time though probably 6 months or longer and it's helped me immensely"
175879357,"I personally have no vested interest in _PERSON_ or any other athlete. He can survive and do well, or he can have both legs amputated. Not my concern. Ask _PERSON_ if he cares about me. That’s how much I care about him."
175879358,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879359,I told one person I had known for a while. This person had lots of experience with disabilities. They actively avoided me after sz was mentioned
175879360,"A state of being, The life we are set in. Understanding the many parts, all hard to live with. We have been reduced. We are small, weak, outcasts. We have little reserve left for happiness. Considering this condition, is our courage likewise reduced? Take the everyday acts of living, in context. We show a steady resolve to endure, to wait it out. Measure courage by the resources a person has. We have that courage."
175879361,"In fact I felt his mother who was all about him,got relief.That’s sad.He’s girlfriend left him earlier saying that she couldn’t watch him that lethargic."
175879362,"is it possible for sinusitis causing psychosis? i am gonna treat my sinusitis for this reason , to figure out."
175879363,"I wish mine were like your’s , remember never to talk back or enter the Lions den !"
175879364,"I woke up early, too early I’ve been in crab mode all day."
175879365,"Lol, You cant stop Congress, right ?"
175879366,"Maybe yes to an extent, but I will always have to monitor my stress levels to an extreme level and that’s not normal I don’t think"
175879367,"_AT_MENTION_, I am taking 900 mg of Omega 3 fatty acids a day. That equates to 3,000 mg of fish oil concentrate a day. I’ve been doing this for 17 years now. I am on a lot of sleep meds and I need them. Cause if I don’t take them, I don’t sleep at all. I’d rather sleep too much than not at all."
175879368,You are going to make it to Wednesday all right. You grand kids are good to you and you have what you need. Are they going to eat with you?
175879369,I live at home with my family. Am I safe here?
175879370,"A job I am perfectly qualified for working as a Senior Information Analyst has arisen in my home town (10 min commute!) - and it will pay more than my previous Senior Insight Analyst job I left last March. It’s for the UK’s National Health Service, and they have extremely good benefits working for them. These jobs are like gold dust. Because I apparently have a ‘disability’, my employment advisor has told me to tick yes to the box for an equality based mandatory interview on my next application if I have the required experience - so the chances of getting an interview is very high as this is a job I have done before. The question is, do I go back to working as an Analyst - which I love. Or, do I continue to work as a Landscaper self employed, with all the flexibility and risk that carries? My main reason for applying to this new role is the organisation and the fact it’s in healthcare, so rather than working for a profit based company, it would be for the good of others. I like being self
-employed, and the money is good - I have earned well out of it so far during a pandemic, and also I have a lot of quotes to do. Just not entirely sure what I would do if I was to be offered this role. They’re a disability friendly environment, so I would expect that the challenges I had in my previous employment doing this kind of work with my line manager just would not happen. IDK. Maybe if anyone here can give me their opinion based on the info here I’d appreciate the feedback on my career choices"
175879371,"True. I’d rather be “Fat, dumb, and happy” then be analyzing things ad nauseum."
175879372,that is a good point!
175879373,Lol this is like a foreign language
175879374,"I talked to my psychologist on Monday. Specifically I talked to him about dating. I don't feel any rush to date but it's been on my mind. Monday and sunday I actually had a dream I fell in love, then I woke up, but I still had the feeling. It's interesting that I can barely feel emotions while conscious, but when im dreaming I can feel all of those emotions. I wonder why that is..."
175879375,I feel like I’m less into romance and more into true crime shows these days.
175879376,"I got too much emotion now. Brain is healing. It’s overwhelming. I feel girlish. _PERSON_ a few times today, it was actually starting to get annoying."
174324424,"How do you explain objectively the absence of a Vaccine against the sz condition ? -How do you explain scientifically the ineffectiveness of antibiotics on the sz condition ? -How do you explain the absence of protein or / anti-protein that ends the life of suffering experienced by the person (patient) even for an hour from a day ? If you are talking with the name of real science,please answer about the above questions As we know,medication is one of the important means used in the diet,in order to remove excess fats BUT not all body fats When you talking about the treatment means be used with the sz Are these treatments a way to remove “reduce” excess symptoms but not all symptoms -as happens in the diet ? The drug aims to achieve symptomatic diet and not eliminating them permanently !! How do explain the issue (objectively ) ? Where the disease that you belief in ?"
175879377,"Yeah, like the posters above said, I wouldn’t recommend taking them either. I ate a cut last year and all I got from it was a mild euphoria/hypomania for a couple hours and then a couple hours of paranoia. No visuals at all. Its the first time I tried them since I’ve been on an AP and I basically threw my money away."
174324427,"Second week, now on 10 mg, Zyprexa withdrawal… headache and stuff. Muscle pain from abilifyn i think. Dont know yet If its good for me."
175879378,I was a wreck less young adult Yes it is all my fault So now I’m ill With some pill.
175879379,lol. I know you’d like to believe that but I seriously doubt that’s the case. I don’t think you would have pretended and got yourself placed in a home where you don’t want to be.
175879380,"Being dismissive of a difficult situation is a very common way for a friend to react when you mention having one. I don’t think it’s meant personally, it’s just the only way they can think of to show support. I admit it probably gets old having people dismiss it though, if that’s what you’re talking about."
174324425,Your violence isn’t psychosis related anymore! It is an anger management or personality disorder more likely. The violence form szs seen in the media is psychosis related. Maybe you are just a violent person or have a personality disorder that causes it. If you can honestly do nothing about it because you have an aversion to therapy possibly because they force you to take responsibility for yourself which you are unprepared to do then perhaps further investigation into your personality might identify the cause of it.
175879381,Tomato soup and an apple
175879382,ah i really like my beyerdynamics headphones… listen with them every day.
175879383,"From the French Wikipedia page about antipsychotics“: By reducing monoaminergic activity, neuroleptics (antipsychotics) decrease the intensity of emotions: fear, joy, anger, love, desire, combativity, others. They slow down the psyche, including imaginative and intuitive functions. […] Under neuroleptics, the facets of the patient’s personality can be altered.” This is true but what is also true is that when you take antipsychotics you are not sick. Finally, to answer your question, before antipsychotics, I was a very emotive person that was talking a lot and was funny. On antipsychotics, I am not like that anymore but at least I am feeling well."
175879384,they’ve said I lack capacity way before the other day.
175879385,"Oh wow, I love how the little creatures are so simple, yet so expressive."
175879386,That’s grounding! I’m glad it works for you. It floods your body with electrons and reduces brain inflammation.
175879387,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_ , no props, cats are nice too, a little reserved, but nice laid back"
175879388,Hoping the best for you! I’m so glad you have found relief! It would be wonderful if you could find a job in your field! You’re so smart!!
175879389,Very angry and bitter Not angry but bitter Sometimes angry sometimes peaceful Moderately peaceful Very peaceful 0 voters
175879390,Some pdocs suggest risperidone for ocd augmentation with SSRI. Anybody have experience with it ? Does it help ocd ? Any studies ?
175879391,i never felt psychosis coming. it was like suddenly i’m all deep in it…
175879392,"Wish I could ""like"" every single cat page on Facebook , I love them all, I have so many cats in my newsfeed, more cats than people ?"
175879393,"Congratulations and I love her name! Animals are great, they bring love into our lives without judgement. I have a 1 year old cat named Journey ?."
175879394,"I have the same symptoms, and i am diagnosed with schizotypal PD, i think it’s something related to my diagnosis that looks like and feel like a “minor” tourette syndrome not TD. I have the symptoms primarily when i’m alone and can mostly control it among people"
175879395,"Well, maybe being in a psychotic state affects certain schizophrenics differently? For me, I remember most of what happened."
175879396,"Ham sandwich, pretzels and a diet Pepsi."
175879397,So horrible I mostly choose not to speak because I’m a blathering idiot. Anyway why is it i can’t read one page of a book but I can do crossword puzzles. I don’t understand why.
175879398,I really love your paintings _AT_MENTION_
175879399,Playing train of thought is addictive and not much useful. But if able to play working memory overdrive game often then useful for day to day activities. Reduces impulsive behavior.
174324431,"I am saying it helps, not saying in 100% of the cases. I gave up weed bcz of my sz."
175879400,i want injections for life
174324429,I can only handle working part time too.
174324433,I’m on abilify right now and have become worse so I need to switch. I get so paranoid about taking my meds so I need a long acting injections. I hear risperdal has one called consta. So I’m looking to see how its helped people. I know everyone is different.
174324437,"I got used to it in mental hospital but blood and horror/zombie movies, tv shows and video games trigger my psychosis, I get scared and shaking, I stopped playing and watching these."
174324430,Its a offlevel drug… approved for alzimers…!!! Some article suggest it might might help sz…!!
175879401,Here's the screenshot I took.
175879402,"I think a lot of treatment is just based on how you look or present yourself, kinda like how the mods treat people or everybody seems to."
175879403,"That sucks, literally but I’m glad you have work to go back to."
175879404,Good luck with your first day! _AT_MENTION_
175879406,Nice _AT_MENTION_ 1515
175879407,There is a critera that they think I don’t score any points for. I was very anxious at the appointment but they gave me zero marks for everything and said I didn’t need help.
175879408,A lot of people with big changes to their diets and the addition of exercise can lose water weight fast just keep that in mind!
175879409,"In other news, I can't wait until I get my hair cut on Saturday. It's going to be an extreme before and after because I've kept a beard this entire time and I'm going to trim it short on Friday in preparation for my hair cut. Guys NEVER think like this but I think I'm going to surprise on Monday considering. I had a couple of messages on the dating apps but I'm not feeling those matches. So I'm debating whether or not to reply... I take these seriously because I am not a cheater. I've never cheated on a woman in any capacity. If I'm going to date a woman I want to be really into her or else I'm just a jerk wasting her time. I finally got the book i ordered. It took 3 damn weeks! I'm going to spend all weekend reading it."
175879410,Great advice MMB!
174324435,"See above, Abilify has similar numbers, to LSD . . Ki LSD 2.9 nM Ki Abilify 3.4 - 4.7 nM Intrinsic value ( effect ) IA LSD 12.7 % IA Abilify 10 - 20 % It’s in science, it basically says Abilify is, LSD, gram for gram, which explains why people see stuff, feel excited . . ."
175879411,My voices are not audible but instead are like thoughts that are not my own. Yes most of my delusions have been spiritual in nature.
175879412,"I was absorbed in a movie and forgot I hadn't eaten anything since 12, got up and nearly walked into the wall"
175879413,I’m too old to hate. I’m sorry I wasted some time with people. I really am but that was more me than them. Some people just don’t deserve our favor. It’s just how things are…I have people who’ve hated me for sure in the past but I am not buying into that. I just am myself. Replace your hate for some with love for others and your life is so much better off.
175879414,I just read your post again and saw the top line. I have known some friends who have had their loved ones commit suicide. It completely destroys them. I know things can get better personally and professionally Please call the suicide prevention hotline they can connect you with resources and help to get you help.Their number is 1-800-273-TALK
175879415,"I really do feel for you. I’ve had days like that myself. And nothing to be sorry for, whatever helps you, do it"
175879416,No it’s not mandatory. You don’t even have to be in treatment if you don’t want in the US.
175879417,Is it bedtime where you are?
175879418,"I got into an argument with my mom. I told her I wanted to go to California to see my family, her family. She said if you don't have money you cant. And I got really upset. Said I don't wanna see them anyway."
175879419,"Nail clippers, floss, nair, a giant word search book, pencils, pens, bagel bites, little _NAME_ zebra cakes, egg rolls, chicken salad, tuna salad, and an M&M almond chocolate candy bar"
175879420,The force is strong in this one
175879421,"I had an argument with my husband on friday. Now we are ok. But even though everything around me is ok right now, I don’t feel good. I don’t know if I’m having a relapse, but I feel my life is sad and complicated and I don’t know what to do. I visit my nurse tomorrow to get my injection. I will tell her. I also have an appointment with my psychiatrist on friday. Maybe they can help me or give me some advice."
175879422,"_PERSON_ tried to make me out to be a really bad person - biting, killing, angry, couldn’t walk. It wasn’t me but I never spoke up then. I was a hurt person who was counting my blessings and didn’t want to make waves."
175879423,Good stuff! Good for you. I nolonger hear voices either and my many delusions went away too.
175879424,"I just got back from the hospital. I had vowed to never go again. I’d say now it’s okay to go because in the past people lived there year round, now we go in and out."
175879425,Thanks _PERSON_. It’s someone I _NAME_ off Pinterest
175879426,sorry about your mom passing away…it is something I fear greatly to lose my mom…I lost my step dad about five years ago and I am still sad about it too…welcome back.
175879427,Talking to people doesn’t help Unless I am in the middle of overdosing or tell them I have plans they will ignore me just like the NHS
175879428,I’m really happy for you and your housemates. That’s great news!
175879429,Maybe but often autism is misdiagnosed as they just think differently… also there is masking they do which means they try to act like normal people so they don’t look different
175879430,I don’t hate…love always conquers any hate no matter what.
175879431,They sedate me more than the oral meds i think
175879432,"Yes, I tend to deny having a material body."
175879433,"Also forget about people you see on tv and in movies. They are mostly all athletes or supermodels and live seemingly perfect lives. The world is not like that. Nobody lives perfect lives, and probably like 95% of us don’t have a “perfect” body. Don’t get deluded by the tv or the propaganda box as I like to call it sometimes, because I knew I did when I was younger. Then later when I grew up I got to understand that the tv only portrays a dream, but what we have to deal with is reality where nobody is reading lines from a script."
175879434,Is it bad that I’m scared of people?
174324441,What do you mean by sz broccoli?
175879435,"So they weighed my cat and she's 21 lbs. A few weeks ago I started to give her half a cup in the morning, and half at night. so one cup total a day. She said that was too much. How much should I feed my cat then?"
175879436,"I thought maybe you were taking it for the ocd. I myself have not heard of it being used for anxiety. But meds can be used for different things I understand. I thought it was actually for nerve pain. Anyway, I hope it helps. Let us know. Maybe the doc got something mixed up. Maybe you should call and express your concern. I wish you the best. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175879437,It was useless lol i’m Not to stressed about going just a little nervous cause it’s a new place that I’ve never been to.
175879438,I’m sorry you’re feeling blue. I talked to myself today too. Just relax. Do you have roommates?
175879439,"The steroid inhaler the doctor gave me is wreaking havoc with my moods. I feel angry and depressed, but I need the inhaler because it helps my breathing wonderfully. I was having trouble breathing before I was put on the steroid inhaler. I think it had something to do with the pathological amounts of sugar I was consuming. It must have inflamed my lungs in some way."
175879440,"I’ve never tried Concerta, but I did straterra and it didn’t help."
175879441,"time goes fast when you dont realise it.no problem though,it happens to all of us."
175879442,This.
175879443,"I lost my education and planned career. I’ve lost friends, the respect of family members, self-confidence, trust, stability… but I stayed here and I keep trying. I have more than I would have guessed I would have. I’m married, I have a job, a safe place to live, and own my car. I don’t have a social life, except online, and relationships are difficult, but I have enough."
175879444,He called and asked my friends and I questions. Just about what he had been doing. He started to remember things. His family is keeping an eye on him.
175879445,"Oh yah I have my own share of hardships when I was first diagnosed I would go on and on I was not sick until a few years went by then it hit me like a ton of bricks! I have issues with my afterlife, to say the least without furthering into mind babbling detail … I used to worry the stupidest little too things would lead me to demonic possession … I wish I could say more, except that it ain’t my first rodeo - nightmares, floating, demons, thought broadcasting, brainwashing, pychic reading, spiritual mayhem, delusions - all is garbage I take that crap, write it down on paper then burn it …"
175879446,Probably the new med causing you issues
175879447,Yeah that’s scary.
175879448,"Lmao I think I am.. 91% ""sleep efficiency"".. No but seriously - It's my Samsung Watch that tracks my sleep and then I get to look at it on my phone. It's pretty cool! I'm gonna try and sleep at ~1:30-2am - Take a walk around the block, etc. I might not be able to sleep so well because I'm not taking gabaminergics. I'll try and wake up at 10:30am this morning. I'm glad I have zopiclone.. It's a really good sleep med for me. Hope everyone gets good sleep.."
175879449,You have the thought disorder when your mood disorder flares up instead of it being more random.
174324448,Nope well maybe yes I’m not sure I’ve been on Aristada and Abilify depot and I liked both of those. It’s really my mom and the doctors just not listening to me.
175879450,I bet the joker has this !!
174324452,I hanged out with more than 25 friends and had a gf before my SZ. I lost all of them after. I did not connect with ppl in mental health. I was also ain university with very high grades b4 my SZ. On Abilify I hanged out with 4-5 friends but then on Latuda I lost them. 2 still talk to me online occasionally but we never hangout anymore because I don’t feel comfortable around ppl anymore.
175879451,Whatever I’m done! I’m sorry ! I apoligize we both have schizophrenia and it’s the internet it’s not that serious. I’m a happy person. U started it and I’m apologizing
175879452,Just to relax and feel calm. Been mentally exhausted lately alot on my mind.
175879453,What does where you on an for how long?
175879454,There’s social housing but the waiting Lists are many years. Most landlords don’t accept people that aren’t full-time employed. I live in an apartment that is owned by my mum. I’m lucky that she is my landlord.
175879455,"I have been living independently for about 15 years. I live alone in my apartment and it only costs me $140 a month for these last 15 years. That is what call, rent control. I just renewed my rental agreement yesterday."
175879456,"_PERSON_ I just realized I didn’t put any details lmao. I’m in a food coma. If you have T-Mobile, download the T-Mobile Tuesdays app and redeem a free chicken sandwich and 2 pieces of chicken from Popeyes Lousiana Chicken. Soz guys lmao"
175879457,"That could happen when you feel sedated or dizzy or even some vertigo. Happens to me when I lay in bed too long and get up real quick. Also if I eat too fast, or smoke too many cigarettes."
175879458,"_PERSON_, I guess you need to pronounce it. Look at all these hits."
175879459,"I know the feeling but I don't get it that bad. Thoughts in my head would say ""Just do it. ****ing do it. Kill yourself you piece of ****"". That's real mental illness right there. You have to recognise that it is. But even in that state, I am powerless to the thoughts so I say that time is the only cure for it. Take a nap, think it out, etc.. If only they knew the type of chemical combination in the brain that does this and meds to treat it.. _PERSON_ help me with it.."
175879460,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175879461,This one needs more actual voice hearers to read and consider leaving a comment.
175879462,IMG_20190928_230439.jpg 3840×5120 2.72 MB IMG_20190928_225726.jpg 3840×5120 3.95 MB
175879463,My grandmother is 98. Shes not worried for herself either
174324443,"I’m so painfully addicted to nicotine. I haven’t had any in five years, but I fear if I took just one dose of nicotine, I’m be back as an active addict. When my addiction to smoking is set up and going, I’d do anything for another cigarette."
174324450,Both times I went on aripiprazole in the start I went super aroused. Then with time it’s gone mostly dead although I think that is a lot to do with my mental and emotional state too during those times
175879464,brotha you’re truly a great person and i deeply appreciate your empathy and informativeness. _NAME_ do my best to be proactive! hope everythings going well with you!
174324453,so you are on abilify now? How many mgs of Invega and how many mgs of Abilify were you on?
175879465,"It seemed like I had more anger than usual when I was on Latuda, but that could have been because I was coming off Geodon and Seroquel."
174324444,"good luck, honey. I 've got so many vices against me and schizophrenia doesn’t make it any easier."
175879466,"Ive got some fear for sleep, and my intrusive thoughts."
175879467,"If want to try Fillipino food you have to try Kare Kare, you wont regret it, its best filipino food out there its so good. 1200×630 87.9 KB"
175879468,I googled it and it reaches a steady state in your system after about 3 days. So you might start to feel the effects of it sooner than 2 weeks. I’m sorry you feel so alone. It’s a horrific disease. It can isolate you.
175879469,"Having an ok day so far. Not having caffeine, voices are quiet, feeling hopeful. That’s the heart of the thoughts though. I’m dismissing how bad it used to, not remembering it straight, minimizing through rose colored glasses worn by my good mood. Did I fake it? Uhg what a thought. Why would that spring up? I remember times when the voices would scream at me that I’m a liar. Jolting flashes of thoughts, fury of topics, then I have to sort through them, untangle them. It’s not being too hard today. Writing helps. Sharing helps. Still doesn’t stop them. Still get the doubts. Still feels like a blow to the psyche. Annoying, hurts. I’m not sure what to contribute it to. Just my brain thing. I like using that term because it vague. “_PERSON_ and his silly brain thing” Anyone else ever feel like a fake on a supposed good day? It feels like a self defeating action. Remember my mindfulness. Remember how to analyze my thoughts. Thank you for reading my ramble. Much love to the tribe!"
174324454,"Schizophrenia, Asperger’s Syndrome (now high-functioning autism thanks to the gormless name change), congenital heart defect with complications, and diabetes (thanks Zyprexa!)."
174324458,"MedShadow – 7 May 19 No Amount of Alcohol Is Safe in Pregnancy, Study Says - MedShadow Think sipping on a few measly ounces of alcohol while pregnant is safe? Think again. While media has long given Ultimately, it was found that teenagers who experienced alcohol exposure in utero were more likely to suffer from brain connection issues through their corpus _USER_ID_, an area in which such deficits have been linked to schizophrenia, multiple sclerosis, autism, depression and abnormalities in sensation."
175879470,"Me and my dad might go to a restaurant, to watch the Colts and the Browns play football. My social phobia is making me nervous. I haven’t been to a restaurant in a long time."
175879471,"I used to be terrified at the idea of taking psychiatric medication. I shared this concern with a counsellor and he said there are many high-functioning who people who take some form of pysch medication because the pros out weigh the cons, and people can be worse off without medication. If you take the medication early on when you get sick and work with your team on a treatment plan then honestly, you have a better chance at a normal life. Everyone is different and it may take some trial and error with the medication and treatment to find what works and what doesn’t work for you. If you’re so worried about side effects, ask your doctor to treat you using the lowest effective dose and do some kind of talk, social or cognitive therapy. Also, I think stats say a large percentage of untreated SZ’s become homeless, harm themselves, become drug users and die prematurely. It’s not a nice way to live. I’m not gonna lie, its a lot of work but it’s worth it. SZ is no joke. All the best"
175879472,Both of my brothers are working from home at the moment. One of them said that his boss is considering having him work from home permanently. They're both accountants so it's all computer work.
175879473,I am starring in a _NAME_ show myself
175879474,Yeah I get you. I don’t think anybody wants to have to go in front of a judge. Hopefully ur caseworker will help calm you and be supportive.
175879475,I was an intern architect when I first became delusional…lost my career…was forlorn over that a long time but I realized there is hope in medication…my world stopped in my professional life…but my life kept going whether I wanted it to or not…after two suicide attempts I found hope after I changed my meds…now I’m happy and with a gf living on disability…nice life so far…I’m 59 now…was 35 when I got sick.
174324455,"Ie you’re saying ASD is not in the same ballpark of disability severity than psychosis/schizophrenia. The way your comment was framed was all too clear. A desire not to compare the two strongly suggests that. It’s like me saying I don’t want to compare most other people’s disability to mine because they have less problems socialising than I do, and in doing so choosing to ignore other aspects of their disability. Refusing to compare ASD and schizophrenia over one aspect, whether there is loss of grey matter or not, is exactly the same ."
175879476,"Just realised that I may not have kept in enough for cars on my way down to get bales, I was in a rush and wasn’t conscious of the road. Also I don’t look at cars on opposite side of road anymore and it helps with my paranoia. May have been _NAME_ on way down, I had a feeling there was"
175879477,Gonna try and read. Nauseous from too much nicotine gum.
175879478,"That’s fine. Just be cautious, that’s all."
175879479,I look at teeth.
175879480,Yes. Thank you. I’m taking notes.
175879481,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879482,"NL Times – 31 May 19 75,000 psychotic patients not getting the help they need: report Around 75 thousand patients with psychotic disorders in the Netherlands are not receiving the psychotherapy that specialists say they need. Medication is also not always provided according to the prescribed guidelines, according to a Vrije..."
174324461,"I just was put back on it recently. It makes me feel wired, makes my brain feel nice and hooked up. I was on it all through college where I maintained a 3.5 average before the schizophrenia symptoms started. Back then I was just being treated for bipolar. I had some awful stomach aches on it this time around but I stuck it out and kept taking it and the stomach aches are a lot less pronounced now, each day they seem to get less and less painful, I think I might be able to tolerate it. It’s also been known to help some people quit smoking. I’m also told it can worsen voices and possibly kick hypomanic patients into full mania, but I haven’t experienced that. Everybody reacts to these meds differently unfortunately."
175879483,I used Seroquel for sleep. Main AP was Zyprexa. Now I don’t need the Seroquel anymore as I have no sleep issues on 4mg Risperdal.
175879484,Struggling with physical health. _NAME_ is trying to convince me to go to the hospital. I don’t want to go ? How are you?
175879485,"i tried didnt work for me, maybe it work for you. Wont hurt."
175879486,I used to get really anxious but my anxiety went away this year for some reason.
175879487,Yes mine was at my finger due to dog bite.it has swollen and was red.i used to scared as hell.i really happy to not loose your arm.take care
175879488,For your information…
175879489,Hi Welcome to the forum I am pleased you have found us. I would check with your doctor or pharmacist to see if there is any possible interactions between your Ssri and the CBD and ashwagndha. Sometimes an Ssri will pop out so an increase or change in medication is required. Keep us posted. _PERSON_
175879490,I don’t know for sure what my diagnosis is now. I haven’t been taking antidepressants for long.
175879491,Awesome!!!!
174324445,"Sorry for not talking here a lot lately, just been having a rough time. I'm kinda worried about being on this dose of Haldol (20mg) because of the risk of tardive dyskensia. I think an atypical AP would do better, maybe retrying on old one I was on, like risperidone, abilify, geodon, etc."
174324463,"For the schizopnrenia-associated deletion regions, these are listed in a paper titled: Schizophrenia-associated genomic copy number variants and subcortical brain volumes in the UK. I should more properly have referred to deletion regions and duplications or better yet CNV."
175879492,"Which volts? All usbs are 5v, your vape charger converts it to 4.2v. 4.2v usb doesnt exist, only 5v."
175879493,"those agencies wortless, they team up with centrelink and give agencies money,and in the end they dont find you a job.its a scam.theres no jobs anyway.im trying to do voluntering and they tell me im not old enough."
175879494,"It’s easy to do things you wouldn’t normally do when you’re drunk. Don’t beat yourself up, but be careful about how much you drink in the future maybe? I smoked weed when I got drunk earlier this year, I’d never usually smoke it. Luckily it just made me fall asleep. Just shrug it off as a one off and start again on a clean slate."
174324457,"What should diagnosis be based on? How you are off meds/med not being taken consistently? Or how you are with meds being taken consistently? I ask this because my dx has been changed back to schizophrenia. I was asked about mood symptoms, but found it hard to answer as since being on depot(2009) my mood symptoms have not been much of a problem (mildly depressive at times) This was the situation mood wise when meds weren’t taken regularly.: irritability,inner tension, busy mind,depression,contentious,impatient, I was puzzled by this comment: In the context of a diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder now having been made and the depressive symptoms being mild when they occurred in the past, I’m changing the diagnosis back to schizophrenia."
175879495,"I'm glad you are considering trying out thinking positive before you attempt to solve a problem that you can solve it. It helped me, and I was pretty negative."
175879496,It’s no fun being symptomatic. I hope your new med regiment works well.
175879497,"Yeah, midnights, but you might be surprised by how busy that gas station is overnight. It’s the only thing in that part of town that is open 24 hours."
175879498,"We ought to remember the victim in all this, and the right of other patients to a secure environment. I’ve been in hospital for over 3 months now and the last thing I need is to feel threatened by other patients."
175879499,"That reminds me, I'm thinking of getting some plush cats, one's in memory of the cats I had. So a black one, a grey one, and an orange one. They can be a comfort thing until I get my real cat. Ooh and I found a sherpa lined weighted blanket on Amazon, that will take a bit of saving to get though."
175879500,Well that’s an interesting question? Also how do you tell between dream and reality as most of what happened in hospital I am not sure it even happened or was a dream.? they tell me i was quiet but i remember shouting
175879501,Good idea _AT_MENTION_ . I want to process it and deal with it but it’s really hard
175879502,I did art (drawing) therapy while in hospital. I felt it helped. Not sure about music therapy though. Never did that.
175879503,Ok excellent! It’s sounds like a really cool thing!
175879504,awww you must be in love with him then
175879505,Do you have siblings _AT_MENTION_? And are they understanding?
175879506,I was 162.2 lbs. yesterday. I was 161.0 lbs. this am. Doing good.
174324459,What a crying shame. Ive had the personal experience of that they want to see you “suffer” for a period of over 6 months to a year before they give you the diagnosis. It certainly was what happened to me. I was turned away on many of an occasion at the ER - just to be told i would get over it. It took the police’s involvement and a doctor asking why the bloody hell i wasnt treated sooner.
175879507,"I’m visiting the grandparents in Idaho, but I’m having bad facial skin issues lately and I’m embarrassed about my face. I don’t like family seeing my flaky dry face skin. What should I do?"
175879508,I was on it for over a year and I had no problems with prolactin.
175879509,Happy early birthday! Keep it easy.
175879510,It’s the anniversary of my ex partner s suicide on the 15th of August
175879511,_AT_MENTION_ Don’t you worry about getting robbed working nights at a gas station? I could never do that job.
175879512,Is there a sedating med you could take in lower dose that could help you sleep without other side effects? Maybe something like Quetiapine or Olanzapine?
175879513,"For a while I was not on the right medications because my particular symptoms, mainly delusions, were not really the typical kind. So when my psychiatrists asked me some questions to assess my mental condition, I was able to answer “no” to everything, so they thought I was alright. It was only when I started being bothered by the beliefs I had that I would bring it up, and then it became clear I needed to try a new antipsychotic. I’ve learned since then to guage myself by asking “would most people consider this belief too unusual to be realistic” and “is this belief too uncommon to be considered okay”. If the answer to either is “yes” then I tell myself it’s something I should mention to my psychiatrist. I then bring up these kinds of things whenever they happen at the beginning when I’m asked how I’ve been doing in general. This system of checking leaves me open to feel comfortable with beliefs I developed when I, for example, had a spiritual awakening in 2010, because the 
sorts of things I started believing them are shared by many people who are not considered psychotic. Sad to say but the more you are fitting in or “harmonizing” with the rest of society, the less mentally ill you are considered to be. Just my thoughts."
175879514,"I think they are taking me to North Korea to give me plastic surgery to turn me into the dictator when I turn 40. Then kill me 7 years after I’m “in office.” This supposedly happens to about 1000 people worldwide. I also think since I heard this all the people around me, including people I went to high school with have been killed and replaced by their clones. This is happening because even though I didn’t know I was seriously a terrorist."
175879515,It all means she loved me more than once. Her love was not death.
175879516,I’d probably stay on my meds. But as an alcoholic and vaper I’d probably drink and smoke before I bit the dust.
175879517,I keep getting urges to self-harm or slit my throat. How do you deal with those thoughts? And when there is a bus coming by I want to jump in front of it but I always try to stop myself from doing that. It kind of scares me and now I’ve been getting those thoughts constantly.
175879518,I didn’t mean to sound like I was snapping. Sorry.
175879519,"You can buy home enema kits at the drugstore. You add this special type of salts along with warm water, and I guarantee you’ll go within three minutes LOL The chocolate is exlax"
175879520,Mate. That really was scary and when you see the rise of the right in our modern world it’s hard not to think back to those dark times. Some decisions either way and the world would be a much different place. 1984 for real. I’m glad we avoided that mess!
174324464,"Sorry to hear you’re dealing with major hunger! I know the Zyprexa was causing it for you too, I was hoping the Loxapine would be different. Is it helping with your positive symptoms, I hope? I don’t have any advice for controlling your hunger, other than getting things like raw vegetables that you can eat a lot of for few calories. Three weeks ago, I started integrating a large bowl of raw veggies as a mid-afternoon snack since I am eating dinner later, and it really helps! I don’t know if that’s an option for you, if you like raw veggies, but it helps keep me full!"
175879521,At least some were fair like saying cocaine was with the devil. The sexual thing at the end I’m least happy with myself but I’ve gone too far now to take it out If I put it on YouTube I’d take it out Thanks everhopeful
175879522,"Hugs _AT_MENTION_. If you need to vent or talk, - We're here"
175879523,Morning having coffee
175879524,"My town has 100,000 people in it. I only know my family. Perhaps if it was smaller there’d be a better community that cares. Although I don’t do myself any favours"
175879525,Best of luck from me too.
174324462,"It thinks madness imply complete unpredictability and lose of touch with reality, schizophrenia follow some patterns it is not 100% unpredictable."
175879526,"i see people post about this long half life, yet the shot wears off for me about 3 weeks in. I believe that the majority of these claims of symptoms long after the shot is just somatising and blaming the med because no one wants to believe they’re as ill as they really are."
175879527,"Thanks for making a new one, we sure do talk a lot as per usual. Heh."
175879528,"You ok _AT_MENTION_ ? I just read your topic about it being ok to kill, and this one is talking about people criticising your every move. Hope you feel better soon"
175879529,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175879530,Note to Self #2 .) Don’t Respond to Minor Insults.
175879531,Yessss.... I love his Westworld stuff. This is such a great cover.
175879532,"Back to basics: Does _PERSON_’ refutation of “evil demon” stand up to scrutiny? You decide. en.wikipedia.org Evil demon The evil demon, also known as malicious demon and evil genius, is an epistemological concept that features prominently in Cartesian philosophy. In the first of his 1641 Meditations on First Philosophy, _PERSON_ imagines that an evil demon, of ""utmost power and cunning has employed all his energies in order to deceive me."" This evil demon is imagined to present a complete illusion of an external world, so that _PERSON_ can say, ""I shall think that the sky, the air, the earth, colours, shap Some ..."
175879533,This illness is terrible. You don’t know what is real or not.
175879534,"Hi _USER_ID_, I am sorry for what you are going through. Do you talk a lot or something? With the title of your post I would think you didn't. Especially if you have social anxiety. What is it that gets on people's nerves? Everybody has shortcomings. So you are no different than the rest of us. I don't understand why people would shun you. You seem nice to me. Maybe it is time to find new friends. People who accept others for who they are. I hope you have a good rest of the day. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175879535,"I would think you smoke less with cigars. With some antipsychotics, you have to be careful if you change how much tobacco smoke you get. It effects blood levels. It’s not the nicotine."
175879536,Me too! ......
175879537,Just never give up. You will get through it. Don’t give up hope on yourself.
175879538,image1536×2048 612 KB
175879539,"Not trying to trivialize your experience as that is certainly not my intent. But after reading what you wrote, it reminded me of how the church I grew up in taught us basically the same thing as you described: “God is all knowing and all powerful” “Be consumed by the holy spirit” and “Follow God’s word.” Can you talk to this entity? Perhaps you can say something to him to test and see if he’s evil (even though he will know what you are about to say). Or copy what they say to do when “cleansing” a home perhaps? That very well could free you. Just my thoughts on possible action to take. I am not experienced with this exact type of situation but I have been spoken to briefly numerous times in the form of just a few words… Since it’s been awhile that you posted, hopefully you have worked it all out and are doing well."
175879540,Wellbeing Space – 27 Mar 20 Disorders of thought Acknowlegement : the article source is Fish’s clinical psychopathology Classification of disorders of thinking: Disorders of the stream of thoughtDisorders of the possession of thoughtDisorde…
175879541,Hey _AT_MENTION_ could you perhaps make some plans with your friends other than something drinking-related?
175879542,Since i can remember i hated homework and my teacher used to tie my pencil to my desk because i always lost it.
175879543,Someone wasn’t nice to me and now I feel like I’m not supportive enough. I need hugs.
174324475,"Literally more colorful at times for me. When I have derealization, everything looks a little like a cartoon and much prettier. Honestly, it’s a more beautiful world than the one I share with the rest of the people."
175879544,"I can't open the lists so far, but of general interest is drug interactions. Cannabinoids may interfere with a variety of prescription meds | News Break"
175879545,"As long as I got gas in my car and a soda in my hand and the weather is nice, I don’t give a sh it whether there’s a meaning to life or not."
175879546,There’s a whole bunch of games on switch for under 1 dollar. Cheapest I saw was 5 cents for a game last night.
174324472,"I’m not sure why I wasn’t aware of them; maybe they just were the type of things that you’ll only notice when they’re suddenly gone, like I did. I don’t know what to attribute them to. They are like positive, negative, and weird “symptoms” mixed. The fact that all of them suddenly disappear , and then reappear together makes it strange in my opinion."
174324477,_PERSON_Holy _PERSON_) tea can give similar dopamine lowering effect.
175879547,"I’ve lost 7 lbs so far which is more weight than I’ve been able to lose myself in a looong time. But it has been disastrous for my sleep to the point where I am at my wits end and my symptoms are flaring up really bad. I’ve been doing it for like 2 months now with no sign of my sleep improving. I either cant fall asleep because I am too hungry or even if I am not hungry it gives me a surge of restless energy when I fast that prevents me from sleeping. Or, I fall asleep and wake up like clockwork in 3 hours time and cannot fall back asleep until my fast ends and I am able to eat. This is extremely inconvenient and taxing on me to where I’ve started giving up and just eating during my fast. I’m terrified of gaining the weight back I lost or continuing down my weight gain path. I want to make this work but cannot figure out how. Does anyone have any advice??"
175879548,"My psychiatrist said that three weeks ago, I kept giving a delayed response and seemed to have trouble concentrating, which she said was thought blocking. You might need meds."
175879549,According to the paper trail I’m about 19% Irish. Separating Irish and Scottish ancestry is hard though . FTDNA gives me 39% & Ancestry DNA 13%.
175879550,"I felt like that when I was 24 and 25. I embraced treatment, worked hard at it, and things are better. Now I’m 52 and loving my life. Have hope and be prepared to put in the effort needed for recovery (and effort IS needed, meaningful recovery has never and will never fall out of the sky and land next to you)."
175879551,Wait until you reach the point in life when you are closer to your death than your birth.
175879552,"fjrlk;t't.g,gtggpt-505-4gg;'g;g.gg,tprp4pfpr;gf;b'g.,g.ff1552×873 256 KB"
175879553,Checking out my next two classes....they look doable but each has at least 2 major projects so it’s going to get busy at the end. The profs look cool though....yay!
175879554,I wish I could go back in time to before 15 y.o.
174324469,"I was always hard to start working, but once I got started I dug in. I think most of my inertia came from sz. I’d put things off that would have been so much easier just to dig in and do them."
175879555,But you dont put your head underwater. Try hot shower instead to head
175879556,"That’s what we are here for. Support, no matter if you are up or down. Hope the med helps!"
175879557,"Evansville Courier & Press Coronavirus: Deaconess asks public to sew CDC-compliant face masks for staff Citing shortages, Deaconess Health System asked the public to sew face masks for staff fighting coronavirus. Does anyone here sew?"
175879558,Glad you met someone who appreciated you and took interest and care. You do so well I think. How incredibly difficult to lose ones mother. I don’t know how I will cope with such.
175879559,“Any way the wind blows…”
175879560,"Thank you, that is honestly why I joined in the first place, to know that i’m not alone. Excited to be apart of this forum"
174324476,"I dont broadcast my diagnosis - but niether am i ashamed of it. If someone asks what i do for a living, i just say im claiming benefits. Then i get the usual question of “you look ok to me?” - and then i tell them im Sz. If they dont like it tough. There have been occasions when they dont know what to say. Ive had the usual cliches of being known as dangerous and jekall and hyde blah blah. But once they get to know me and i bought them a pint - they seem to be more interested than scared. Bearing in mind - it usually happened in the pub - so i never expected an intelligent response anyway."
175879561,Or industrial ‘matrix’ tubs?
175879562,So I fell asleep finally after 2am and woke up at 7am. Five hours isn’t that great though for me. Especially seeing as it’s Saturday and I could afford to sleep in. I am adjusting to a higher dose of Latuda so that could be it. I just hope it settles down soon. I was getting anxious before so I switched to green tea from coffee and it’s helping my anxiety but not much else. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175879563,I had severe gambling on abilify and spent every single dollar I made on lottery tickets. I was on risperidone and used to drink beer every night due to stress and then I would pee myself. Stuff changes anything could happen people shouldn’t give up just because of the illness or the meds
175879564,Just be yourself. Thinking you’re the prime evil or prime good is just paranoia plus mania.
175879565,"Shower, it’s been a few days, and fiancée reminded me. Dishes, from goulash last night, which was a hit. _PERSON_, been slacking on it and I’m running out of clean pajamas."
175879566,Lets party fellow friends ’ No photo description available.600×508 66.9 KB
175879567,I am glad somebody got 5 mg Zydus prescription. That is currently the smallest dose they make.
175879568,"Precisely, which defeats the purpose of the epistemologically privileged standpoint _PERSON_ thought he had discovered."
175879569,"i like how you understand, but you deserve his attention."
175879570,"My seven minutes of fame: I was at the beach in my mid thirties with family and their friends. We played volleyball in the sand and afterward I noticed a crowd had gathered around the big cement stage on the beach. I was curious and went to check it out. Turns out there was going to be an amateur arm-wrestling competition. Anyone could enter and I was working unloading trucks at the time and I figured I was pretty strong so I entered. The officials gathered us contestants and explained the format and we waited backstage in line. It was finally my turn. I walked out to the middle of the stage. There was a table and a referee. I stood at the table and faced my opponent and we locked hands and the referee covered both our hands and on the count of 5 he let go and we wrestled. I lasted several seconds but the other guy won. It was the best of two out of three and I lost the second bout too. I really wanted to win but: oh well. I walked off to a smattering of applause and backstage they gave me a t-shir
t. It was like seven minutes onstage. Later, I went to play volleyball and set my shirt down in the sand and afterwards I went to get it but someone had stolen it."
175879571,"en.m.wikipedia.org _PERSON_ cognitive triad _PERSON_ cognitive triad, also known as the negative triad, is a cognitive-therapeutic view of the three key elements of a person's belief system present in depression. It was proposed by _NAME_ in 1976. The triad forms part of his cognitive theory of depression and the concept is used as part of CBT, particularly in _PERSON_ ""Treatment of Negative Automatic Thoughts"" (TNAT) approach. The triad involves ""automatic, spontaneous and seemingly uncontrollable negative thoughts"" about: Examples of ..."
175879572,It’s a nightmare for everyone.....
175879573,"Thus Reminds Me of _NAME_ Fairies… Hopefully Your Day at Work Was Better, _AT_MENTION_… . …"
174324485,My nurse said aripiprazole lowers it. I might be having to go on it.
175879574,"I think it break some unwritten laws, but as long as you’re a man and she’s a woman and you’ve been seeing each other regularly for some time it’s normal to be a attraction, so yes it’s normal to fantesize about her but not to tell her or make a move I think even therapists /psychiatrists are attracted to some pacients but we as human are attracted to a lot of people, we can’t help it. Hundred of milions of women were probably attracted to obama or fantesize about him but as long as they don’t act on it it’s all good We can have fantesies about people without wondering if it’s normal or not but to act on them in some situation might not be normal like the situation. You have. A boss can be attracted to a female coworker or vice verse but they don’t act on it so it’s good."
175879575,Yes. I Had Some Tea And Smokes Alone Looking Around The Room With Careful Eyes
175879576,Not having an episode now but I know stress was the reason back then and a lot of anxiety
175879577,"They told me I was a schizophrenicform or something like that, meaning I was either sza or sz. My symptoms are getting better though, I try not to feed Into the delusions"
175879578,"i think you could sell it, maybe just getting it framed and putting it on an internet site, you could make some good dosh, it looks good enough"
174324483,"oh yeah, I still take ativan when needed. But I’ve found the CBD works just as well, and is non-addictive and overall healthier for me. My pdoc and case manager are aware that I take CBD for anxiety when needed, so that’s fine. But I still take all my meds as prescribed – I’m not looking to replace CBD with any of that. Just use it as a supplement."
175879579,Did I kill roll call? The most recent post was 11 hours ago.?
175879580,Are people so blind they can’t see _NAME_’s ears lol
175879581,"Ok, sexiest man alive"
175879582,I'm gonna try to take a walk tomorrow. My agoraphobia has been getting bad. I keep trying and keep avoiding it.
175879583,Where did you find the support group?
175879584,A former heroin addict turned social worker said this to me about 15 years ago. (He helped me and I think he’s still doing well). His statement is something I’m rehearsing to myself because apparently I’m ‘not one to sit around and do nothing.’ (Words my old man said in my earshot about someone else - but could certainly be applied to me.) It’s the statement though that I want to focus on… I think it probably served me quite a bit! What do you think about it??
175879585,"i have social anxiety…im basically very quiet and have little to talk about…i get nervous about meeting extended family, and i feel nervous amd anxious now because my bubbily cousin from trinidad is coming to visit to introducen his new wife to the extended family my cousin is a larger than life character, able to talk alot and is quick witted…i dont like having to meet him, but i dont want to be rude/ignorant should i meet him and his wife? I think he wants to impress his new wife and that pputs me under more pressure…my extended family are all aware that ii have sz and have had depression in the past, but what im wondering is should i disclose the fact that i suffer from social anxiety? Should i meet my cousin and his new wife?"
175879586,"Klonopin can cause depression, right?"
174324481,"No need to take it daily, take occasionally like during workout days etc. Its a safe supplement to try out."
175879587,"Are you there…wave still isn’t answering me. Oh my gosh, wave still isn’t there."
175879588,"Hey, guess what"
175879589,yea i would be afraid of that too…
175879590,"I think the classic definition of a psychopath is someone who feels no empathy for anyone else. You don’t seem anything like that on this forum. The meds are partially responsible for making us antisocial. People who are medicated on AP’s has a tendency to end up as loners. Meds make us less motivated, and less up to be social and compresses our feelings I guess."
175879591,Thank you so much!!
175879592,_AT_MENTION_ Snap I said same
175879593,I have psychotic depression and I’m also on a very low dose.
175879594,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879595,Sorry you have to go back. Hopefully the week flies by and isn’t miserable for you.
175879596,Its good that you know a lot about keto though.
174324493,Thx for the reply Ive been taking Zyprexa for awhile. May need to go back on Haldol or Clozapine. Nice to hear from you my friend.
175879597,Are you using a phone or pc?
175879598,"My fear of sleep is improving. I'm just accepting that it's part of life, inevitable and a tool to keep my stability"
175879599,"For some reason, I'm hungry today. I shouldn't be. I've had like 900 calories already and I still haven't eaten dinner. Ugh. Days like this get on my nerves. I wonder if I am just bored?"
175879600,"Thank you for saying so, I cant do anything though, they have all the power. If i get emotional about it -bam, forces to stay another month. Or they will dismiss it and say im hallucinating, which i doubt i am, ive seen them be even more rude to other patients. These fking nurses got it easy, probably never worked a real day in their life. Act all upset when they have to do there damn job, bunch of children."
175879601,"I had visit with psychiatrist today. It was short, maybe about 15 minutes, so I did not say about my symptoms to much. I got prescription for the same meds as earlier: paroxetine (40 mg daily), chlorprothixene (15 mg), sulpiride (200 mg), olanzapine (5 mg). I think that the most beneficial effect of getting psychotropic drugs for me is lower sexual drive, weaker temptations against chastity (when I stopped to get paroxetine few years earlier, I might have larger libido). I suppose that olanzapine may be especially beneficial against immodest lust. But I want to not get meds at all because they may make me unable to drive a car (I have not driving licence and even did not try to make it despite I am above 27,5 years old). Lack of possibility of driving car appears to be really serious obstacle in finding a job Big Hole has somewhat “private” coincident meaning for me, so I do not want to write about it. I may think that Big Hole and Giant Egg are “cool”, “czad” (Polish colloquialism for 
something cool which literally means carbon monoxide, a toxic gas - it may be interesting why it is the word for something cool). In Big Hole encounter rock and rope can be found on the ground. These two words: have the same number of letters (four), have the same first letters (r ), have the same second letters (o). I also noticed something about one of most obscene words in Polish and English languages which is somewhat coincident with words “rock” and “rope” because these profanities have four letters and the same first letters, as words “rock” and “rope” (but first (and second) letters are different than in these two words). Both English and Polish words in pairs have the same meaning, there are two pairs of them. I might have thoughts that satan made the words so similar for me to give such a coincidence."
175879602,"There’s nothing here or anywhere to be concerned about, right?"
175879603,"It was from the finance book ‘Rich Dad,Poor Dad’ by _NAME_. He says: ‘Treat every dollar like an employee’. It was intoxicating for me for awhile. And It made me attempt what they NOW refer to as F.I.R.E or (Financial. Independence. Retire. Early.) I attempted it before it was a thing. Ironically my life got worse and worse. And then I blew a gasket. Nowadays I’m a changed man on this stuff. And apologized to my boss who lead a small isolated team where I had no conversation to bring to the table. This post is mostly for those starting out… balance and happiness are related."
174324495,I would try to reduce to 1 cup. You’re not supposed to have caffeine at all with schizophrenia and it might make you need more A.P.
175879604,"I honestly think if you have the money, it’s ok to buy the PS4. If you have any money left over you could make a small donation to a food charity."
174324488,aripiprazole (Abilify) asenapine (Saphris) cariprazine (Vraylar) clozapine (Clozaril) lurasidone (Latuda) olanzapine (Zyprexa) quetiapine (Seroquel) risperidone (Risperdal)
175879605,Do you think meds will extend your life or harms you and you lived a shorter life?
175879606,Does cognitive impairment hit at once I felt I was fine before like a year ago where it just started getting worse and hasn’t stopped
174324491,I use telepathy and mind reading and inserted thoughts. That’s in short my schizophrenic way to approach women. _PERSON_
175879607,2005 (my fourth time) to 2013 (my fifth time) = eight years Last time I was in was this past year Feb
174324489,"PubMed Sex differences in social functioning of patients with schizophrenia... For successful treatment of patients with schizophrenia, the discussed factors must be considered and schizophrenia treatment methods should be primarily aimed at improving social functioning."
174324484,"Volunteer: Family: Hey you know we won’t let you drive, have a girlfriend, or a place of your own but we’ll take you on yearly vacations and include you in everything going on with the family. Surely medical science can find a cure. Government- Glad you can work some. Why don’t you stay at home with your parents while you’re sick. We don’t want you spreading your disease around. Society- You occasionally meet a woman but as soon as she finds out your a volunteer then it’s bye-bye. Otherwise people ask you why you aren’t working, where’s your wife and kids, ect. Working On SSI: Family: My Mom took most of my earnings for expenses. I was still included in everything by my family and took some nice vacations. Government: Hey your working. See us every year for a checkup on your bank account, assets, and we hope you’ll realize it was your imagination after all. Society: One woman chases me around for a while and another becomes a “good friend” until I stopped working. People respe
cted me more. Going Back to School Family: My Doctor told me to take one class at a time. My Mom wanted me to work again. They were proud of my achievement, but after my Father died I began to have another breakdown. I still completed school with all A’s but the fact I was doing nothing else diminished the feat. I still was going to family functions. Government- They almost disqualified me as disabled (it’s your imagination) until I had the breakdown. I finally got an apartment but it was in a poverty stricken part of town. If I had kids the way the government would have treated me was to supposedly not punish the kids (better medical care for them than the parent but a substandard education basically) but to punish me for not working any longer. Since I didn’t I lived in a place far from the nearest store in a crime infested neighborhood. Since I was at school when I first moved there I didn’t qualify for any further assistance so I rarely spent any money. Society: Women started acting like I didn’
t exist. Unemployed Family: Sorry your sick again, and we love you but… . By the way we’d love for you to come for the latest family get together but it’s too expensive for us. Vacations happen 2 to 3 years apart to not at all. At first they help me a lot at the apartment but eventually Mom leaves town and they strongly encourage me to go to a group home. Government: All of a sudden the government becomes quite generous. I get food stamps and rent assistance. And Social Security has only called me one time since I had the breakdown. However the song is otherwise the same and medicaid covers very little of real medical problems other than the schizophrenia. Society: Your in the garbage pit baby. (I hope you guys have better experiences.)"
175879608,Pulling an all nighter. I have the quarterly inspection from Orkin tomorrow and need to be up early for it. That's what my panic attack was about earlier btw. I always get myself worked into a total breakdown from stress over stupid things like this then they always end up going just fine
175879609,No. Maybe oral.
175879610,"I have the urge to make coffee (yes, this late), but I’m going to have string cheese and grapes instead. Fancy."
175879611,"Well, they’re intrusive thoughts. Everyone has them, no one can control them. All we can do is control our response to them. Act like you don’t care that they’re there, and eventually, your brain will learn that it doesn’t actually need to alert you about every little unwanted negative thought (that’s the short version, mind you). The other problem here is that you seem to have some thought broadcasting. That’s a delusion. No one can read your mind. If others talk about intrusive thoughts that you’ve experienced, it’s not because they’re reading your mind, it’s because, again, nearly everyone has these thoughts. Shaking a baby, jumping off a bridge, crashing their car, stealing a bar of candy, calling someone a racial slur – all of these are some common thoughts and urges that people have, and trust me, there are many more. We can test it, if you like. If you’re comfortable, reply with an intrusive thought you have, and I’ll tell you whether or not I’ve experienced it or 
something similar."
175879612,There are sites for your hobbies and dating ones and one just for sex
175879613,Im in Canada… i get 1685$ rent is 800$
175879614,How’s it going being off of Invega Sustenna? Did you find that your weight decreased?
175879615,Yes this is exactly how to do that
175879616,Yeah plugged into a machine. I did it once a week for 11 years.
175879617,I defiantly get Disassociation especially with severe anxiety. Happened once and it is a weird continuous feeling of feeling detached.
175879618,"Yeah. You just tell us what you want, and we accept payment in the form of pictures of cats, fancy desserts, or outer space"
175879619,Some might say ive been delusional fot decades.
175879620,I was taking 300mg. Now i take 200mg
175879621,"Try to do something that makes you feel stable: a song you know from a time when you were stable, a movie that is also from a time you were stable. Work on it"
175879622,"Yeah, its the last year of “lower secondary school” in my country. I have to study all of these subjects: English, biology, Swedish, Finnish and literature, religious studies, social studies, health education, and chemistry."
175879623,Japanese Sencha green tea. Its like drinking happiness.
175879624,I think he’s a sincere person. Don’t know him personally.
175879625,I'm trying to move forward from it but it still scares the **** out of me 8 years later every time I try a new med or dosages are changed.
175879626,"I'm so much better I am in terms of negative symptoms (If that's what they are). Like I'm actually doing things now, consuming information and applying knowledge, understanding myself and world, being more social and talking more, able to watch full movies, working, making steps to becoming independent like learning how to cook and getting my drivers license, showering every 1-2 days and other general hygiene like brushing my teeth every day, doing chores every day, sleeping well, trying to take up new hobbies, no psychosis... I think it's mostly the Vyvanse and olanzepine on top of the bad trip 4 years ago. That's when I started getting better.. I'm going to tell my doctor this and see if he prescribes Dexedrine boosters for focusing on online courses. I just don't think he realizes how much better I'm doing - My psychiatrist said I could have 1-2 a day if the Vyvanse isn't enough so idk my doctor is getting annoyed with me wanting to change my meds."
175879627,"I’ll carry you barefoot, From the depths of thorns to The depths of the ocean. I’ll let your hair hang beneath my knee And your feet to dangle over my elbows, A sleeping child. You are not aware of anything that has happened to you, And you are certainly not tired; but I am. When my feet are stabbed with thorns Or when I’m attacked by a pack of wolves, You’re not aware; you are sleeping, and you will always be. But I don’t want to wake you up from this sleep, Because I don’t want you to see the desolation of this world. This world hates me, and it will certainly hate you, too. This world hates me because I have an illness, Because I have a disability, And I would certainly protect you from that ailment. So I will let you sleep. I will give myself drops of poison ivy And burn myself with a scalding iron should anything touch you, It is my duty to protect you and I will gladly do it so. You are my soul, my rock, and my peace; It is my duty to save you from harm and I would gladly do it so
. When the world carries out knives and forks to stab me, And when they bring out the scalding iron over my skin, It is my body who hurts in agony, not you; Certainly the world hates me, but I will not let it hate you. You are my soul, who deserves to be freed when I die; It is my duty to save you from harm and I would gladly do it so."
175879628,"I understand that some themes are not allowed here for a reason. While I would be ok to discuss them myself, I understand that I need to think the elses too. So yeah, sorry about that."
175879629,"I’m on 1 mg of ativan, and I take it as needed"
175879630,_PERSON_ y’all trump is starting his ban on tik Tok within 72 hours the news says.
175879631,How was your appointment today _AT_MENTION_ ?
175879632,Yes you have a very nice smile
174324494,"Do you mean clairvoyant? No. I think people with schizophrenia are prone to delusions and this is clearly one for you. You post a lot about sensing energy or being psychic, Its the illness, not reality."
175879633,I’m sure your diagnosis isn’t all in your head I hope you can find a better doctor who actually listens to you It’s a hard situation you’re in but I promise you can make it through. You’re worth so much more than you know
174324498,"Speciality Medical Dialogues – 28 May 19 Female sex hormone estrogen -- A potential new treatment for... The female sex hormone estrogen may be a potential new treatment for schizophrenia, suggests recent research. The study, presented at the American Psychiatric Association (APA) 2019 annual meeting found that the..."
175879634,"Its hard, I had to fall very deep before waking up and getting out of the hole."
175879635,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879636,PM me if you want to talk about it
175879637,"Pics from ride. Attached Images 20200726_063336_HDR.jpg (274.0 KB, 8 views) 20200726_061341_HDR.jpg (431.8 KB, 11 views) 20200726_051437_HDR.jpg (236.9 KB, 8 views) 20200726_063642_HDR.jpg (231.9 KB, 8 views)"
175879638,i pace back and forth a lot… either that or i’m rocking on my chair…
175879639,"When I was a liar (I’m not at all anymore), I used to lie about my name, age, DOB, address, profession, marital status, income, heritage, family background, etc…etc… My husband was a criminal so it was necessary to lie about everything."
175879640,Here’s my humble apartment and desk
175879641,What were you getting rehab for? Can you quit without rehab?
175879642,eternity with missing points/periods in time lol…jk.
175879643,I don't. I'm so bad about taking mine. I only manage maybe a third of the time. I need to do better!
175879644,I’ve heard of it.
175879645,"So I tried something new for a workout. I did two 1-mile exercises where one exercise I walked and the other I ran. The walk exercise is below: image1920×1159 395 KB The run exercise is below: image1920×1219 425 KB As you can see, there is about a 6-minute difference in time, higher average speed, more burned calories and higher average heart rate."
175879646,Try seroquel it might help or zeprexa for sleep
175879647,"Got any cures for a common cold? I don’t feel sick, it’s just a nuisance."
175879648,That’s funny
175879649,sounds like its time to go back on meds again. I thought I had this licked and stopped meds for 3 years. its all came back again when I was diagnosed with cancer. from your symptoms sounds like yours is creeping back
175879650,You can buy an electromagnetc detector for cheap. I did it when psychotic.
175879651,I haven't. I'm gonna read a bit of the book I'm reading on my phone and then I'll read 1984 (It's paperback) after. It will give me a distraction or just open my mind up to help me understand the world a little bit more - Either way is good. Why are you surprised that I haven't read it? Is it a common book that many have read? I guess it is because my sister had to read it for high school. I never read it in high school though..
175879652,"I’ve been to meetups. I haven’t done a lot since moving because I’m dealing with the transition. I still talk to my brothers and my friends from _NAME_ but I don’t know a lot of people here in CA. Haven’t talked back since the time I posted, it helps keep things quiet so it’s probably the best option."
175879653,"SP, I was coloring a polar bear Christmas page today"
175879654,"I’ve been there before. Especially when I used to sleep for 14 hours and had real difficulty hearing alarms. Felt like a zombie and that I was wasting most of my time not doing anything. But sleep is a requirement. All animals sleep. Its not something you can just opt out of. My suggestion to you would be to get an alarm and set it so you have 9-10 hours of sleep a night, but still can get on with your life as much as possible. If you are doing more with the day time, I think you’ll probably find sleep more useful as you need it to recover energy."
175879655,"I was on the Haldol LAI for about seven or eight years. I have no problem with an LAI, but I absolutely hate typical antipsychotics. They make me feel horrible. Geodon and Seroquel have been really great med’s for me. They’re atypical antipsychotics. Some people have a hard time with Seroquel, but I have heard nothing but good reports on Geodon."
175879656,Yeah too right. Your cubby hole - or what i call my man cave lol. I used to even miss my monthly depot jab - cos i would be too stressed out to be seen in public down the road. Thats why i have it at home now. Im happy on my own too. Its less stressful - and if i wanna chat i can just go see my nieghbour without goiing out the building.
175879657,congratulation to my preetiest friend in this dark road … best of wishes…
175879658,This is probably why Social Security doesn’t review me to see if I’m still disabled. I only fill out a two page questionnaire. I haven’t done one in four years or so.
175879659,I’m so sorry you feel that way. It’s really painful to be rejected. We like having you here though so you’re not rejected by us! You have no reason to be rejected. People might also just be self-absorbed when they don’t say high or talk to you. It happens all the time. I’ve been so lost in thought as a teen that people were yelling my name to say hi and I never heard them. So even if you say hi they may not without it being a true rejection.
175879660,"Ok, thank you"
175879661,ah yea that is good
175879662,"woah awesome, those sound cool, good taste on art work. I just wish i can take something so it doesnt hurt so much. why does it hurt so much. Is there anything i can take before i get another tattoo so it doesnt hurt that much."
175879663,Green tea pure version try. It gives mental alertness and thus useful for cognition. It contains caffeine and L theanine which balances each other to give nice nootropic effect.
175879664,"It’s so alien but I feel free somehow, like I could just float away"
175879665,"That certainly 'feels' right. Thank you very much for this insight into my friend's behavior. My schizoid friend (and the people here) are teaching me how to be a friend--I've told him as much. Yeah, it's kinda late to be learning that but, you know, I think I'm only lately beginning to actually learn how to learn . We don't, I think, actually even LEARN TO LIVE until quite late in the game. Or maybe it's just me because my ability to relate to others was thwarted by my control-freak mother. I'm socially stunted, hence much of what I do is, at best, unique and, at worst, a grotesque caricature of human behavior Those who live past thirty seem to have accrued some sort of Golden Age Pollen Baskets from which they draw during the subsequent barren decades. I know a lot of people who live from the contents of their 'baskets' for a long time, when there are no flowers as far as the eye can see. Sometimes we can even begin to question whether the flowers we remember having seen really were there. But, I 
assure you they were. It is, in fact, ONLY the flowers that were real. The bleak expanse of urine-smelling gum-encrusted concrete which we think is all around us now is simply a trick of the mind--that perpetually negative drag on who we really are. We don't go through life with rose-tinted glasses. We go through life with s**t-covered glasses that blind us to and make us feel hopeless in a world of infinite possibility. Recently, I remembered having re-learned how to walk. After my suicide attempt at age 13, I was in traction in the hospital for 3 months, supine. Couldn't sit up in bed for more than a couple seconds without feeling nauseous. Thought I'd never be able to sit up again. And having to re-learn how to walk. Anyone who has ever done that should be able to tell you how infinitely hard it is. Walking is an extraordinarily complex activity--something harder than anything on almost everyone's resume. Yet a lot of people do it. Human beings are capable of much, much , MUCH more than most of us ever ach
ieve. Yet, for some reason, instead of no-holds-barred trying, we waste our minutes, our days, our years, our decades wondering whether X or Y is possible . And then we die, never having tried. How do I want to feel as I lie there, with life slipping away? Will I be able to say to myself, ""Well, at least I did everything in my power to get through _NAME_ Concrete Mathematics .""? Or, will I say, ""If only I had tried, instead of spending so d*** much time on eBay. Every day a little. Every day a teeny amount. Every day...""? That is what I mean by 'pollen basket'. Anyone out there with any fire still in 'em has a 'pollen basket'. To me, from your posts here, you have a lot of fire, a lot of passion and creativity. Does it happen that, when left to your own devices, you habitually deflate into a depressed state? Would it help if you got more encouragement from people here? Is 'normalcy' really what you'd like? Or could it be something more specific , more special, more brilliant, and far, far, FAR more person
al than 'normalcy', while simultaneously being something that almost no one but you would value. Are you familiar with manifestation? Envision with lifelike clarity and as many senses as possible the specific thing you'd like to happen. It works. _NAME_ (the Renaissance painter, not the mutant ninja turtle) died when he was 37. If, as I am, you're over 37, your time is already up . 'Exponentially...unlikely'? Hahaha!!! It's too late. It's over. The judges have all gone home . It's just you, an empty world, and limitless time. So... Since you're already dead , what do you REALLY wish you had done? Make. It. Happen. Deep down, you know you can do it. Just say f*** it to all your billion habitual negative thoughts. If you're anything like me, you have a litany of them learned by heart from your mother and have been dragging them around all your life. Well, they've never served you well and it's time to give them the heave-ho. Hope isn't corny at all. It is what keeps most people alive. Few can claim such a troph
y, including most neurotypicals. You really are a freak! He described his online forum interactions as tolerable because he can pretend he's not interacting with real humans but instead with a computer resembling _NAME_ from the movie, 2001: A Space Odyssey . But, at this point, he can't deny that I'm a real person. So, I am wondering whether he might be able to experience emotions vicariously through our correspondence. It would be far too personal and direct for me to ask him this. I'm having trouble imagining what you've described . Would you be able to give an example please? My friend has said that, in high school, and nowadays on the rare occasions when he interacts with people in person, he automatically adopts a persona appropriate to the occasion. According to him, this happens unconsciously, and these masks he has will have been culled from mimicking people he's met. -:- -:- -:- For the past 14 1/2 days, I've taken user nyoten's advice, below. I do it expecting nothing, but have been more productive 
than usual in the past few days. The original thread is here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Schizoid/comments/bj3l6u/what_works_well_for_you/ The 'Meditation, specifically this one' is _PERSON_ guided meditation, here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxgD9En6Vso Code: Select all nyoten 4 points · 3 months ago Said this multiple times here and will continue saying it: Meditation, specifically this one, 2 x 15min a day Nothing has come close to its effectiveness, exercise, diet, drugs, sleep, etc all help but this was the single most effective thing I did and the closest thing to a 'cure' for me. I highly recommend it to everyone here. Seriously I don't even know why or how its so effective; it doesn't make any sense to my logical brain but my anhedonia, apathy, lack of energy etc. and all related problems just seemingly evaporated after doing this seriously for a couple months Why not try it? Expect nothing. Just follow the instructions. Posture is very important."
175879666,I just have a strong sense of guilt when I offend people because I felt like I have become one of my abusers. I just feel awful I hope he forgives me. I am sorry…I didn’t mean to. I was just trying to suggest. I guess I should just shut up…
175879667,"I have three chronic medical conditions and another one which I don’t know if will be chronic yet. I’m on three daily meds for three different conditions. I also recently had acute appendicitis. But I work out a lot and I’m not overweight. My physical health is not the best considering my young age, but it could be worse."
175879668,Sorry to hear your story. How old did you start your med? How long does it take to get your voice under control?
175879669,"Oh man, that is scary"
175879670,"So. My Ultimate Goal is To Withdraw Medications. There is a Sleeping Ghost Inside of Me Waiting Patiently to See The World Through My Birth Given Eye’s. I’d Be Lying if I Said Medication Doesn’t Help. Ideas of Reference||| Paranoia||| Fear||| And Suicidal Tendencies But!., 99% of All The Negative Mentioned, is Caused From My Environment. But!, With All That Said, I Am On The Precipice of Internal/External Freedom. So. It Will Be Hanging on The Balance When That Freedom Arrives. Will it Be Worth it to Perhaps Lose All That I’ve Spent So Long Patiently Working For. All to Jump Back Into My Original Skin. Once Again, 99% Blame is on Environment. I Am Armed to The Teeth With Skills to Manage Any, And Everything, That Decides to Cross My Pathe. In Any Harmful Way. I Am Thinking of Considering More Natural Remedies. More Healthy Ways to Consume. And Leave All The Negative Weight on Artistic Creativity. Instead of Being Locked Up And Sent Away. For Reasons Still Unknown. Sometimes Your Only Friend 
or Friends Are Secret Enemies. And Commonsense Owns That Last Statement. Not Paranoia. But I Am Almost Finished With Endless Worry. My Sleepless Nights Are Great Ways to Find Pure Focus Back Into My Original Element. Afterall, I Am For Certain a Night _PERSON_. But As I Grow Older, I Have Fallen in Love With The Sun. And Even Received Some Colour. Not The Pale Ghost I Once Was. Although, I Miss That Guy. Fall in Line They Say. Conform They Say. Do it Like How We Would, They Say. Obey They Say. And in The End My Anger And Retribution Slowly Fades. As I Learn That Jealousy Could Be One of The Most Deadliest Sins. So. Advice to Anyone Reading My Comments. Be Yourself. And Give Thanx. N e Hoo. If You Can’t Hold Your Feet on The Ground as You Dream. Then Maybe Medications Are Your Only Options. For Whatever it’s Worth… . …"
175879671,Finally got 2 hrs. Oh well.
174324501,"Things that are no big deal for people are a huge deal for me. Taking shower and dressing is a big thing , doing exercise too. All my activities are a big deal to me and can take a lot for me to do them. People don’t like me mainly and can behave badly to me even without saying anything nasty it’s their energy and mannerism to me that is not ok but there’s so many of them and I feel tied up in invisible restraints n uncomfortable so what can I do in self defence? Nothing but avoid them as much as possible. I avoid most people. I spend most of my time in bed . Sometimes I stare at the wall but not so often last few years I’ve been better and able to watch tv. I used to feel attacked by the people on tv so I refused to watch tv. Some people are easy to watch some are difficult. I have no goals of working or studying. I’m happy to keep doing what I’m doing. Maybe in the future I might add a extra activity if I want and can but not now. Work is to difficult as I can’t stand being around m
ost people and believe I have no superiors but don’t think I’m superior either. I volunteer work a couple of hours. My manager doesn’t talk down at me unlike most people. If she did I couldn’t work with her. She tells me what needs to be done and I tell her if I can or can’t do it but usually I can /want to too. I wear the same clothes three days perhaps but shower daily and change underwear daily. I brush my teeth every day too but don’t floss every day. Want to start. Hopefully can make myself do it."
175879672,"Bought a new phone, some fiber supplements, phone stuff to make this phone last forever, screen protector and stuff, and a book. Now reading. Man these threads have a thrusting forward will of their own!"
175879673,"Here and there in my life, I’ve gone through periods of a few years back to back when my life was really hard. At the moment, my life is relatively sweet, however."
174324512,"This may be a lame question , but I wonder how much the decision to try cannabis can be down to peer pressure? That,of course requires having a social network. Whether it’s a good social network is another matter. Even when younger,way before overt signs of mental illness I had no friends… Truth is I’ve never had much of a social network . Therefore I’ve never had very much peer pressure. That contrasts with my brother who had rather more of a social network. He’s become a little more withdrawn since the psychosis, but still can make friends. Admittedly some of his ‘friends’ in the past would be better classified as people who used him. My brother has done drugs. I never have. The difference could be less the propensity for addiction,but the differing level of social network."
175879674,"What can I say Haldol is the best, no hallucinations, works fast. If I have psychosis I go to the emergency room and ask for Haldol. But my doctors want me on new generation aps so that’s not what I take. You’re lucky."
175879675,It generally can. They have this cool thing called The Scientific Method.
175879676,I know what my purpose is in life. I just cant get back to it because my brain broke. Yes I am very troubled by this. It consumes me
175879677,"I totally understand and completely relate to what you’re saying, these same things happen with me and all I end up doing is get upset about it. Even ignoring doesn’t help and when a lot of people do it at the same time, it gets a bit frightening."
175879678,"I know, am I missing something here? Was someone blocked or removed in some of these posts and that’s why it doesn’t make sense? Maybe it’s the weed talk getting to me!"
175879679,Nice. I take Invega _PERSON_.
175879680,"So I have decided to start doing some yoga. I’ve heard such positive things about it and thought why not? I would love to combine exercise with relaxation. Would maybe help my anxiety etc. So downloaded a book on yoga postures and starting to do warm up postures. Will want to stick with these for a few days and maybe add another few easier postures. One day and I can feel my leg and back muscles stretching. Wow will take it easy. My ritual prayers are similar to some yoga postures too and now I’ve started today to concentrate on my breathing it’s helped not only with yoga but also my prayers. I hope to keep up with these practices. I sincerely hope my avolition problem will not cause me to give up! Anyone else do yoga? I think _AT_MENTION_ says she does. If so, how has it helped you?"
175879681,Yes I did.
175879682,Super cool...my mom was training to be a physical _NAME_ teacher...horseback riding was one of the things back then...
175879683,I ca t even feel alcool or cigarettes
175879684,Easy for you to say. I can't even get myself out of bed in the morning.
175879685,a half of a 750 ml bottle is only 2 glasses but every day is too much. why are you anxious? do you really want to have a dependency? _AT_MENTION_. medicating yourself can be a problem. any problems with it so far if you delay gratification for a couple hours? See your pdoc for a med change. Talk over this desperation with him or her. Why are you desperate right now?
175879686,I don’t as many physical symptoms for me is more intrusive thoughts you know thinking the worst may happen. Have you visit your dr ? I recently went to my dr to check my vitamin D levels since they were too low it was also making me depressed or so she told me...I didn’t know this
175879687,Chrysler 300. It looks so classy Screenshot_20200522-084019_Google1080×556 300 KB
175879688,"It is not difficult. I use the carb manager app and can plan and register my meals a couple of days in advance. Carb manager measures my carbs, fats and protein intake to a high degree. There are plenty of online shops providing specialist low carb food, but cheaper is the raw basics. I am hardly ever hungry on keto even though I am on a 1500-1600 daily calorie restriction. I went onto keto easily enough, have suffered no extra fatigue or “keto flu” so far. Keto seems to suit me, but i am not going to do it long term."
175879689,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ hopefully you have a better evening
175879690,Typical americans see schizophrenics as _NAME_ in joker.
175879691,Are there flowers ?
175879692,I am here but may need to get back to you as I am exhausted due to my schiz.
175879693,If I was going on a date I’d pretend to be younger And thinner and better looking Till they got to know me.
175879694,I wholeheartedly agree! You need to tell your pdoc
175879695,Been listening to and watching this (off and on) for five hours (turn the sound ON !): https://imgur.com/gallery/hP86BWL Something's terribly wrong with me
175879696,It's just so dead today. I posted in roll call like 2 hours ago and no one said anything.
175879697,I can’t tolerate it anymore. It’s a spiritual war
174324511,Before schizophrenia I was schizoid and before that I don’t remember anything that is my life
175879698,I could never be sure he loved me. He just wasn’t that stable. And Mom was too busy hating herself to even notice me. I guess I’m still just looking for sympathy. It’s like I need to tell someone why I’m not normal.
175879699,_PERSON_ birthday today.
175879700,_AT_MENTION_ was a great poet.
175879701,There’s a looooot mucus in the coughs. I scared the hell out of myself last night because I started choking on it
175879702,"I posted that, even independent of it being true or false, it would frighten me to think there would be an evil creator. More so than no creator at all. I didnt want to start a religious discussion here though, so i removed it, because i think that wont help oulabi. So i dont want to debate anything."
175879703,"Hi, When I wake up in the morning everything is fine but as the progresses I start to feel extremely tensed, too much anxiety. The only way out of this mental state is reading forums. Thread after thread, post after post. I start at approx. 6pm and continue surfing the web till about 11:30 pm. Then I go to sleep. The same problem occurs the next day. Which mental disease is this ?"
175879704,Thank you very much _AT_MENTION_ !
175879705,"I was pretty far in the city. I slept outside a bus station and would then sleep in the station in the morning it was open. I luckily had money in my savings account so I was able to eat. I however lost my wallet and somehow still travelled a state over deep into Maine. I don’t remember how I got there and then slept in my old boss’s barn. My parents then somehow by luck called the right place and then picked me up and took me home. It took another 2 years before I started meds though, as no one really took care of me when I was psychotic just kind of let me wander on my own through life"
175879706,I knew you could do it. I’m so proud of you for NOT giving up!
175879707,"https://litfl.com/ketoacidosis/#:~:text=ketoacidosis%20is%20a%20high%20anion,a%20state%20of%20increased%20ketogenesis."
175879708,"Hope you get your sleep, i know how it is, Pm me If you want to talk more about it."
175879709,I always find the intiial few weeks to a few months I am fine until I start getting paranoid. I guess as my job is still open I can do that part-time (less than 15 hours) whilst studying. But its building up the courage to go back. Also I agree with you a job placement would be perfect and will also give me some experience that employers look for.
175879710,Wow urs is amazing I’m currently making a large one granny square blanket 20210314_2025234248×5664 2.84 MB
175879711,"I’ve done a lot of drinking, and I would say it does both. Of course, I drank insanely for a long time."
174324506,"If I got kicked off disability it would be hell, at first, when the med’s were leaving my system. I’d have to get off the med’s because the only kind of work I can do is outside work, and the med’s mess up your body temperature regulation mechanisms. I would be eating out of trash cans for a while. Oh yeah, I have food stamps. When I got off my med’s it would be anybody’s guess as to how I would be. When I got off my med’s in the past I experienced intense anger. I probably would again. I keep reading things in people’s faces that probably aren’t there. I will think a look from somebody means that they are going to put me on the street, or that they’re going to have the police arrest me. I think people’s facial expressions on tv are about me and my situation. There is a very good chance I would get physically sick on the street. Maybe, once I got past the initial trauma I’d be okay, but I doubt it. I never have been okay in the past."
175879712,Ive semi-skimmed read this thread but Woah - BAD IDEA. You still got invega in your system - but i reckon once that goes you will be entering into a relapse if your not careful. Tried CBD myself - but as others have said its snake oil. “If it aint broke - why fix it!?” - your drugs were working and keeping you stable - i assume - so why in the hell do so many people think coming off there Aps is a Good Idea? - Its one of those things on this forum that i will never understand.
175879713,I feel this way too. I wish I had answers.
175879714,_AT_MENTION_ please take the Zyprexa you were prescribed by the doctor. You are not well.
175879715,Who would they have if it weren’t for you?
175879716,I love that! Yes coffee is sacred at my house too I go thru a large can every week. It’s must have staple
175879717,_AT_MENTION_ which homiopathic medicine did you take …Can you name them … I know few … I suffer a lot from negative and cognitive symptoms… have you tried supplement like sarcosine l theanine etc…
174324507,"My mood was awful for 2 hours, now it’s gone. What if I am schizoaffective as my first psychiatrist had told me?"
175879718,"Even more reason why I should feel I may go to hell, because I have maybe created fear in them too."
175879719,Depends on how much you like having your social options and personal freedoms curtailed. I wouldn’t advise this. 50% of my day is the fight to use my inside voice and not tell people what I actually think of them. Or what I think should be done to them.
175879720,Never mind if it doesn’t make any sense to you. I’m going to bed now anyway. Good night.
175879721,Are your voices mood congruent? Mine change depending on how i feel.
175879722,I can tell myself the visual and auditory are just chemicals in my brain messing up but when hands start grabbing me and things brush against my legs I loose my s**t and start panicking.
175879723,"That's right! Shopping! Yeah, I love shopping! Going on my list. Thanks SP"
175879724,Yeah. I’m sure my book was an eye opener!
175879725,Vitamin D thanks
175879726,Probably. You say you’re good with math and science.
175879727,I’m down to 1 cup. I just can’t seem to handle coffee.
175879728,flowers2_PHONE_NO_
175879729,Ask your pdoc about polypharmacy or taking multiple AP’s or even older AP’s. Don’t give up!
175879730,"for me it’s not wanting to die, just this life is too hard. In ER they said, nope, not admitting you."
175879731,I just qualified for disability. I’m 32 years old. I’ll make around $600 per month. I live at home with my parents. I just feel like days are longer now. I don’t have much of a routine and really fell out of a lot of hobbies. Anyone else have trouble passing time?
175879732,I wonder what’s causing your psychosis
175879733,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324508,"I feel really isolated and alone that no one believes me about this. The pdoc is not the answer people, I am not unduly paranoid, I have never hallucinated faces in my life. Just because your schizophrenic dosent mean everything’s an hallucination, I feel that’s self discramatory. I don’t want to argue about it because where would that get us"
175879734,I had a lot of delusions over my years since sz. Some I believed in more emphatically than others.
175879735,"A LOT of recalling past memories, recalling what the voices said and analyzing everything iv been through. I only get tiny clues that it wasn’t real but I hold onto them like their gold dust. To be honest I’m still 50/50 about it being real. Just haven’t got that concrete confirmation yet but I have a lot of reasons (finally) to say it wasn’t real"
175879736,The ‘r’ word is an outdated term laden full of hate and ignorance. Is not a nice word and any reasonable person should realise it
175879737,mom - sz dad - ocd
175879738,"I decided to smoke weed after my panic attack. Helps a lot with benzo. I should just take what my doctor prescribes but most don't they drink alcohol, pop a percocet, take an extra benzo, an extra stimulant, take more opioids than they need to, extra coffee, cigarettes.. idk.. Relationships? Those are one hard substances"
175879739,"My ex and I went with our friends to her and her Aunt’s Birthday party at her parent’s house out in the country. We hung out mostly outside, listening to music and talking. We had fried chicken and veggies and of course cake and ice cream for dessert. There were kids there so I got to play some with the kids. All in all it was a good time. I just wish I would have brought my sweater, I got awfully chilly."
175879740,My paternal grandma read tea leaves. She was very good and did it professionally when she needed money back in the war days. She was a lovely woman but she read people better than she read tea leaves. That’s the game. A good psychic reads people and tells them what they want to hear. As an aside she had the same birthday with my grandpa. What he didn’t know till later was she was 10 years older than him. Gotta love my tea reading grandma. She knew how to play the game but was an absolutely special person. Even with no money she’d give it all away and tell you that you spend it on yourself. Amazing woman.
175879741,It really helps having something you enjoy doing in the morning…
175879742,"Yes, it sucks… The worst thing (for me) is not the psychotic episodes, i feel at least alive, the worst is the numbness, the lack of goals, and all the losses that (often) comes with SZ. No wife, kids, job, deteriorating cognitive skills. I try to tell myself to appreciate the small things in life - a cliché - and sometimes i succeed, but mostly not."
174324509,"I was watching ‘Lost’ in college I think and remembered _PERSON_ from high school and kept thinking and googling about schizophrenia and thinking how lucky I was not to have it and how it sucked and glad it wasn’t me kind of thing. I couldn’t even understand it and comprehend the wikipedia article. It felt and looked like magic like how the ???? could someone hallucinate something and think it’s real when it’s not? Turns out I ended up severely ill in college and dropped out pretty fast because I had insight, couldn’t stay with the courses, was failing, and was stressed. I looked up the pictures of the ‘lsd cat’ artist and it just clicked. For some reason, I thought I had acute stress disorder from a ‘Men in Black’ type negative encounter; NDE from a bad trip; and a possible and probable grey/reptilian/Illuminati encounter for lack of a better word. I didn’t even remember or know until years later. I just had a hunch it was like mk-ultra or some mind control thing because I 
always thought I had strong genetics, the circumstances were fishy, my memory was off, my symptoms were atypical, and things just didn’t seem right or click to me. I was always suspicious. I had a hard time thinking one could get severe insanity from pot but then again I smoked a strong strain 10 years ago, smoked _USER_ID_, and stuff. One therapist said I had brain damage from synthethic marijuana but I have no memory. I doubt it. But I was in a different state of mind. You never know. I wouldn’t touch that stuff in a million years now. I get dreams where I’m talking to people in past lives in parallel universes and it’s dark and I’m sitting in a chair in an unknown location. It feeds my delusions now. I’m convinced that I can create wormholes with my head/mind and it’s locked away like _NAME_ Criton from ‘Farscape’. Maybe technology or aliens are the only ones that can unlock it. Maybe they built a time machine in my head that is causing an infinite causal time loop where I go back in time 
via consciousness transfer and restart my life over and over again with a shitty unknown form of psychosis and unanswered questions that plague me for eternity. I’m stuck in the year 2011 at the earliest and 2013 at the latest. 2012 is kinda blurry and missing but I just was at home I guess sick or hospitalized but I don’t know much maybe I was inside the simulation or escaped the simulation. Do we still live in a simulation or did we escape it in 2012? I don’t know? Why do I care so much? Does it even matter? My symptoms are okay right now except the part I smell like a homeless person, my breath and teeth are bad, and my room reeks"
174324517,Nobody hates you we’re all just schizophrenic so our paranoias clash at times. I’m pretty sure a few members dislike me. But I don’t think anyone hates you _AT_MENTION_
175879743,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ 72113373_2553949421492119_6789977471136563200_n720×720 78.1 KB
175879744,Not sure whAt you mean by that the majority of schiz dont work. They still dont feel well and have problems dealing with stress even on medication
175879745,I constantly have to fight the thoughts that people hate me and are talking about me behind my back. I often wonder why my friends are pretending to laugh at my jokes and what their hidden agenda is in pretending to be my friends. I know it isn’t logical but I can’t help thinking it. It makes it hard to keep up the maintenance of true friendships.
175879746,Hope you feel better soon. I’m just getting over the ick after a week! My husband ended up on abx for his sinuses/ears.
174324522,"im sorry but i felt like what you saying resonated with me.people think im an actor or that people think im a smartass.but the think is i grew up in many different countries and suburbs,i come of sounding crazy.but its just my language and my mental ilness that make people think that way."
175879747,That’s great! I hope you enjoy it!
175879748,I ran from the cops but there was this undercover cop that came from now here and threw me in the ground
175879749,"A friend and I put a SC on a 2000 mustang gt in my garage. This is one of my big life accomplishments actually. If I ever interview again and they ask me about ‘obtaining a goal I set for myself,’ this will be brought up. I’d like to own another mustang someday, but _NAME_ will be bankrupt by the time I get around to it."
175879750,"That made me laugh a little too. lol. Hey, where’s your cut of the profits? You should be pissed! _USER_ID_ sorry if insensitive _USER_ID_"
175879751,"Thanks for explaining that, it gives me hope that I still have some of my abilities. I don’t want to waste my intelligence any more, I still have my whole life to live"
175879752,I see what you mean _NAME_ thx
175879753,"After the Governor’s announcement, I got an appointment for April 1st. I texted my case manager if she would take me, and that’s when she told me they were giving them out Thursday at my care provider."
175879754,I try to keep up with friends. Know how they're doing. Check up on them every so often. I do have friends but not many outside the internet.
175879755,I think you actually need an IQ test !
175879756,"I don’t think this is it, boss."
175879757,"I eat like elephant,and only on 10 mg’s.Gained 11 kg in two months.But it’s worth it…"
175879758,"I read an article that said the corporations are going to do more and more of their business on the internet in unbreakable code. Because of that the government won’t be able to tax them, and being thus deprived of funds the government would shrink to a much smaller size. This whole scheme makes me very uneasy. Governments have much better checks on their behavior than the corporations have. Some governments are corrupt now, but with the free press and the drive towards increased democratization in societies world wide governments can be kept in check. The corporations have many fewer checks on their behavior, particularly if they’re conducting most of their business in unbreakable code on the internet."
175879759,"(I know it’s hard because I’m discussing unusual beliefs of a religious nature, but please let’s not turn this into a religious discussion). Additional disclaimers: This is more speculation and half-hearted belief than a full-blown discussion, but there is always a chance it could escalate further. In this model I’d be the only “person”, the Christ archetype, “tempted” by the devil into embracing a make-believe universe populated by other people. Religious texts are the product of the unconscious negotiation between the devil and I. I havent’ hallucinated any of this, or claim to have received a “revelation”. My would-be-beliefs are the end product of a long chain of reasoning. What do you think? Delusion or a harmless metaphysical thought experiment?"
175879760,I wish it was warm and I had a deck to sit out on and talk to a friend about things. I'm going to tell my friend from the psych ward this.. she'll understand.. I just cherish the simple life things.. thinking deeply..
175879761,Oh whoa that’s cool
175879762,"man, I would probably lose all I’ve gained if I quit my meds again…never for me…I like my meds…no side effects…happy !!"
175879763,Was he real? Or was he imaginary?
175879764,I was hoping you were happy and doing well ?
175879765,"Positive reinforcement, empathy, listening...yes, nothing better. If it weren't for the virus, I'd add intimacy. But also taking long walks in nature, if physically able. If not, a drive somewhere soothing. Finally, can you cook? Can you remove some drudgery from housekeeping? Can you order in a dinner as a surprise? For you, patience. You sound like a very nice husband."
175879766,Study has been posted with permission of moderators.
175879767,I walked just 0.38 miles and it made me feel more upbeat. Placebo? Just going to use my treadmill for mood improvement. I live in a good neighborhood but the police rarely patrol and there’s been break-ins. You’ve made progress and I wish you continued success. There’s no way I’m walking 3 miles a day because that would take probably more than 1 1/2 hrs when I could be playing Resident Evil HD Remake.
175879768,Yeah im going off my meds nothing will happen
175879769,_PERSON_ but maybe your in the 3 percent. I had a job couneslor that said that if a job has a lot of applicants and there’s only one spot opened maybe you will be that person. Never get discouraged
175879770,My other 3 close friends know that mental illness stopped me from hanging out with them but they dont call everyday. I just have one friend that calls me everyday. They used to call me everyday when I was hanging out with them last year.
175879771,"HI Rich, Just wondering how things went for you with the repairmen coming. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175879772,Yeah I’m here.more people will porob be on later. Good morning to you
175879773,They had to know bcz I used to hang out with their friends and they were wondering what happened to me bcz I wasn’t contacting them or hanging out with my brothers anymore.
174324516,"I was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder, it’s not my first time. I’ve also been diagnosed with schizoaffective in the past. Honestly it doesn’t matter to me anymore. The meds are the same."
175879774,"Supplements may work well for others but l-theanine has all this positive literature online but it made me take a handful of Klonopin and messed up my chemistry so I couldn’t sleep. I’m sure amyloban works for some people but I’m weary to what I put in my body anymore. I didn’t want to reduce the dose… I wanted to feel what it’s like to be off APs again. I guess in a way there are perks of being off meds, but I think last year I went into another psychotic break and I reached the age last year where females get sz. I was 25 last year, so maybe my sz got at it’s peak and it took this long to recover with all the catatonia/ visual hallucinations/ cognitive symptoms that I never had so bad. I thought it was the med that caused all that but now I’m relatively stable. _AT_MENTION_ is right, I’d be playing with fire"
175879775,Therapist : So ? Me : My past is a mess T : What do you want me to do ? M : Go back in time and fix it T : Anything else? M: Nope. T : bye M : bye That’s pretty much how it would go if I ever got a therapist. Which I won’t.
175879776,Morning Took my meds. Just a few sips of coffee too. I have 3 packages arriving from amazon. Idk what they are cuz the ones I’ve ordered haven’t shipped yet so idk. I’m getting packages everyday. For 2 weeks now. I know most of the stuff is my mom sending me packaged food and water from amazon. So maybe this is more stuff from her.
175879777,"When my issues became pronounced, friends ran like rats on a sinkng ship. The ones that stayed are my tribe. I love them muchly and bigly."
175879778,That’s true. But we are so young and I don’t want to have to travel as it is hard on my psychosis. I think I’ll just break things off when it is time to move on
175879779,Woo! Lol I love it.
175879780,"As long as you’re still taking your doctor prescribed medication, Try CBD all you want. I don’t want to be discouraging, it just didn’t work for me."
175879781,Yeah my doctor and psych say that it sounds like I dissociate a bit when I’m anxious and stressed. Especially with my social anxiety talking to people but sometimes it just pops out in normal day to day. Especially with everything going on lately. Fun times
175879782,In my opinion these both pictures applies same method. But the difference is in western photo center head is missing and two fans at the top. In Indian photo center head is present but fans are missing. Screenshot_2019-_PHONE_NO_.png 1080×1920 186 KB
175879783,And I won’t accept doses that cause tardive dyskinisia. When I was taking 15mg risperidone I was sticking my tongue out every second. I couldn’t control my tongue
175879784,I used to be on pip but not anymore. I’m recovering apparently so I’m not entitled anymore
175879785,It opened a different world to me. It’s to me to make it good or bad. They are entities I didn’t know existed.
175879786,I get out of breath when I get up the stairs to my room. I am obese as well
175879787,"I love pumpkin soup, never tried pumpkin pie. I eat pumpkin seeds every day though."
175879788,You’re welcome :))
174324525,"Yes, I agree with you, tree. But what if they strongly believe that everything is a matter of religion? They will tell me that I am not faithful enough. Cos if I am faithful, schizophrenia will vanish, according to them"
175879789,"Can lamotrigine ( Lamictal ) disturb “the antidepressant effect” of clomipramine ? A psychiatrist said to me lamotrigine cannot interfere with clomipramine. But recently a psychiatrist said he cannot judge but it cannot interfere in theory . Are these points of views different ? And if so, why ?"
175879790,"I’m sure like half of us on here suffer with some type of agoraphobia. I know I do. Sometimes, when I’m afraid of the world, I lie on my bed, open the window, and just try to take in everything thats going on at the moment. The sounds of the birds chirping, the air that flows by, the conversations that take place, and other wordly sounds. I meditate like this for a good hour and then I go outside and face the world. Hope this helps anyone."
174324527,"~(Scanner Day 8 (Part 3)~ So. As I Drink My Clean Water. From The Endless Tap of Trust. I Have Decided Something For The Walk Tomorrow. That’s if My Body Can Wake Me up Before it Get’s Too Late. Instead of Drinking Everything I Buy as Soon as I Return From The Trip. Wait, an Hour Before My Curfew. And Drink to Keep My Body Occupied For The Rest of The Evening?. As of Right Now, I Think I Could Step Away From All of Strange Drinks?. Not That, Saying, These Alternative Are Hurting Me in Any Way. But!, My Body is Quick to Adjust Any Abnormal Internal Environment. SoO0…, Slowly Take The Additives Away?. Although Most of My Mind Rests on V8 Drink. Not to Mention I Have Been Curious About That [[[Sodastream]]] Product For Awhile Now. N e Hoo. Jus a Thought, I’ll See How it Plays Out Tomorrow. Keeps it Cools Everyone!. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Bat Beam Dream (sleepoptimistic)"
175879791,No magic solution here. I have the same issue
175879792,"_AT_MENTION_ you were suicidal off your meds. If you stop meds, you are literally risking death."
175879793,Trying to decide when to take it. Anyone have any experience?
175879794,Love this one too.
175879795,"Hmm!. . . So…, Give That Thought Some Thought. . . It Never Does Happen. . . It Never Happens. . . The Bad Things Never Happen. . . Have You Ever Wondered Why?. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175879796,What are you trying to do to us. Talk to your pdoc and get straightened out.
175879797,I will thanks _PHONE_NO_
175879798,wats worse is that my eyes keep moving.what is going on.im in a horror movie.my face looks discusting my eyes look like cockroach.im scared.
175879799,I had closed my eyes and i thought of something which was repeated by tv. It’s so crazy
175879800,I thought the aquarium looked really fun...I’ve never gotten to feed the fish before
174324529,"PubMed Central (PMC) Persistently high psychological well-being predicts better HDL cholesterol... Psychological correlates of blood lipid levels have been previously evaluated mostly in cross sectional studies. However, prospectively measured psychological factors might also predict favorable blood lipid profiles, thereby indicating a healthy..."
175879801,"I definitely feel that being obese is bad, and sometimes over eating feels bad, but sometimes over eating feels good and is a treat. I’ve been on a three year diet to get my weight down and I’m down to 230 which is pretty good but I have more to go and I kind of feel like if I treat food as medicine I’m going to not eat enough. Food is food, medicine is medicine."
175879802,Thank you.I had to anonymize my account year ago (I’ve been on all previous versions of this site from beginning) because I was too rude and arrogant to the people.I’m trying to do my best to not let happen it again.
175879803,I used to think the news people could see me and were laughing at me
175879804,"my beliefs are true beliefs not just random thoughts strung together, i have higher thoughts, its just a pity i am not aloud to share then they are classed as unusual but they are not, they are just not widely accepted."
175879805,Well I’m doing a water fast for 4 days. So far so good. Will do this I can do it I can do it! Apart from that just taking it easy.
175879806,Why did you stop taking it? Do you remember it helping? _AT_MENTION_
175879807,"Minipuff: You said: “I'm sort of reluctant to stop it completely (Buspar anti-anxiety medicine) bc things aren't crazy busy in my brain. I'm sort of feeling... indifferent to anxieties or stressors. I know they are there and I know normally I'd be getting upset but now I'm just sort of like... Oh well, let's see how this pans out. “Is that good or is that bad?” I think it’s great. As I mentioned in an earlier post, as a bipolar, with my first pill of Lithium, “I felt like a 100-pound weight had been lifted off of my shoulders.” And, “I felt like an overly-inflated balloon that had the air let out of it.” I didn’t know you were supposed to feel like that. You also said, “I will note, my thoughts aren't racing at all but they are sort of jumbled. Especially when I'm trying to explain myself. As you can probably tell by the way things are written above.” It looks like that’s your basic personality which is still there. It does sound like you’re doing much better. If you know 
what I mean. You say, here on October 21,2020, “My brain isn’t racing. My thoughts aren’t out of control.” Here’s the way you sounded when you first wrote in about 41 days earlier on September 10, 2020: “I'm spiralling out of control with panic attacks. “And those of you with panic attacks know the spiral is always deeper and deeper with more what if what if what if. I'm not handling the change well. I understand this is life, I have no control, I must accept it. I can say those things but I can't stop my brain from making it into a nuclear bomb of terror and chaos. Racing thoughts, hot, cold, sweating, goosebumps, that suddenly burning feeling starting in your stomach and the burn goes out through your body, pounding heart. You know the deal. “I hate changing meds. It's yet another phobia I have. I put it off and put it off. I don't even like taking the klonopin. I hate it so much. Last night was night 4 of no sleep. Bc of my fears, I only took 1/4 of a tablet. Didn't sleep any better. Had an
xiety. Got up with panic attack. Crying sobbing couldn't breath. Couldn't even do to work. I can't have this affecting my ability to work. “Here are my qestions, now that I've blurted my week of chaos out to you...” So, that was on September 10, 2020. Today, some 41 days later, here on October 21,2020, this is what you’re sounding like: “I just had a phone appointment with my psychiatrist. I am back to not sleeping that great but I'm not tired. My brain isn't racing. My thoughts aren't out of control. I'm just not tired. I sleep a few hours then I'm awake, wide awake."" Did you read the part about my grandmother in the 1930’s, 1940’s and early 1950s? She had bipolar, like I do, and they didn’t have any medicine for it back then. So, we were born into a very fortunate era when they have good and different medicines. Can you imagine being in my mental state, or your mental state, or my grandmother’s mental state, and there’s no medicine? Again, we have a lot to be thankful for. Sounds like you 
have a very good psychiatrist. We have a lot to be thankful for. I think, like you, that you should keep taking your medicine. What can happen, too, is, we get much improved and we believe we’re cured, and then for some reason, medical foul-ups, our own foul-ups, we quit taking our medicine. Maybe because we haven’t had any problems recently and we may think we’re not sick. We’re seemingly not, because of the medicine. Here’s another thing that can happen, it’s happened to me twice. Something happens that gets us off schedule. The pharmacy doesn’t have the medicine for some reason, or we get a new psychiatrist and they say, “Why are you on this medicine?” I’ve had this twice, one a new, cold, anti-male psychiatrist who said on a Friday with no backup doctor for the weekend, “The way you get off Ativan is you quit taking it.” Now, in a way she could have had a point, but once I got off one medicine, there on a Saturday, I noticed the lowering of side effects, and decided to get off the 
two other medicines I was taking. By Sunday, it was bad situation. So, I’m saying you can get that occasional physical or mental bad doctor, and I think you have to beware. Also, because once you get off the medicine it might be hard to get back on because our minds aren’t thinking right. As with this and other problems, have somebody or two you can talk to about that, or a website such as this. As for sleep, I’ve found that a sleeping pad on low can help. 12"
175879808,"no 151515 sorry, I saw too many docs, i am done with this. I told you, its been 11 years that they tried on me every possible med. 11 years that I was stuck in the same place as before my diagnosis… never a progress, not even an inch…"
175879809,"Thank you. And yeah, I totally get why religious discussions are banned. I’m a prime example of why its banned."
175879810,"It took me over two-three years to recover my insight while on medication. I think sometimes it takes awhile for the meds to work, they build up in your system for months. Also you can only really measure from the last AP you were put on. You might have to keep trying different antipsychotics until you find one that has better effects. I went through four or five different antipsychotics before landing on Zyprexa and I’ve been on that for about six months. But like I said the medicine felt like it was doing nothing for all the time leading up to that."
175879811,"IDK, when I was a kid, things seemed pretty straightforward. Now, they get a little crazy."
175879812,Nice work. Profound
175879813,I want to try to return to Mathematics; The four color theorem is a theorem in Graph Theory.
175879814,"Thanks! I was a nicotine fiend, if I can do it anyone can! I’m not saying that to diminish how hard it is, quite the opposite. It’s one of the hardest things I’ve done, but also one of the most rewarding. If you need to talk when you feel like you’re struggling just reach out on here. There are many people fighting all phases of the addiction battle for various things on this site."
175879815,"I’ve done it before too. My only explanation is that sometimes I find jobs that I just “fit”, where it may be fast paced and hard labor but somehow because of maybe I work with the right people or the job fits my skills or for whatever reason, I can handle it. I worked at Sears four years, unloading trucks. We also pulled stock and loaded it into customers cars. It was hard work and could get very fast paced especially around Christmas and summer. But somehow the stars aligned or something and not only did no one know about my illness but I became one of the fastest, hardest workers. Something about the job just “clicked” and sometimes I worked 37 hour weeks for a few months in a row. Other times it was 18+ hours a week. But yeah, going on the salesfloor to get refrigerators or washers and dryers by myself and loading them in some customers pick-up, yeah, I did that four years. I thrived at the job."
175879816,Can your family doctor prescribe APs and other psychotropic medications? Here in the states only psychiatrists usually prescribe psych meds. My family doctor only prescribes benzos and probably certain antidepressants but I don’t think he can prescribe APs like Risperdal. _AT_MENTION_
174324531,Have you tried invega before.its really great medicine.i m using since 5 years without problem.nowadays im using trevicta which is 3 monthly injection.it raised my cholesterol but im really happy about my medicine.just looking after my cholesterol to eat healthy food and cholesterol it isn t much problem.
175879817,"Uhh, sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. People like the taste of wine and it goes good with certain meals and sometimes it’s cheap and an added bonus is that it gets you drunk. These are reasons why people drink wine. Personally, I never liked wine or most hard liquor either. I didn’t even like the taste of beer when I first started drinking it but I soon I got used to the taste and even liked the taste. But about the only alcoholic drinks I liked besides beer were schnapps and _PERSON_’s. It’s all moot anyways: I quit drinking (and drugs) in 1990 and haven’t touched either since then."
175879818,Sorry I don’t know what you mean.
175879819,Congratulations on 6 years sobriety. I’m currently 8 years out of the hospital. I still drink on occasion. I think if I quit my AP I would cling to the bottle again heavily.
175879820,"A big, square shouldered wrap around hug from me to you, _AT_MENTION_ ."
175879821,"Ikr! That was good @ SP... I really want to go to school. I have fallen in love with learning.. I hope my cognition didn't go out the window more than I think it did when I actually start going to school.. I just found the reading hard in the anthropology course because I would have to read so much and answer just a few questions which weren't very important.. It was completely random and annoyed me.. I wanted to just read it, write my own notes and then answer questions and not have to write it exactly as it was written in the textbook..."
175879822,A cto means you can be forced unfortunately
175879823,"You sound very sick, please take your meds"
175879824,"I've been meaning to get some apple cider and apple cider donuts, I probably will in October"
175879825,"I quit cold turkey 1983, one of my few accomplishments. I wanted to go back packing and did. It was a _USER_ID_ ride."
175879826,Competitive tiddlywinks.
174324549,Antipsychotics rather consistently make me feel depressed and suicidal in regular doses. So i can imagine they dont prevent suicide. Never tried clozapine.
174324532,"Feel like reminiscing on life. It’ll probably be long. I’ve posted my life story on here before I think but it was a long time ago and theres lots of new people on here now. I’ve had symptoms of psychosis for as long as I can remember. Vivid visual and auditory hallucinations that decreased in intensity as I got older, I developed my first delusion when I was 5 that lasted around 8 years, horrible paranoia that all sorts of monsters or ghosts or whatever were coming to kill me to where I’d hide out of my room every night so they couldn’t find me. I started getting symptoms of depression when I was around 10 or 11, just felt empty and sad all the time and didnt understand why. When I was 13 I had my first major depressive episode. Just crushing emptiness. It lasted a year and really messed me up. During it I stopped talking to people and when I finally came out of it I realized I had forgotten how to socialize normally. I wouldn’t regain my ability to talk easily for years, until basical
ly college. It also messed up my relationship with my extended family and made it awkward, previously to this episode I was very close with them. It was never the same after. When I was 16 I had my first major psychotic episode. It was horrific and lead to me developing PTSD. I was experiencing violent and extreme sexual, psychological and physical abuse at what I believed was either a demon or an evil spirit at the time. It was basically like living with an invisible sadistic rapist. I also believed I was the next messiah and the devil wanted to kidnap me and take me to hell to impregnate me with the antichrist and thus bring about the end of the world. I was talking with God and Jesus and could read messages from them and the devil in the clouds but also the clouds worked for the devil and could take me away. Storms meant the devil was near. If I thought anything he’d find me and take me and if I was left alone he’d take me. I lived in a state of constant terror and probably got around 3 hours of sleep 
a night between my own paranoia and the abuse, which often lasted hours at night as well as during the day. I ended up getting a friend sucked into my episode who helped me question if things were real or not. I began to question my entire life and what was real or not. I became severely agonizingly depressed. I still struggled badly with psychosis and was in and out of episodes. My PTSD and depression made me suicidal and I had a plan to kill myself by 17 which I didnt go through with because God told me not to, and when I got out of my home environment which was stressful and into college things improved for me. When I got to college I was finally able to see a therapist. My parents were anti mental health system and did not trust it or allow me to seek any kind of help for myself when I lived with them initially (they ended up coming around and are accepting of my diagnoses and me getting help for myself now). At first due to my upbringing I did not trust the system and was hesitant to talk about the exten
t of my experiences. I began a pattern of dropping out of therapy because I’d start doing better and have a patch of stability and feel I didnt need it anymore, only to crash terribly again and then be stuck without a therapist. It was quite dangerous. My sophomore year of college I finally shared the full extent of my symptoms and was diagnosed with a nonspecific psychotic and anxiety disorder. The therapist said I showed signs of being extremely traumatized but did not diagnose me with PTSD because she did not see what I had to be traumatized about. (This was an ongoing issue I faced-healthcare professionals not realizing psychosis in itself was traumatic. The abuse I experienced may not have technically been real, but it was very real to me when I experienced it, along with all the other terror I went through) I was prescribed medication but refused to take it. It wasn’t until my junior year of college where I became desperate enough to try medication. I had such terrible side effects and was psychotic 
at the time so I thought I was being poisoned and tossed it all. When I was better I tried again. And again. And again. I would continuously drop medications due to the side effects which would throw me into wild periods of instability one of which lead to me becoming suicidal again and harming myself and going into a partial hospitalization program. But eventually I found my very first med combo that showed me what it felt like to be truly normal. Zoloft and risperidone. Zoloft did wonders for my mood, anxiety and PTSD and risperidone completely took away my psychosis. Even as well as the meds I’m on now work, I do not think they work as well as those meds did for me. Unfortunately they had such serious side effects that I could not stay on them. At the time my diagnosis changed to major depressive disorder with psychotic features. Summer after my senior year of college I was trying out geodon and wellbutrin and something in that combo gave me some form of mania. I was euphoric, literally did not feel like 
I had to sleep, my hallucinations were crazy, I was starting drama with everyone, making huge splurge purchases and I was quite paranoid to where I was sleeping with a knife. However I was also amazingly on top of my schoolwork and exercising and even cooking 3 all my meals every day. It was a crazy experience. I felt life was so wonderful. This did not last and I ended up going back into depression and becoming suicidal again after graduating college. My new therapist finally recognized my trauma and diagnosed me with PTSD and I began trauma therapy which helped a great deal as it had become very bad again upon moving back to my old hometown where I had my first episode. I also received the new diagnosis of schizoaffective bipolar type based on the one manic episode I had had. (I dont agree with the bipolar type, I have never had mania outside of when I was on those specific medications) I also ended up being diagnosed with type II narcolepsy. Once treated for narcolepsy my “negative symptoms” disappeare
d and the narcolepsy medication seemed to help with my hallucinations as well, leading my doctor to believe I probably had some strange mix of sleep disorder and psychosis. (My diagnosis didnt change though) Anyways I ended up finally finding medication that worked for me so well to where I actually didnt need therapy anymore and have not been in it for months now and feel no need to return, the longest i have gone without therapy since I was 18. I am 24 now and I haven’t had any major symptoms in almost a year, just brief mild ones here and there, and haven’t had any major episodes either mood or psychosis in years. I got accepted into nursing school several months ago and have been succeeding in it. School is so SO much easier now that I am being properly treated for my mental and sleep disorders, I dont even need my school’s disability services. Before proper treatment school was like an uphill battle where I was constantly failing and having to retake classes. (Magically I only graduated a semester 
late-with a neuroscience degree!) I am in a serious and loving relationship going on 7 months now. Life is stressful. It’s not easy. But it’s good. And the stressors I am dealing with are finally normal. That feels good. I am always making progress. Recovery is possible. You just have to keep fighting. That’s my story!"
175879827,"Got 3 hours of sleep, can't get anymore"
175879828,"Maybe your brain is just malfunctioning a little bit? Nanobots haven’t even been invented yet, they’re still purely theoretical. I used to feel like I was going to die soon, and I thought my smartphone was recording me. I got treatment from a psychiatrist and eventually landed on some good medicine that has helped me a lot. I don’t believe any of the disruptive things I used to. For me Zyprexa is good, 10 milligrams, but it took my doctors a long time of trial and error to land on the solution. Are you seeing a psychiatrist for medicine? It might help give you some relief. I still have voices but they’re not mean anymore, and if I ignore them they stay silent for the most part. The delusions went away though."
175879829,You aren’t giving yourself enough credit. You successfully applied for disability. That is an exhausting process. I bet you do more than you realize.
175879830,yea i don’t like people who glorify autism. It’s not fun to have i think… i don’t mind it much anymore but i did for a long time but you won’t hear me say i like my autism.
175879831,I had that too. I couldn’t deal with the added appointments. (A nurse administered it). My days felt like I was just waiting for an injection every two weeks.
175879832,People who seem perfect probably just have enough confidence to hide their insecurities.
175879833,Biggest thing is don’t snack between meals and after dinner that’s it for food till morning.
175879834,Are you still hungry or do you just feel like you should eat a dinner for eating a dinners sake? I don’t really like the idea of skipping meals. That’s why weight watchers was so nice. You always had zero point foods you could eat if you reached your calorie limit. I think having a little extra on Thanksgiving is fine though.
175879835,"My reason is that, if I do well, someone will get violently jealous."
175879836,OUP Academic Half-baked? B vitamins and depression See corresponding article on page 330. Low B-vitamins are tied to depression. Maybe try a B-complex? B-100 ideally.
175879837,I only once stopped my ap. Got psychotic again. Now I have to take them long-term despite only having the diagnosis of psychosis and not sz.
175879838,"well, im cursed it seems, i wish i would have never agreed to stop for a bowl of soup. i always read stories about people hiking across the country and doing it, but i’ve never been able to make it more than a couple hundred miles without getting arrested. im thinking of trying again. maybe next april or may. undecided if i want to ride a bike or hike. will probably ride a bike this time."
175879839,"I don’t get it. That’s got nothing to do with me I’m just here to share my spoils since I am partial to mentally ill people atm. Oh yeah, I guess in my dream I fell into the shallow spring water besides the monument that marked my own birth year with 5 dragons. What a coincidence."
174324544,"With this illness I don’t feel like I can do anything. Personally I rather die, I even applied for euthanasia. I live in the Netherlands and it is legal here. What’s the point, living with this illness? Life is hard and depressing."
175879840,"Hmm. . . God Is The Universe. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175879841,Why would she make a song for you?
175879842,good to hear! i think that is wise decision =)
175879843,"Ok, I checked the mix today and noticed it’s way too loud. The audio limiter was knocking the signal down as monkey. So I tweaked the settings and fixed that."
175879844,Nice man! Clozapine is supposed to be a really good med.
175879845,This is dangerous if done incorrectly. It’s very easy to trap yourself in delusions if you attempt to rationalize and “figure out” your voices.
175879846,Started feeling like I was gonna have a panic attack so I put on my scented wax warmer and did crossword puzzles
175879847,"It went well. They just asked me questions, about symptoms, what I'm doing in my life, etc etc. I talked a bit about psychotic symptoms and how that's been interfering with my life. Then they asked me when I'd like to start and I said ""as soon as possible"" so I'm starting tomorrow. I'm just very nervous, i hope i like the group of people that are there now."
175879848,I have no idea I’ve tried so many years of trial and error cutting things out and really have not found any correlations. I’ve slept in many different beds over this time (I house sit a lot and stay at my boyfriends) and it has not made any difference for me personally.
175879849,"In my case, always according to the medical establishment, my anxiety over solipsism degenerated into a grandiose delusion. What are your experiences?"
175879850,"I have a sleep apnea machine, but it just fits into my nostrils instead of being over my whole face."
175879851,"This lady is honestly still befuddled, still confused after all these years of knowing me. 10 years and counting and she still lacks the confidence in giving me a solid diagnosis. She seems to blame all of my symptoms including my delusional type thinking down to OCD. When I become full blown psychotic like I did 5 years ago she is uncertain, probably connecting it with mania and bipolar. Over the years it’s always been a toss up between bipolar and schizoaffective, but lately most of the mental health professionals with certainty and confidence have diagnosed me with schizoaffective disorder. Honestly I don’t think that my current psychiatrist has enough experience treating schizophrenic patients. It seemed that she had a difficult time understanding my negative symptoms when I explained to her my avolition and anhedonia. When I brought up schizoaffective, she told me that my bipolar diagnosis was not set in stone and that schizoaffective could also fit. WTF?!?? She seems to lack confidence wh
ile my new therapist who works with SZA/SZ patients everyday displays an enormous amount of confidence in my SZA diagnosis. Getting tired of the uncertainty surrounding my psychiatrist. She decided to change my diagnosis from bipolar to schizoaffective but honestly I thought that my doctor had a lot of experience treating psychotic patients. I am sadly understanding that my current psychiatrist lacks the knowledge when it comes to diagnosing psychotic patients. I am really frustrated with her wishy washy attitude. I am seriously considering finding a different psychiatrist."
175879852,"Did you battle with your wife about it, _AT_MENTION_ Was it difficult to get him to like your cooking? _AT_MENTION_"
175879853,I can focus on audio books not reading a book.
175879854,It’s not scary I just dislike the idea of it
174324552,"No, I haven’t asked."
174324535,I’m sorry this is happening to you and I wish I had a solution but I don’t....I know you’ve tried almost every med and therapy as well...
175879855,mood disorders do not know if they have to do with dopamine and serotonin
175879856,"I was a volunteer at an organic farm. Fun City. or deliver meals to seniors for the senior center, that is a federal states wide program."
175879857,My case manager that works for my insurance company called to check in. He said I should get a physical at some point since it's been over a year since I've had one. I'll try to do that eventually.
175879858,"Uh, yeah, careful with those tattos, especially, the ones with people's names..."
175879859,"_PERSON_ I know that it can cause psychosis as it raises dopamine but I was wondering if a small dose wouldn’t do that and would improve negative symptoms. I guess its playing with fire as it increases dopamine, opposite to antipsychotics."
175879860,"Hmm. Knowing Too Much?. Wisdom Would Like A Conversation With You. Knowing Too Little?. Ignorance, Or Innocence. You Choose. You See Dear Reader, We Are Granted By The Grace Of Purpose To Succeed. Within Commonsense, Hope, Love, Joy, And Peace. So. Think Before You Speak. & Chase Your Dreams. . . Calmly. . . & Assertively. . . . . . ."
175879861,Linkin Park - Crawling
175879862,So I withdrew from people which made me ignorant and insecure until I discovered that I really am not qualified to be around children. I have to train myself not to be afraid of them and to behave in an acceptable manner. This is difficult for me because I don’t have the usual feminine interest in and energy for children.
175879863,I hope it goes well!
175879864,No they don’t inflame the brain.
175879865,I just bought the 2 for one; a whopper and fish sandwich. The whopper was great. Bought a large coke. Haven’t tried the fish sandwich.
175879866,Because my meds dry my mouth. A dry mouth promotes tooth decay. My dentist sent a letter to my shrink about meds causing tooth decay(I needed six crowns and three fillings.). He sent the letter a month ago and got no response.
175879867,Do you listen to them?
175879868,Sorry to hear that you are struggling _AT_MENTION_
175879869,I feel very calm and content today..
175879870,"Ok, will do. I was afraid to try it until now as I’m already too nice as a person and a bit of a ‘yes man’ and people pleaser, but I’m willing to volunteer for the greater good."
174324536,"Like bipolar. Never had anything besides delusions, which are also my so called bipolar, dp/Dr, aspergers philosophy. I have negative symptoms which subside after I get off APs, but I have intense anger and hurt. I was psychologically attacked while off meds in 2016 that caused a 5250 14 day hold. It was either the military or aliens. I built the craft in another life on another earth for them. It attacked me and always does since I’m in a time loop and or causal loop. It makes me look crazy. I think they did something to me in 2011 in college like monarch or montauk. I keep guessing but psychically cannot figure it out. It could have been an abduction too because I felt I went off planet. Doctors and parents deny my reality. Before 2011, I had just hypomania, depression, anxiety, and social issues. In a past life, I begged God and the aliens to cure my schizophrenia and give me bipolar instead as a compromise. I was insane. Not anymore. They could have been the computer simulators. I was one bac
k then. In a past life, the government said I had bipolar. They also said I had schizophrenia, a contradiction. I also was told I had schizoaffective disorder in this life and tend to deal with it head on and accept it. I also worked on free energy in a past life for the government. They cloned me. It sounds bizarre but it feels like a theme park like westworld, inside a simulation. Because information seems to exist despite me thinking everything resets…my inventions exist. I often feel like I was tortured and drugged. I was told they gave me LSD in a past life (in this life) and I have vague dreams where I remember. I’ve lived over a billion lives before this one. My consciousness was somewhere else. I feel like my consciousness is alien or that of a computer simulator. That gives you a rough idea of what is going on."
175879871,Corona for everyone!
175879872,"The page says 20mg, but it really is 100mg. If you go over 300mg, it may cause insomnia"
174324554,13 years. First psychosis when I was 19. I am 32 now.
175879873,I only get it when I stop my meds. My parents said I was frozen and not moving my eyes or body.
175879874,If she’s living with someone hide all knives from her. That’s what my parents did when I was homicidal attacking my brothers with knives and suicidal threatening my parents to stab myself.
175879875,When I have severe depression I can relate to this. I hate my guts when I’m depressed But when it passes I feel a bit better It’s the depression talking
175879876,don’t kill yourself… you are so young still… so many things can happen in your life.
175879877,"I’m sorry that you can relate. I’m doing a massive poetry dump, I hope you don’t mind. Pain is a horrible thing."
175879878,Maybe it’s pure paranoia. I feel the same. People hate me probably
174324550,Clopixol and low dose abilify
175879879,All the time. Sometimes I think I have early onset dementia
175879880,here it isn’t… a lot of people got a rainwater well here.
175879881,"My stomach is still a little off. I've had a tiz every day for a few weeks now and I think the wd is kind of hard. There isn't that much pain anymore but it's a nagging cramps feeling in my lower back which is taking forever to clear up. And in the morning I get up with a terrible charliehorse. So, I could force myself to not take tiz but the wd, it's like a general dysphoria. My friend's friend is so dedicated to getting me in to see the retina specialist. I wish I could reciprocate her kindness somehow."
175879882,Meds build up in your system over a period of time. I don’t see the point in skipping them for a day. It won’t make any difference to the danger of drinking while on meds.
175879883,"This is exciting. I struggle with gaps in working memory. In the mean time. hindawi.com Mindfulness Meditation Is Related to Long-Lasting Changes in Hippocampal... It has been suggested that the practice of meditation is associated to neuroplasticity phenomena, reducing age-related brain degeneration and improving cognitive functions. Neuroimaging studies have shown that the brain connectivity changes in..."
175879884,Soz I didnt mean that I'm just sick of video chat people prying at my identity. Idk why everyone does that. I lack sleep though. Imma sleep soon. I hope I fall asleep cuz it's been 36 hours awake.
175879885,"My local Radio is driving me nuts, but I also think I am driving them nuts as well. But from my end at least, it’s all positive!"
174324542,"i dun know , i think maybe i am more capable before going to a psychiatrist when i was less severe at that time, i wonder why i would agreed with my parents’ suggestion to go to a psychiatrist at that time, i refused to go school when i just went into colleague because st that time i felt there is a homosexual impulse to me suddenly and i was really panic and afraid about it at that time i think, after i went to a psychiatrist , i got a diagnosis of “depression”, which i still remember that i was’t depressed at all but have some mild issues, but at the same time i wasn’t sure if i really have cognitive issues at that time because i remember the moment i can’t understand anything in the class, it was already 7,8 years ago. and in these few years i never got a formal diagnosis of schizophrenia but i did take meds like danxipress , antidepressants/ some tranquilizers or even antipsychotics like olzanpine because i told my pdoc that i think i have schizophrenia rathar than depression which 
i really did not think i have it at that time. or even now. But i did wonder if my schizo-like symptoms at that time are related to my antidepressant. I dun really remember the time clearly though. Then , in the recent years i become more sceptical and doubtful about the meds and have been going on and off and i wasn’t sure how i behaved before i started the journey of taking antipsychotics “risperidone” in these two years . The longest time i was on risperidone was like 1-2weeks as i remembered, then i withdrew, i dun really know how the meds acted on me at that time but after i went off, i can said in these time my illness become really obvious and very severe. I have no idea is it the illness progression or the meds’ withdrawal reaction but in these 1 /2 years i have been experiencing quite severe symptoms like dementia , huge coginitive decline , i am like a ???????? person now and when i went out i behaved like a insane because i can’t look into others eyes and acted very strange imo. I did not 
know whether my cognitive decline is due to the withdrawal actions from the Ssri also because i have stopped taking them as well , it was 1 year ago though. Even now, i am still not on any meds though. Maybe I will go back or never go back and i really dun know. If i have never taken any. meds and i became like what i am now , “ a idiot, mentally ????????, and dementia person”, i will most likely go for a “yes” but in these few years of being a rat of experiment for the psychia drugs i become doubtful about my illness’ truth, the triggering reason and the reason of decline of my mental/ intellectual health, Maybe i never go back? but everytime i have thoughts like this i most end up taking them , so i really dun know. but That’s eveything of my froggy mental journey . and who read this until the end i would be amazed."
175879886,"Not gonna have mind rests anymore cuz it prolongs my wakefulness. Took a temazepam at 3am and woke up at 9:30am, had a lot of REM sleep until 12pm. I just wasn't ready to stay awake for another 28 hours. But maybe I will starting today if I don't sleep. Hopefully it will be 12am by the time I need another mind rest - Where I can sneak in a sleep attempt. Drank coffee, chewing nicotine gum. Deciding on what to do today. No psychosis, anxiety, depression, etc.. I'll try to make this a good day. Hope everyone has a good day too."
175879887,"Yeah you're right. I am prescribed 10 mg, and I can take 5 mg extra as a prn. Today I'm just gonna go with 10 mg because I feel fine."
175879888,It may be because it’s definitely the time of year when things start to change. I hope you don’t struggle too much. Do you take an antidepressant? If not this is the time of year some people start one because of the season change.
174324543,"_AT_MENTION_ you should know that in my day job I had before quitting to become a parent, a large part of my job was lobbying for equal access to health care for black schizophrenics, who are far more likely to end up in a prison than a hospital compared to white schizophrenics and far less likely to be given different medications when they experience negative side effects. We all face incredible prejudice as members of the schizophrenic community, but the differences between how we are treated by doctors, therapists, social workers, police, and hospital staff are very real and we are aware of them."
175879889,Do you have cash?
175879890,"Sorry to hear that, _AT_MENTION_ !"
175879891,"K., No problem! It helped me a lot just to know WHY I was struggling so much upon waking each day. The Cortisol is at its highest concentration when we wake up...then tapers gradually though the day...and builds again as we sleep the next night. S.C."
175879892,It’s like subconscious program inside my head and its testing me every day with something new
175879893,"yeah I am ahead, I did 10th-grade math courses as an 8th grader and scored a lot better than most 10th graders"
175879894,_AT_MENTION_ how are you today? Are you still worried about the microchips?
174324551,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879895,Raised prolactin. Made my nipples sore and that was good enough.
175879896,"May I tell you what “going down the rabbit hole,” means to me. It happens when I think real hard and then get lost in my own thoughts and come up with ideas that are obviously wrong. It could also be called “over-thinking.” It’s excessive introspection. I totally believe the thoughts at the time. I realize later that I was not in touch. I need to recognize good ideas from those that are trivial or meaningless."
175879897,"No, I have the opposite problem. I always feel like I’m doing something right when I’m not. And then, I always get in trouble for it."
175879898,I’m so sorry your family is going through this
175879899,Do you use the app or the mobile site? I use mobile site and mine does not vibrate.
175879900,"I could delve into the religious and superstitious reasons behind cremation if you’re up for it. I will put it under a blur with a TW for religion ancient Romans, Egyptians, Greeks,and many other cultures believed that cremation was a way of releasing the soul from the body. Some cultures viewed this as a good thing, and some viewed it as bad. Generally, cultures that believed in a concrete afterlife were against it, because they believed the body should remain with the soul. Cultures that believed in reincarnation were in favor, because they believed the soul being released from the body freed it up to find a new body and live again. Either way, almost every culture in human history has agreed that the ashes don’t carry any remnant of the soul. It disperses from the ashes and either finds a new life or goes on to the afterlife. So no matter what religious or anthropological viewpoint you take, they all agree that there is nothing supernatural about ashes. The supernatural part is totally gone.
"
175879901,Can you go for a brisk walk or something?
175879902,"I once estimated my father’s IQ to be 115 (above average) and my mother’s to be like 80-90. Based on that estimate, I should have an IQ of 100 lol. That’s why I think _PERSON_’s gave me a gift because I am sort of higher than that. I scored like 700 on the PSAT without studying or paying attention but my brother scored like 105 IQ on the SAT in high school and thus I am sort of smarter than him (despite scoring lower) (alleged underachiever), but where he lacks in math and schooling, he is gifted in working with sound and his hands. He’s definitely more gifted in entrepreneurial abilities and other talents. My dad is a mechanic with GED, mom has an AA degree, and step-father has 3 masters degrees in engineering and HAD at one point a successful business. I think my step-father was older than normal when he had my brother. We’re fluke’s I think… I think my step-father is sort of 140ish based on my intuition. I ‘dropped out’ of a top 20 program in the country but I think I was in 
mk-ultra and that’s why I’m disabled and my brains are ‘mush’. No proof, empathy, or evidence of course. Been dealing witht his for eternity in a causal loop (apparent delusion). I could have probably been successful if I wasn’t dealt a bad hand in life (all my lives)."
175879903,Neighbor yelling at me right next to my ear. Jfc. Get over it. I ll get over it too.
175879904,"_AT_MENTION_ Tripper, sorry about your cat. I hope she'll be ok."
175879905,"I decided the other day to buy some FPS thumbstick attachments for my Xbox One controllers to see if they help me play Witcher 2. (Basically, people buy FPS attachments to give more precise aiming w/ their thumbsticks, so I think it might help me with more precise movements in Witcher 2.) Only one problem... I bought a PS4 set and an Xbox One set. I meant to buy two Xbox One sets."
175879906,"That’s nice. He’s married to you, not her. You should always be his first choice. Agree with what others said about not paying and threat of legal action. Injecting with the wrong medication is explicit professional misconduct and you absolutely should not be charged for follow-up. Any jury would give you a sizable chunk of his cash if it went to court and he should be aware of this. Speak up about it. Wishing you luck getting rid of the MIL. I regard my own as expendable. Things have just gotten worse and I don’t live with mine, so I can only imagine your suffering."
175879907,"The medical definition for schizophrenia is defined by the DSM, currently version 5. Here is a link to the portion about schizophrenia. Read the DSM 5 column, if you think you fit the medical definition and your symptoms are preventing you from functioning properly then perhaps you should see a doctor. But just know sometimes the medications don’t work and can have awful side effects."
175879908,longhorn can I suggest something. try to remember how you felt/thought prior to being diagnosed and medicated. this helps me and i hope it helps you too. it may just help control the appetite even while staying on the meds. I need my meds and take them religiously. I don’t appreciate being overweight now either. but what I told you here helps me. _NAME_
175879909,well the way you describe it smacks of stability…I don’t think you have a problem yet.
175879910,After a rocky start It looks like it’s Shaping up to be A mediocre day.
175879911,"My first inclination would go toward denying it that we don’t live in simulation because there is too much of complexity and unpredictability involved. But looking at it closer, even that can be simulated and programmed the way that you cannot be aware of it but just to ride along with it without any knowledge or understanding about the system. If 2% strain in DNA changes from apes to humans makes us to be able to create a symphonies and land a robot on distant planet 40 million miles away, while apes the best they can do is to throw a feces at each other. Makes you wonder about the levels of intelligence can exist to making simulation actually a possibility. That’s of course If we are allowed to run this hypothesis Apes > Humans > 2% > 2% > 2% > Freaking God."
175879912,Using Khan Academy to improve my math and learn some other stuff
175879913,"Don’t be superstitious! January is over tomorrow anyway, so you made it ! Just make a start on your homework and then the momentum will carry you through. Starting it is always the problem. So just start! You can do this !"
175879914,I have not heard back. I swear its been almost 8 weeks. They say they havent decided yet if I should be interviewed or not when I called… its taking unusually a long time not sure if thats good or bad…
175879915,"There is always ppl in a more difficult situation than us. My mother’s friend have a completely paralyzed and mentally disabled kid. He’s always on a wheelchair with his mother, he can’t move his hands, feet or head. He’s now over 20y.o and can’t eat or go to the bathroom alone. He still wears baby diapers. He can’t talk and is severely mentally disabled. His mother always bring him to our church."
175879916,The only thing missing is a shot bus and driver. I am such evil I drive a Toyota Named After A Flower Part. Thats hot and tempting. For the big “trucks”>
175879917,Every time i feel like i am getting somewhere something else pops up. i think i must have a demon inside me
175879918,I really don’t understand
175879919,a transexual…thats a disorder now
175879920,Why don’t you ask for a different anti-depressant? Try something like Zoloft. It’s pretty awesome.
175879921,That’s really good! Looks professional
175879922,_NAME_ smashed through the wall like the Kool - Aid man.
175879923,I’m in an adult foster care home and am very glad I don’t live independently. I couldn’t handle it anymore. I’ll be here until I die or go into a nursing home.
175879924,"Hi everyone. So basically the main symptoms that I had been dealing with previously are thought broadcasting, as well as frequent and seemingly significant coincidences (I believe this is called Ideas of Reference?). After seeing my psychiatrist previously in May for these symptoms, we did a med a adjustment. And I did feel like in the months that followed, my improvement was very gradual, but I improved nonetheless. Which is good. I had significantly fewer instances of people repeating my inward thoughts as well as the coincidences subsiding to an extent. I went to see my psychiatrist again about a week ago, and I gave him my account of how I’ve been doing and so on. I explained him to that, while previously I held a very strong belief that my thought-broadcasting/telepathy was real, I am now very open to the idea that perhaps it isn’t real after all. Maybe the med adjustment had done its job, and my thinking before was all just delusion. My psychiatrist then said to me “Yes, but it can happ
en. It can happen that someone someone calls you or sends you a message because you thought of them.” This was basically in reference to my telepathy experience/delusion. To give some background, I had told my psychiatrist before, that I kept experiencing these seemingly uncanny coincidences where when I hadn’t heard from or thought of a particular person in a very long time, the person would suddenly call me or send a message when I did think of them. I also had another experience where when I talked about my ex boyfriend to a friend of mine, the following morning a stranger with the same first and middle name as my ex suddenly followed me on Instragam. I was ready to dismiss all of these as mere coincidences, and that nothing metaphysical was at play. But my psychiatrist confirming some of my beliefs doesn’t really help the situation. Why would he reinforce my apparent delusions? What are your thoughts? Why would he say this, and should I consider referring to another doctor going forward?"
175879925,"I?ve been criticized on here for my Take No Crap attitude, it?s never failed me. Exception, is _NAME_."
175879926,yea splitting them up doesn’t sound like the right way… if it gives you too much stress maybe you need to ask him for him to come look up you?
175879927,yea but he attack an elderly person because of her race. thats mess up.
175879928,And I’ve never sought validation from anybody. I’ve always been comfortable in my own shoes. At some point you reach an age where you just become who you truly are…and hell be damned to those who treat you indifferently or in an unkind manner.
175879929,You make a recording with a phone and then see if the message is real or not.
175879930,"The job itself isn’t depressing at all , more so the social environment and it can get tedious but i find it better than the other jobs I haven’t been able to stick to. I dunno what to do at this point cos I’m gonna feel the same everywhere I go."
175879931,Wow those colors!
175879932,My b12 supplement has 500mcg of b12 + it has 100mg of Alpha-lipoic acid. I wonder if Alpha-lipoic acid is safe to take or not ?
175879933,My motivation is getting worse too in some respects. I can’t even paint anymore I’ve given up. Sucks really My apathy is also there Sucks biiig time
175879934,"if this is the case, I’d like an usher to accompany my consciousness to a safe place."
175879935,"Part of me relishes it, but I’m not proud of it."
175879936,that’s nice =) i’m glad you got a good family _AT_MENTION_
175879937,"Good insight _AT_MENTION_. Boy I am having a weird day. About 20 minutes ago, a voice inside my head said something about the path of least resistance too."
175879938,I like the foreign shows much better than the American shows.
175879939,"The last time I cried, about 25 years ago, I was in a Baptist church, cried out loud. A women sitting behind me handed me a tissue. I wasn’t even embarrassed."
175879940,"I think so, its a big 8 shaped medical magnet."
175879941,Is it “I’m not a boy.” or is it “I’m a girl.”? The way I think about it is very important. I’m tired of thinking the negative - I’m not a boy. It’s positive to say I’m a girl and understand it. My negative pdoc once asked me how I explained my lack of a penis. I just stared at him.
175879942,I was driving with my gf and I thought of a fun way to express how one is feeling You can pretend you are a bagel and describe anyway you wish how your feeling. I was very tired this morning so I said - I’m just a bagel that fell out of the back of someone’s truck. Just left on the side of the road and the crows didn’t even want it. She said she was a bagel covered in dirt and got rained on. So there ya have it folks the bagel analogy. How are you today?
175879943,But as far as meaningless experiences go it’s a pretty good one.
175879944,"Well I’m settled in pretty well. I’ve got my room just about set up. Waiting for a desk I ordered online to show up. It’s pretty cute. It’s solid wood, painted white to match my other furniture. _PERSON_, I had to open a credit card to get in but I think it’s worth it. I’m waiting for a few other small things I ordered at amazon.com to get here and then I’ll be all done decorating for now. We spent last weekend shopping for stuff to decorate the living room. It was so much fun to go shopping with my sister. We haven’t done that for years. I was happy when my sister decided she loved my Klimt prints as much as I do and wanted them to be a focal point on one wall and we decorated all around them, looks great. So I’m a non-smoker now. I will occasionally bump into someone who has a cigarette and get one off them, but for the most part I’m done. I can’t stand the way it smells anymore. I think that means I’m done pretty much. I’ve lost half the weight I’ve gained from quitti
ng, so the diet is getting back on track. I have to wait a month to be able to access county mental health services because of my insurance. But I’ll be ok on meds. I just wish I could access it now so I could start going to a group or something to get me out of the house more often. But I’ve been getting out each day for errands and walks. Everything back home is going fine, the kids are surviving without me fine. They just call several times a day to ask questions and get advice. My son is doing particularly well and i’m so proud of him. Anyway, that’s the update. The move was worth it."
175879945,Has anyone heard from slumberkitty or finding reason in the last 24 hours? Perhaps I’m overly concerned but they said they weren’t doing so well. I hope it’s because things are much better now.
175879946,"my neighbor decided it would be a good idea to fire off about 15 rounds from his handgun last week at 1145pm. it wasn’t even a weekend. then about a half mile down the road, there is a guy with young sons who like to ride their dirtbikes and rev up the engine on their truck at unusual hours."
175879947,I took a half Ativan and a half tiz so maybe I'll feel better soon.
175879948,"I also made a creamy guacamole to go with the naan. I consists of 2 1/2 ripe avocados, 1 tsp minced garlic, 2 tbsp mayo, 1 tbsp seasoned rice vinegar and freshly ground black pepper. I mashed all ingredients in a bowl and put it in a container."
175879949,Could you please change it to: Is it loss or is it victory? Thanks. Cat pics to follow. 20200211_2018333394×2545 3.33 MB 20200209_1655503989×2661 4.17 MB 20200205_1742134032×3024 3.64 MB
175879950,"My multi is Pure Encapsulations, as chosen by the doctor I go to to chose OTC for me."
175879951,"But if the criteria is harming someone, I’m not there yet."
175879952,"I’m not sure but I believe we continue somehow. I wanted to be catholic because my boyfriend is one but I just don’t believe god would be so cruel to allow eternal hell. I seem to agree with the teachings/beliefs of _PERSON_. Not sure if he is some form of Hindu. I believe in heaven but not eternal hell and maybe we are born again for a while but we remain the same being only our person changes. We have the same aura, spirit,soul. I believe in forgiveness, unconditional love, growth, improvement and patience to improvement etc Dying seems scary feeling. My mum was dead for five minutes. She had the choice if she wanted to stay dead or go back to life. She lost ten litres of blood. She saw men in dresses like tunics but she is a atheist."
175879953,"No, because I ain’t violent and aggressive. It’s either a learned behavior or a character trait."
175879954,"Consider yourself lucky _AT_MENTION_ . For most people, the voices are absolutely horrible, terrifying or just flat out a negative experience to listen to."
174324555,I never took an antidepressant because I have bipolar type sza and the pdocs said I’d get manic
175879955,"Well I admire you for your decision. I would like to work full time at some point, but part time is all I can handle right now. I wouldn’t be able to afford my meds without medicare. My ap alone is 1500 a month."
175879956,"Imagine all those doctors, nurses, and butlers waiting on you 24/7. Yes, being rich helps. Probably get cured too…"
175879957,"Whenever you find yourself needing a hug, I’m here."
174324560,"I remember gratitude talking about how naltrexone helped with his psychotic symptoms, and now I am apt to believe him."
175879958,"okay cool, thanks alot made feel better. So i have nothing to worry about"
175879959,All they can do is threaten to kill you. If they actually could most of us would be dead.
175879960,Can they access my sz medical records? Or I have to be diagnosed?
175879961,"Got rid of the depression my pdr caused me by abandoning me and saying that I will stay on my current meds and stay in bed forever. I give him a choice of either prescribing Zyprexa now and waiting for Vraylar or just waiting for Vraylar. If he refuses I have an apt soon with my family Dr who can write me a referal to the friend of my mother, a pdr in his clinic. Honestly maybe I got brain damage from psychosis but I got nothing to lose by trying Zyprexa and Vraylar."
175879962,My hardest job was one I just quit due to stress and anxiety Senior Insight Analyst at a marketing firm
174324561,I can relate so much to what this guy says just with the voices and stuff and the hiding of it all. Yeah I think I deserve an _NAME_ award too.
175879963,"Have you ever wondered if we’re living in the divine comedy? Just wondering what you think, i wonder if heaven on earth is far fetched now?"
175879964,"Yeah, I watch carefully as it goes steadily downhill."
175879965,This seems to be a cosmic depression for a lot of people in the world. Last week for me was terrible. Something to do with the planets.
175879966,"Tonight is ""order in"" from restaurant night. Not sure if I am going to go with breakfast or a burger! Tomorrow I might try a recipe from my new Vegetarian cookbook. I don't know though. They seem kind of hard. I need a Vegetarian cookbook for dummies!"
174324564,"Hello everybody. I am _PERSON_ I come from Italy and I am a medical student. Like many of you I suffer from a schizoaffective disorder different from schizophrenia due to the affective, affective component understood not so much as instability of mood but as ability to weave stable social relationships. I respect all of you for what you have been through or are going through but I don’t like that some of you give up a lifetime therapy. This is just a good journey towards impotence diabetes and negative symptoms. Dopamine is the neurotransmitter of gratification and reward and preventing its action means not receiving gratification and therefore bingeing, being limp and not even having a sexual consideration. The truth is that from the studies 20-25% that face a discontinuation no longer falls. Modern antipsychotics are the cure. Not for all but they are the cure with their side effects. I have had 4-5 episodes but have been stable for 2 years without positive negative symptoms stable mood and eve
n without obsessions. In February, my doctor will make the first reduction of my invega trinza from 525 mg to 350 mg. The dosage will be reduced every six months within a year and a half. I’ll update this thread step by step. Bye??"
175879967,I am in bed around 9pm and I get up around 6. I think 7pm is a bit too early.
175879968,I'm having horrible SUI thoughts today. I did some retail therapy and spent $90 on shoes. And I'm going to go hang out with a friend tonight. But [email protected] FML. Stupid thoughts won't go away. Now I'm getting visual hallucinations too.
175879969,Hearing a god talk to you is a sign of delusion and hallucinations.
175879970,Looking to network with some fellow fighters and or survivors? Also looking to give back to the community for those suffering from this terrible disease. Get at me’ _PERSON_
175879971,"_PERSON_ Latuda is a second generation antipsychotic, not first."
175879972,"Fantasy, well chosen, especially if you’ve got a rich inner world as many sz patients have, and Fantasy is a commercial genre, the publishers are interested in book in that genre. You should give it a go, you might succeed in your first attempt, or in the 10 th attempt.I have got to novels published, and the first was published after three failures. For the more mundane scenes, it can be helpful to read a “how to write a novel book” but don’t follow every thing the say, i you follow a manual exactly, the novel get stiff and bored. Good luck."
175879973,I’d tell them it’s obviously affecting you so before it gets worst
175879974,I would be so proud if I had a job. I’m gonna try working again in a few months time. The worst is having so little to do it can drive one insane.
175879975,The French diet!
175879976,"yea it sucks. I had to take lithium and it slowed down my thyroid and then i had to start taking the l-thyroxine, pdoc says i will have to take that med for my whole life now."
174324567,"Sounds like the same thing that happened to me when I was on 20mg of Abilify. If its unbearable, you should ask your pdoc to switch to something new. Don’t let them try and talk you into raising your dose, because it will get worse."
174324562,"Doctors best NAC with cofactors is good for reducing impulsive behaviour, I mean prevent stuck in one thing. Green tea pure version is best for reducing drowsiness and thus helpful for remaining alert. Tulsi aka holy basil is useful for calming mind, thus its effect is similar to NAC if combine with it then can notice a marked reduction in impulsive behaviours. These are other things which find helpful for negative symptoms. Its useful for all types like schizo, bipolar, depression, anxiety, ocd etc. Nac and tulsi have mild antipsychotic effect too."
175879977,You mean akathisia? Thers meds for that.
175879978,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175879979,I take 30mg of diazepam and 20mg of procycldine for it. Might end up on a beta blocker
175879980,But yes I do find it hard. I’ll do good for little while then mess up and gain ton of weight
175879981,"I felt superbly ???? this morning amazingly awful, it was the worst i have felt waking up for a long time idk why"
175879982,"Nobody knows who you are, you’re experiencing delusions of self-reference caused by a chemical imbalance in your brain. The same exact thing happened to me in 2015, I went on the streets and started confronting people about it and it landed me in jail for half a year where I was shoved into a solitary confinement cell and denied my medication. I went insane. Try not to think about it. Distract yourself. Avoid TV if it’s a trigger. Keep trying different antipsychotics with your doctor’s approval until you find one that helps you realize nobody’s watching you."
175879983,"how long does it take for a oerson tobtake meds before they are ""back to normal thinking "" ever dr tells me different. _PERSON_ heard all the way to a year"
175879984,I am 31. I dont reminisce at all. I feel my best years will come in the future.
175879985,"Up until quite recently, I used to eat half my total caloric quota in cookies. Now though, I have cut cookies completely out of my diet and don’t eat them anymore and instead of filling up on cookies, I’m having steamed veggies with butter and salt for snacks. Tastes just as good as popcorn and is a whole lot better for you."
175879986,Oh its because some users were sending me triggering delusions.
175879987,"Hmm?. . . I Honestly Never Seen, ‘My Bloody _NAME_’, In Short As In, “mbv”. . . Kinda Takes Their Absolute Benevolently Artistic Realm Of Beautiful Kaleidoscope Away?. ‘Loveless’, Is A Masterpiece Nonetheless. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175879988,I never wanted to get married or have kids. If I didn’t have schizophrenia I would have sleep walked into both.
174324572,Even though my voices are gone I still am concerned about afterlife. I have seriously horrible thoughts about it I better not even mention due to triggering. Its really disheartening but yea I just need to try my best
175879989,"I’d love to quit. I would agree with you. The ultimate goal is to get myself off the nicotine. Truth be told I’m worried about the withdrawals, my mind starts playing games with me, get into a dark place. Granted I haven’t tried quitting since starting Zyprexa and getting my voices more under control. So I’m hopeful that would help me. _PERSON_ really wants me to quit. I’ve quit the illegal drugs, quit drinking, limit my caffeine. Live a mostly sober life. Just this one last thing."
175879990,Hey that was really interesting _PERSON_. Thanks. I have been interested in that grounding stuff for over 10 years now.
175879991,"Oh, sorry. Hope you feel better soon, newtus!!!!!!"
175879992,IMG_20201201_1908533471×4625 1.68 MB
175879993,"Can someone find meds sedation charts? Also I find it more sedating, dont know why, can it be risperidone still in my system?"
175879994,That’s great. My mum gets her vaccination today. I’m happy about that too.
175879995,"Because if they actually want to benefit from that, they’d need to learn to get there quicker. I underestimate their tactics for a reason."
175879996,Is it necessary to make fun of my work attire? Hmmmph.
175879997,"I had probably the best times of my life in my bachelors program at college. Especially the second year, when I lived with my 3 best friends. It was difficult though, I was battling massive depression and anxiety for most of it, and had a big drinking and weed problem. Some days I would just wake up, hit the bong and go back to sleep and skip class. Sounds weird but it was still the high point in my life. Im still depressed, but as I get older my anxiety decreases and I start giving much less of a fuk. It was difficult for me to pass, and some classes (like dynamics… ugh) took multiple attempts. In the end I graduated with a low GPA, around 2.6 (which is like a C+ average). But it really depends on your program, I was doing mechanical engineering and my friends were all engineering or hard sciences students and they kept me motivated. It may be more difficult if you havent studied in awhile, but either way, cant stress this enough: Go to class!!! It may seem simple but if you go to every class an
d do all your assignments on time, it is almost guaranteed that you will at least pass. Maybe not in some fields, but its still a great foundation! Best of luck to you, and Im sure youll have a blast, talk to people in your classes, hang out with them and study with them, youll be enjoying yourself in no time (and also stressing lol). What are you going to be studying btw?"
175879998,"I did direct care for 3 years, off of disability, working full time, there were moments with some of these guys, what you get to being close, and being seen as an immediate. Don’t fall for it, I could have gone to prison."
175879999,"Chordy , whatever way you slice it or dice it , you’re becoming preoccupied with anger and violence. You’ve got to at least mention this to your psychiatrist."
175880000,You’re so cool bb. You really are. I don’t think u realize it. You are so supportive and so inspiring. Even I get inspired by you. You keep things real and you keep being open and friendly and all that is the best thing about you. You’re so kind too.
175880001,"Well, when my AP dosage isn’t right, I tend to think people or organizations are out to get me. Last fall I thought the landlord didn’t like me and was trying to evict me. Then I have had the delusion terrorists put a bomb under my mom’s house."
174324573,They both help and hurt. I get less psychotic and more depressed and suicidal when i use them. Let us know whether the increased dose works well!
175880002,That’s awesome! What are you doing?
175880003,Mostly posting here all day because I’ve got nothing else to do…
175880004,"I’m so glad you enjoyed the food! With $25 you could probably still get another meal, right?"
175880005,Totally addicted...
175880006,I’ve been diagnosed as Bipolar 1 for approximately 7 years and I STILL have a hard time accepting it at times. But it gets easier and the title we’re given fades. I’ve had several major manic episodes that I know makes me Bipolar 1. There’s no doubt about it. It’s like being a dog with his head out the window at 70mph. That’s how I felt. I loved the energy and the creativity but the instability and foolish ways were not worth it. But having only several episodes of full blown mania (that I remember) in seven years isn’t so bad. Hypomania is my preferred state of mind. I’m here to talk if needed. Take care! _NAME_
175880007,I’m not since I drank water a moment ago
175880008,"because it is such a suffering here, but yup I take medication on a regular basis. and trust me it helps!"
175880009,"It's like me: Drug addiction - Hidden molecular psychopharmacologist potential You: Bulimia - Hidden nutritionist/physical health potential We must keep a healthy level within the fine line... I spent an hour or so researching about MCT oil, ketones salts like beta-hydroxy-butryrate in the form of sodium, magnesium and calcium.. mmol/L of ketones.., different diets and types of foods, benefits, etc.. Anyways I took 5mg of olanzepine instead of 0.5mg alprazolam to see if it helps with my focus and impatience so I can go on Coursera without giving up due to stress..."
175880010,"I was in a seminar this weekend that talked about brain health. They showed SPECT scans on the brains of people before and after, and the brain blood flow was always increased by a change of diet that involved eating clean, as in stopping sugary foods/drinks, keeping processed foods to a very minimum, eating fish with skin at least once a week, preferably twice a week, drinking water, stop all nicotine (which hurts brain health), limit caffeine, stop any illegal drug use, etc. Also, exercising including jogging/walking. Gut health is very important as well. It can affect mental health. Increased brain blood flow helped to decrease and even eliminate anxiety, depression, and anger. These are things you could incorporate into your daily routine to help you in your journey to healing. I listen to New Life Ministries on the radio. They deal with mental health. They are the ones who had the seminar. Maybe if you want, you can check them out and maybe listen to their program. I also have anxiety and depr
ession. I take an antidepressant. I use l-theanine to help with anxiety. The clean eating and exercise helps me. Be cautious with the Xanax, it is a benzo and can be habit forming. Take care of yourself. Prayers for you."
175880011,"The bad thing about sz is you don’t need a reason to go psychotic. It just happens. Quitting meds can cause you to go back to psychosis. If you do stop meds, do so by tapering down with tour pdoc."
175880012,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880013,If texting men in different parts of the country counts as a social life then I guess I can say I have one.
174324563,Welcome to the forum btw!
175880014,"Try multivitamins. Some of them have higher doses than that of course but they’re going to be smaller than specific B vitamin supplements. I wouldn’t worry too much about this though, they haven’t even established that people’s level of B-12 was higher due to higher supplementation or higher for another reason, like perhaps eating more red meat."
175880015,"I’m a middle-aged man intent on going south. This is what I plan to do. Adopt an outrageous belief (the Moon is hollow owing to its being an alien starship) and feed a nefarious loop by means of positive reinforcement. Dopamine will do the rest. I hypothesise that, in keeping with past experiences, within a week I shall be psychotic yet functional. Wish me luck."
175880016,Beautiful picture of the tree SP!
174324575,"I moved from a city to a small farm in an extremely depopulated area where there was virtually no noise and it had no effect on my symptoms at all. In some ways, the lack of services caused stress that wound me up more. I think you may want to bang some dents out of your hypothesis."
175880017,it was okay. this was 20 years ago though.
175880018,Ask your doctor. But I can’t imagine it would do anything for psychosis.
175880019,I feel a lot more submissive. I let people yell at me and just cry. I used to stand up for myself.
175880020,"If you don’t mind me asking, why did you switch to Latuda?"
175880021,So good _PHONE_NO_
175880022,No. Green tea will decompose into some chemicals and l theateline will be absorb into the body. They have similarities so they won’t deny each other. The med that deny each other are antagonistic and anti antagonist meds with a few exceptions
175880023,"I have some things coming in the mail I'm looking forward to as well. New clothes, some grocery items, and that foldable grocery cart"
175880024,Yes he is. And _PERSON_ and _NAME_ nook too. His sons I guess?
175880025,its a bit ok a shaky nail here is the term i would use mostly ok but everything could go to ???? really fast
175880026,when was your favorite day in the past?
175880027,"Hi Breaking Dawn, thank you for your support! The maintenance crew I'm guessing. My friend said he walked all the way around the building and that might be the problem. We haven't gone in the backyard since more than a year. So I guess that door probably had the sign. I'll just have to wait until he feels better. I thought I was feeling better but when I sit up it feels like stomach acid spilling up. Maybe I'll feel better tomorrow."
175880028,"You think things are happening when they actually aren’t. But there’s no way for you to be able to tell or identify this. People get lucky or unlucky with this illness, just like cancer. Med can work, can not work - works in different ways for everyone."
175880029,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880030,"Thanks so much! I can’t resist candy, myself!"
175880031,It’s ok if you need it. I need it. Lots of people do.
175880032,"Thankyou! , Abise."
174324570,I can’t simply switch psychiatrists. I have repeatedly ask to be switched to oral abilify so I can begin tapering off the injections and have been ignored.
175880033,"ECT is like a antiseizure medication to stop the severe negative mood in depression. It just disrupts the current state of mind while in negative symptom there is no such thing as severe mood and in fact the opposite that is absence of any mood and thus it only do more harm than good if its not actual depression. Lamictal is like a low dose ECT. Its good for depression, bipolar etc."
175880034,If black magic were real you would hear about how someone put a hex on someone else in the news on a regular basis if it had real world consequences. It’s not real. Mind control isn’t real either.
175880035,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324576,"It’s the same for me. I don’t understand why one dr said it was paranoid schizophrenia when I’m clinically more symptomatic of psychotic disorder - bipolar type. But the keys in what you have written: “I can’t change it, except for how I deal with it”"
174324580,I’m on clozapine and I need about an hour of not doing anything before I am able to follow trough anything. Not even reading keeps me focused and motivated to continue doing.
175880036,"I think for many of us our positive symptoms get less over time, and cognitive/negative symptoms become dominant. I’m 64 . My positive symptoms are nothing like they were in my 20s and 30s. I’m now regarded as being partially in remission. There’s some rather entrenched paranoia around people getting into my flat at night, and functional hallucinations. Negative symptoms will be explored this October. Possible negative symptoms are lack of drive and emotional flatness. Like a lot of people my age there’s as much a need for social care as there is a need for medication( though medication is still important) . Due to an ongoing social care crisis in the UK this can be very dependent on having good family/stepfamily in your corner advocating for you."
175880037,I never heard that was serious before. Thanks for the heads up
175880038,"Been awake off and on since about 1am, I’m living in hour chunks. Don’t want to sleep any more, bad dreams of dead friends and family. Don’t want to be awake, not feeling comfortable inside my body. One to the cops, a couple to suicide, a couple to overdose, one to drunk drivers, one in a shootout. I called them all friends once. They all left me, now I claim no friends. I was the one that was supposed to die, I was the one with no regard for his own safety. I always did too much, took too much, took it too far. I was the one who didn’t know the rules. Or didn’t care. They always seemed so much more, at least more than me, in my own way I looked up to them, even if they weren’t exactly positive role models. I wonder how often they tune into me, like I try to tune into them. I wonder if their spirit even remembers me. I hope so, but would understand if they didn’t. Sometimes I can still feel them, they’re all still so human, foreign. Stranger in a strange land. A llama amongst camels
. Hard to live life when sometimes the only thing that matters to you, is what happens after this life ends. When all you want is answers, and for all this to mean something. Llama rant over. Feeling a little better getting those words out. Thank you for reading."
174324585,I feel this really happy knowing that I will die one day. I am happy to see what is after life. This schizophrenia is really messing with my life. Cant enjoy doing anything
175880039,"I have doomsday anxiety, not an official diagnosis but it sums up my experience with anxiety. Its a bit different from paranoia, being that the latter is more targeted towards a belief and anxiety is more of a feeling. I constantly feel like something catastrophic is right around the corner, but when _PERSON_ actively paranoid I’m prepping for it because I feel as though I know its coming. I dont mean prepping as in the ones you see on _NAME_ geo getting ready for a power grid failure, but more emotionally prepping thay I may lose someone because I know something bad has happened to them. I can tell when it is anxiety because I recognize that it isn’t likely that it will happen. I guess for me my paranoia feels more like a certainty if that makes sense. Disclaimer: This is just a summary of my personal experience and is not meant to give an accurate description of either symptoms."
175880040,No need to apologize. Learning as we go is what it’s all about.
174324577,Green tea contains theanine which reduces the jitters caused by caffeine.
175880041,"Honestly, I think that is what the Xanax is for and you should use it if you need it. Why suffer? Hugs, _NAME_... Oh and I hope you are feeling better now."
175880042,"Just damage from purging over the years. Cavities I'm sure, might need root canal, guess I'll see what they say when I get there"
175880043,Too high or too low levels of dopamine can be problematic when it comes to optimal mental well being .
175880044,Some gauze and athletic tape for my SH wounds. Also a sandwich at Subway
175880045,"Walking is not the right verb, but you get what I mean"
174324574,"In any person with SZ; There are 2 different types of electrochemical transmitters, First, is the natural that comes from the brain’s release cell (or where it comes from),it carries the personal thoughts Second,is a parasite transmitter (the voices be heard internally by the person),that does not emit from the brain’s release cell,it is self-directing and carries information. It is only issued by parasitic pathogen (hallucination) specially after the receptor cell receives the natural transmitter It is characterized by extreme high energy more than any natural transmitter issued in the human brain ,and have the full ability to receive any signal that come out from the last receptor cell in the brain and read its implicit message meaning and turn it into spoken voice message (the person feels that there is someone reads his personal thoughts by vocal mechanism ) So,if there is a possibility to distinguish between an electrochemical transmitter signal emitted from the brain cell AND an parasitic 
electrochemical signal emanating from a parasite ( psychological parasite / mental /emotional parasite ) This will be considered actual method to diagnosis the sz pathogen body in any person with sz !!! The benefits of the research coming from the above point"
175880046,"Today I went to the casino my parents gave me some money to play, so I did. I won 100 bucks and the adrenaline rush was so much I had a huge meltdown, I’m feeling better, had to give myself some time before writing this. I feel lost, as to what the f$@# am I suppose to do if I cant take a simple adrenaline rush? So I’m here in a chemically induced drowsiness since I’m having a manic episode right now. Writing this is taking some time since I keep wondering off into different thoughts. I will continue to look forward, I wrote in my diary I said something along the lines of demons cursing me… I have this obsession that I will go into for just a small second. I found myself obsessing over people, I can’t seem to control it. That’s about how far I will go on it. I feel like a broken window. 20191008_181712.jpg 2988×5312 7.4 MB Chemicals…"
175880047,"It is a disorder, you have no control over it, your brain reacts very badly to social situation and some stressful events."
175880048,I like tea mostly - _NAME_ Grey or English Breakfast. I also enjoy coffee and iced tea. For fizzy drinks i enjoy V and Coke.
175880049,That’s great! I haven’t been feeling well the last 2 weeks and haven’t been able to workout in that time. I’m going to start exercising again on Monday
175880050,To other people I act childish and clueless about stuff. I feel like this illness has caused me to digress into a child who doesnt know how to do anything. I have a hard time solving problems and doing things right and Im sick of it. Not only that but the voices tell me im a childish loser who cant do anything right.
174324578,Are you talking about Living Well With Schizophrenia (_NAME_)?
175880051,"I know this will sound narcissistic as hell, but I feel if I don’t take a certain action, millions of people will be disappointed in me. No, I don’t believe I am some type of God or Savior. I think I’m just your average _NAME_ who has bumbled his way into something that got way over my head. I call it my ‘spectacle delusion’."
175880052,_AT_MENTION_ image3200×1680 404 KB
175880053,very cool stuff! The first one reminds me of the book Rainbow Fish
175880054,It seems like you smell something burning pretty frequently. Its probably your mind playing tricks on you. But it could be coming from another apartment in the complex and you’re just very sensitive to the smell. Are you sensitive to smells in general?
175880055,also benadryl will
175880056,"Nope, plain old yellow box cheerios. Bleh"
175880057,Congrats. Getting through school with a mental illness is not easy.
175880058,"I don’t see them when I close my eyes. When I close my eyes though, I always see a swirling vortex of random shapes and colors. I thought everyone saw this for a long time, until a friend informed me that she only sees solid black or dim red when she closes her eyes."
175880059,I absolutely love it
175880060,"_AT_MENTION_ …when I was down, depressed, I considered suicide…but my uncle told me only cowards commits suicide, and that he would pi*ss on my grave if I did it…that actually helped me a lot…I got through the depression and life improved…suicide is never the answer…you hurt loads of people there is hope when you have depression…it eases with time and patience"
175880061,But what if it’s the wrong meds?? I once thought I got the wrong meds when I was at the ward
174324583,If he starts you on a medication then you need to continue taking it as stopping causes your positive symptoms to return and even worse. Also if he needlessly gave medication then also stopping it abruptly causes positive symptoms to appear even if not have one before as our body get dependant on medication pretty quickly. I suggest you to find other opinions from different doctors if you are not sure if have now positive symptoms or not.
175880062,Traveling _NAME_ location in town to get my depot from now on because of covid 19.
175880063,Frappuccino in salted dark chocolate.....along with a Boston Creme pie handpie
174324599,i too am a sz person with lots of pride. elyn saks amazes me. my cognitive decline was so bad right from the start i couldn’t entertain the thought of reading a magazine and here she is going to law school at yale of all things. remarkable. _NAME_
175880064,"I have paranoia about my interactions with other people and also autism so sometimes people are overwhelmed by my inability to pick up on social cues. I worry that my therapists don’t care too, and I sometimes am confused by their reactions to me. However, I do find that a professional, competent and ethical therapist can still help me develop certain skills and tools that help in the long run. It took a lot of getting over myself and my hypervigilence to what I perceived other people were thinking about me to continue in therapy. I did also try a few therapists to find one that is a better fit. It’s not comfortable, but I’m glad that I did because I find that I’ve retained information that had proved helpful to me. Good luck to you _AT_MENTION_."
174324586,"Beta alanine worsened my tactile hallucinations. It made my mouth burn, plus it caused me to itch everywhere. It did sedate me however. I would compare the sedation that of similiar to clozapine."
174324590,what kind of things did you think?
175880065,"Yeah my doctor pushed me to try Vraylar, and I became psychotic. I switched back to Risperdal."
174324588,"The Independent – 7 Jun 19 Women who experience domestic abuse 'three times more likely to develop... ‘Significant public health burden’ of leaving abuse survivors unsupported as study shows anxiety, depression and serious psychological conditions increased"
175880066,No. It’s not a long ordeal.
175880067,I feel you. I missed out on that too.
175880068,"Your right, _AT_MENTION_ schizophrenia is the only disorder in the diagnostic manual considered a brain disorder, not merely psychological."
175880069,"OK, I have that occasionally. I alternate between different “orientations” as _PERSON_ put it (see the quotes as part of the page you linked to). -A."
175880070,Hydroxyzine gave me the least side effects. I’m thinking of just going back on that and “putting up” with the mild anxiety.
175880071,"Same, I see mainly the shadow entities and other creatures while awake but only see a weird wormhole of red and purple with black streaks while my eyes are closed."
175880072,Meds may have developed tolerance.
175880073,"Before psychosis, I was definitely a people-person. Nowadays, I still like people-- just getting back to normal after some serious thought broadcasting and paranoia."
175880074,Dairy is an important part of a healthy diet. Mainly because it has protein and calcium.
175880075,"Take car, _AT_MENTION_"
175880076,I don’t think this is real its just my imagination.
175880077,I went without coffee for months but back on it. Didn’t notice any difference whether I had it or not so these days in the mornings I’ll drink coffee. Usually 1 to 2 cups a day or a regular latte when out. During the day I might have one or two cups of tea. It’s not bad experimenting with things. I’m on a kick where I’m getting out of bed at 4 am. Need some coffee to get through that madness!
175880078,Change your meds or increase your current dosage?
175880079,"Yeah there is no secret formula. As posters above have mentioned, you need to try and try again. Set some realistic goals and go after them, tooth and nail."
175880080,"Latuda caused me bad nausea even with lots of food, sometimes I puked."
175880081,"if the mods put my account on hold, okay, but a glitch in the system was preventing me from posting and commenting? I really don’t think so. thru data surveillance the Feds can do anything, plus when I’m on here, the heading when I’m posting keeps flashing, blinking, shaking. I’m sure they also want to know if any of us are planning on going on a killing spree. bas-ta-rds."
175880082,I met my husband through a roleplaying game on Yahoo chatrooms. We were friends but when we met in person we clicked and fell in love. Neither of us expected that. Now we’ve been married almost 20 years
175880083,Sorry things are going so poorly for you
175880084,"That sounds really stressful _AT_MENTION_ Your mom’s manipulative behavior is her problem, not yours. Please don’t let her poor behavior negatively influence you, and please don’t resort to drinking alcohol."
175880085,do u have other illness make u on antibiotics at first?
175880086,"Thank you so much for sharing your story. It’s important for people like “us” to find each other, connect, and stick together. Not many people understand the demon that is bipolar depression! I am almost 25 years old, and I’ve been battling this for about ten years. Right now, I am on Lamictal (for bipolar depression). I’ve been on over a dozen meds, and none of them made a notable difference. Some made it worse. Some would work for a few months, then stop abruptly. This one has been a saving grace for me. I can feel a difference if I miss doses. Listen to your body. Doctors know medical terms, and study how the brain works. But they don’t know “your” brain. YOU live with it everyday. ??"
175880087,I’ve also started taking a magnesium supplement which seems to pair nicely with Amyloban. Not so much pressure on my frontal lobes as compared when taking it alone.
175880088,"I got asked that by a therapist in the state hospital. I let a sucker eat me, so to speak."
175880089,Sounds soothing. My bf is a musician. I can ask him to sing a soothing song on record if he’s up for it
175880090,Right. So saying you lied could be a lie in itself. You’re asking for advice and you’re getting it and all you want to do is argue with everything we say. My new advice is to stop asking for advice because you don’t listen to it anyway and instead you frustrate everyone talking to you.
175880091,Do you have any loved ones in the vulnerable group?
175880092,thank you… …_PHONE_NO_
174324587,Who said I have energy?
175880093,I dont like showers but I do them. It’s the way I feel and experience life on medication.
175880094,"Accepting that you have at least one real delusion is a very positive step, just remember that you are the patient, not the doctor."
174324600,OMG that’s won’t that your doctor gives it to you in the arm let alone goes around the lumps. That’s just not right. As the person who’s getting the shot you have the right to tell them to put it in the hip area which won’t hurt as bad as the arm. Maybe u should try telling your doctor again it is hurting in the arm or go back to the mental health facility and tell them My nurse use to go in the arm then she got moved now my new nurse is so nice and let’s me get it in the hip plus they should be rotating arms for you like one month right arm next month left arm.
175880095,…I still believe that it’s possible to find out some kind of new medicine that will make things better
175880096,I remember being concerned about hyperprolactin with amisulphride… Is that something u have gotten checked on this ap? I guess being able to check prolactin levels could help
175880097,"Agreed. If you need valium to cope with talking to someone, they aren’t good for you."
175880098,Merry Christmas!!! I hope you at least come by sometimes and check in so we know how you’re doing
174324591,My sza started so early (14) so I don’t know what I would have turned out like. But I would definitely have gone to varsity. I wanted to but then my sza became full blown and I couldn’t anymore. If I didn’t have sza I might have had a job by now and been independent. But although I’m married I don’t have a job or money or a driving licence so I’m totally dependant on my husband for financial support and he has to come along with me when i drive as I only have learners. I think my teeth would be in better shape too.
175880099,"Actually, maybe I'll get back into doing my makeup here. My mother still does hers. Never too old if it's something you enjoy. I brought a few basic pieces here but I'm afraid of it getting stolen. Everything gets stolen here. My face wash which I loved was stolen. 3 brand new bottles of cleansers were stolen. I have a long list of stolen items. They pick the little locks on the top drawers of the dressers. Steal cash, all kinds of stuff."
174324594,"Abilify 20mg also worked but it caused other issues, impulsivity and hypersexuality."
174324595,"I think negative symptoms, depression etc won’t create erection issues. It can create low mood but it won’t affect erections in any way. Erection issues is linked to some kind of physical problem. Erection requires proper blood circulation so its worth to check heart function too."
175880100,"I was only hospitalized once, in late September/early October 1993. I did two weeks in a crisis center in October 2014 when my paranoia got too bad to function on my own. Both experiences were very helpful."
175880101,"Give it time, at least 6 weeks. By then you should have a good idea of what is working! Zyprexa has been very good for me. I’ve been stable for a long time on it and haven’t needed any adjustments in over a decade!"
174324596,Clozapine is the best for me.
175880102,"It does sound a bit paranoid, as well as jumping to conclusions. I don’t think you are narcissistic, just self-conscious Maybe"
175880103,20200510_1350131536×2048 855 KB
175880104,"My left hand involuntarily moves from time to time, but it’s kind of subtle. I’m still going to let my doctor know."
175880105,"_AT_MENTION_ ,I’m OK.A bit nervous because I was in city today,and it brings me stress.I don’t like the fuss."
175880106,"Thorazine is also used for chronic hiccups, usually after surgery. It's used for a lot of things"
175880107,"I started the fire That exploded the stars I raised my hand And the river flooded the lands. The great catastrophe has begun I am its maker, its master, its god. The earth shakes beneath you Because of my command It cracks and falls to nothing below. Your homes swallowed by the fertile soil And ripped to shreds by the darkened sky My voice rings out “I rule the heavens and earth below.” Fall down before me. I will destroy your lands and your family And all that you possess. Then you will run to me and offer up your sacrifice When I am pleased with an offering I am benevolent When you do not give me your finest I will know because I can see Deep inside you. I know you to the depth of your soul. Come away and bring with you my gift We shall see what your fate will be. Shall you fall into the never ending _NAME_. Or will you fly above the stars. Kneel."
174324605,"I am on Abilify Maintena, maximum dose, and I have to get it every three weeks, because it starts crapping out on me before the full four weeks. That’s just my experience with it, though; yours might be different. It’s a good med for me, though."
175880108,i never was with anyone after my diagnosis… but i was with somebody when i was sick but didn’t have official diagnose yet. and now i’m not interested in meeting anybody as i like to be by myself and i got my mum and dad for social contact…
175880109,"Hello hurtingmom_Bee3, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about supporting an adult child. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=su... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with mental health. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We h
ope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175880110,Thanks so much _AT_MENTION_ Happy to hear it called art!
175880111,"Was it a relief to get your diagnosis, did it make you feel more hopeful because you knew it could be treated?"
175880112,161259403714522950888646160016163024×4032 1.49 MB A recent addition to my creative portfolio.
175880113,I tried congentin and ended up in the emergency ward because I had no energy at all. I saw an orthopedic doctor and said the way I walk is like I had Parkinsons. I have to go to physical therapy to try and fix the way I walk.
174324598,"I have a friend named _NAME_ who watches Judge _NAME_ and reminds me of the song by _NAME_ from the movie Never Let Me Go based on the book Never Let Me Go. Yes, it definitely bothers me the way she gets treated moving from group home to group home and her one pride in life being her ability to make an extra $100-200 per month working part time. I wish I could study her more but day treatment has shut her up and largely prevented me from empathizing with anyone who has schizophrenia. Everyone acts like their lives are full of blessing at support group and to be honest, I haven’t been able to feel much empathy during all my time as a schizophrenic person though I cared a lot about the low income community as a teen and I really liked “ghetto” stuff. But now I’m forced to act like I live a life of comfort under my parent’s roof, showing interest in dating, going out for milk tea with my friend _NAME_, attending support groups, and ignoring the plight of the mentally ill community. My mom do
esn’t really want me to focus on working and probably even thinks it’s distracting from what my one true goal in life which is to get married and stop embarrassing the family by working a low paying part time job. I guess if I had to choose between working and loosing weight, my mom would make me choose exercise. But obviously I do not want to suffer… idk, I worry about myself, lol… I definitely want to just relax now that my symptoms are dying down, but my parents will do anything to make it my goal to loose weight."
175880114,why does this remind of a charged _USER_ID_…
175880115,"Yes I freeze for several minutes without even moving my eyes, my parents hit me and yell at me to “wake” me up, its the worst feeling in my life as bad as death. My parents were scared and called 911."
175880116,I need Ativan also but my Dr. is worried I will get addicted…
175880117,I agree. My life is about survival now.
175880118,Glad you had a good time!
175880119,Do we really need to know this stuff?
175880120,"I usually force myself to also. I have severe ocd, so I shower every time I leave the apartment. I was so overwhelmed by it, I didn’t even go outside for days."
175880121,They’re gross and delusional.
175880122,I see a lot of creatures some of them are kind of cool though
175880123,. THAT . IS . INSANE . Like Pretty Okay Job Yo (Sarcasm)
175880124,"Ah I see, I’m asking about a different medication though"
175880125,"Nowadays, corruption IS the power of justice …"
175880126,I want an antidepressant that isn't serotonergic. Something like phenibut and that I can take every day.
175880127,"no it can’t please dun take it( i think it is the ans u wanted to have for yourself), if u are so skeptical about medication and treatment just dun take any until u realized u have to and take them with good compliance .u’ve tried so many aps in so many year but so inconsietenly no plan has worked out for you finallly. U are just another cuxt like me. we are very much the same."
175880128,I’ve definitely made some poor decisions over my lifetime. A lot of it was due to my mental illness.
175880129,"1 new house in safe, quiet area far away from home frickin depot. 2 property that makes money by being in operation, like a dedicated server building. 3 live secure off profits. buy my parents a big home nearby. eat delicious healthy meals from personal chef."
175880130,Im on haldol depot and i dont have this delusion. Dont have any delusions
175880131,You have to take the bad with the good.
175880132,"I have anxiety and panic attacks too. How did you deal with this? What I did was constantly pace around and tried not to swallow, but it was a pain trying to go to sleep."
175880133,"I cannot work for many, many reasons. Both psychological and physical."
175880134,"I dont get any side effects on my current medication thankfully. I think some of the worst side effects I’ve gotten on past meds have been anxiety/akathisia so bad I wanted to kill myself, extreme sedation and dizziness to where I couldn’t drive anymore, weight gain, loss of ability to orgasm and loss of ability to concentrate"
175880135,"Yes, just got out"
175880136,"Pnurse at least? It may be time for an adjustment on your meds, or a PRN for breakthrough symptoms like that."
175880137,Have you ever heard of a plastic surgery conspiracy theory? I haven’t and that’s why this scares me as something real.
175880138,"Your sz was also physical, isn’t it? The reason is our mind, that’s what the docs say here… But its often physical too isn’t it? I saw some ill people who seem in quite a pain too, but I am not sure everybody with sz has physical manifestations of the illness? How was it for you? I can get so worried, that I find myself in pain physically… I feel different stuff inside, in my soul and body… And I don’t feel my mind ‘‘open’’ if I can use this word… Its overcharged with worries, negatives and other stuff… Can the ap lift even my physical sensations with time? All this makes me quite a disabled person… I have to rest even from my mother…"
175880139,"Meds yes, except my ADHD meds which I am having trouble getting and my Fish Oil which I need to take later."
175880140,"I feel like I have something akin to bipolar, but instead of ups and down, it's way down and further down, and I cycle between the two endlessly by a hairs thought. I think too much of the past, I don't know how I can let it go when thoughts of my past just at me like iron to a magnet. I need to move on but I can't, and then I make a new paranoid ""realization"" of the past and then experience another horrible truth about my actions, and down we go, and it takes forever to recover until I do the same thing again. Possible trigger: I feel like a dog that needs to be put to sleep."
174324602,i have positive symptoms like hallucination delusions i increased amisuplride et 800mg to 400 from maybe so it will be better.you think? there are musical hallucinations mainly
175880141,Very helpful! Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !
174324609,Too bad they did not check cerebrospital levels of 5-MTFH to discover possible cerebral folate deficiency cases.
175880142,"hey guys i haven't posted in this thread in a long time but i'm having a really rough go of it this week with voices and my brain is hurting and i feel like my vision and thinking is pretty distorted... i normally just go to chat room but apparently that is down until tomorrow. so if any of you feel like chatting and have kik, i can give you my username via PM. and i'll try to check back here for today until the chat room gets resolved. i have a lot of homework i'm behind on and i'm just trying to use all my brain power to try to get it done without flunking. having a really rough time. hoping it will pass shortly."
174324606,"It really depends. Most antipsychotics reduce positive symptoms. I’ve never been on Vraylar. Abilify didn’t do anything for me except make me extremely angry. Abilify actually has a warning that says it can increase aggression. The best combination I’ve been on is 12 mg of paliperodone and 1 mg of haloperidol. (And 200 mg of Lamictal for mania). The main reducer of positive symptoms is dopamine D2 antagonism. Almost all antipsychotic medication does this. Well, except Vraylar and Abilify. These two are actually D2 agonists. Which is opposite of almost every other antipsychotic. So it’s counterintuitive, I don’t know why these reduce positive symptoms in some. (Abilify didn’t for me). I heard Vraylar is for everything–psychosis, anxiety and depression. (But not mood)."
175880143,Keep trying. Make anything work.
175880144,_AT_MENTION_ months and I realized my pee level never went up
175880145,"Aren't you on snapchat ? That would be a way to keep updated without posting here, I don't know how active that is though since I don't use it"
175880146,Wow your picture is beautiful!
175880147,"There’s another obvious reason why I want to stop, is that the two pin heads are privy to my thought processes and actions. I don’t need that crap!!"
175880148,OCD is the worst! When do you decide to hospitalize yourself for it?
175880149,"Yes, it’s legit. It’s just like _AT_MENTION_ said, everyone has biases, even people of color and non-racist people (and they usually all go in the same direction - favoring white people). The brain is very good at quickly sorting information, and it does this mainly based on previous information (e.g. the availability heuristic). That previous information is usually heavily skewed against people of color because we are fed more negative information about people of color from the media, the internet, politicians, etc."
175880150,I try to listen but its hard when y’all fail tongive sound reasoning
175880151,Another great one
175880152,I don’t feel my depression is that bad to be honest I haven’t felt suicidal since my mid to late teens. I’m almost 36.
175880153,Fresh young un aged cheese that’s produced by churning curds and whey during cheese making Think small chunks
174324616,Welcome to the forum!
175880154,I was called a Mantid being once lol.
174324607,"Saphris, Rexulti, Topamax and Cymbalta"
175880155,It's an unabridged version translated by _NAME_
174324612,"I have used chinese medicine, but not for this… 616 212"
175880156,"I struggle with wanting to run away when I’m having an episode, too. It helps me to come on here and talk it through with people. When I’m talking, I can remember the reasons for staying home and staying safe."
174324613,"Very few minors get diagnosed with schizophrenia or schizoaffective. Psychosis NOS is generally considered a stopgap diagnosis, that people get when they have a first episode of psychosis. If your psychosis persists, you will likely get a different diagnosis eventually."
175880157,"I don’t have that problem but my negative symptoms were better on Abilify. I want to try Vraylar, its similar to Abilify, partial dopamine agonist."
175880158,Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_ ! Have you spoken to your doctor about this sudden depression? It could be S.A.D. and a S.A.D. lamp might help.
175880159,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880160,That's where I was at a couple of weeks ago. I just wanted to stop taking my meds and reset but I know it is dangerous to just stop taking them. Sometimes I want to though. I hear you _AT_MENTION_
174324610,I wonder if being _USER_ID_ vader caused it
175880161,I'll be reading _NAME_ second Philosophical work titled Enquiry into Human Understanding.
175880162,Well I don’t like it but there are people on this site who swear by it
175880163,yes all self improvement is crap. better not improve
175880164,"Personally, i like a good English Breakfast or _NAME_ Grey tea. Although they do make some wonderful blends such as Chai Spiced Tea not far from where i live."
175880165,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for everything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Projec
t — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
175880166,"I am over bananaed. I like the bananas that come in a bag. I don’t like the other ones. But I can’t eat all those. Not all by myself. I mean by the time they get ripe enough you have to start eating nothing but bananas for days to be able to eat them before they get too ripe. Living by yourself almost means you have to learn to make banana bread lol. or banana cream pie. or banana pudding. or something. Or I guess I can stop getting bananas, I like apples and oranges too."
175880167,Weighed this morning and I was at 196! That is my pre-antipsychotic weight! I hope to get down to 165 which is where I was at before I used eating to cope with psychosis.
175880168,a flannel for my dad and a fleece for my mom from Amazon.
175880169,"I like it, very clean looking. Keep up with it!"
174324608,"Sorry, it was a poorly engineered paragraph. First, over the course of 1-2 months, he went down on Zyprexa without making any other changes at the same time. Second, he reduced the Klonopin gradually with no other changes at the same time. Third, he lowered the Abilify by half. This coincided with no other changes, either. Hopefully that made more sense."
174324615,I just got a job as a teacher part-time. It will pay 34 dollars per hour. I am also considering going to nursing school. I am doing well thanks to my shots. I am happy!! My family is not doing well despite my situation. My brother is jealous of me- he suffers from ocd and passsive- aggressive disorder and is abusive towards me. He can’t believe I am doing better than he is and is really abusive. I still care about him but realize I am responsible for my own destiny and actions. I won’t let him interfere with my aspirations and dreams. My family is so dysfunctional. It is sad!
175880170,Hi honey. Good to hear from you. Sounds like a good strategy. I hope it works for you. Let us know.
175880171,"One thing I want to tell people is that if you get clean and get into recovery, it helps a lot with SZ symptoms."
175880172,"Just listening to music tonight. Gonna go to bed on the early side. Asking my psychiatrist tomorrow if I can lower the olanzapine, reason being that I am getting super depressed by it late in the day. It has had that effect on me in the past. So, that's where I got that idea."
175880173,"I am in the same boat and my anxiety has skyrocketed with all the uncertainty of _PERSON_. I have a loving family, happy marriage, beautiful fur babies and I hate that despite all of that, my anxiety can still take over for periods at a time. This is something I have dealt with for at least 15 years. I have tried several different meds for aniexty/depression...looking back I wish I would have tried other methods before jumping in to meds! Most are helpful, but coming off of them can be a nightmare. I am proud to say that with meditation, distractions (fishing, working out, volunteering, crafting) being vocal to my husband and family about needing support...that I am officially off of all medication. Most recently I was on Lexapro and it took over a month of sickness, brain zap sensations, vertigo and lethargy...but I am feeling back to normal! I protect my mental health as much as possible, even when it seems IMPOSSIBLE. Sometimes that means staying off social media and not constantly watching the 
news (Covid19 and all that negativity and scare), doing what truly makes me happy and committing to doing so at least once a day, making my home as cozy and homey as possible and keeping it that way, reassuring myself that if a panic attack starts to come on that I AM stronger than it and I will not let my anxiety own me. Be kind with your head. You can get lost in it, so make sure you feed it positivity and be gentle with yourself. You are stronger than you think if you only let yourself believe that. Rome was not built in a day, your anxiety was not either. You CAN manage it and CAN look it in the face and tell it to back off. Stay strong my dear : )"
175880174,The only people that phone me are my mum and the gp
175880175,I agree you have nothing to apologise for. Good that you eventually got to leave the bathroom and seem to be feeling better.
175880176,You can always sign up again
175880177,"As of posting I realized I never got a hot wheels sticker from the goody basket, I will be leaving a 1 star review on Yelp thank you very much"
175880178,"That happens to be a lot. When I’m not clearly recognized, I feel like others and have their thoughts."
175880179,"On the supplement they should write the actual elemental lithium which is lithium ion alone not connected to anything. There is many forms of lithium: Many different lithium salts can be used as medication, including lithium carbonate, lithium acetate, lithium sulfate, lithium citrate, lithium orotate, and lithium gluconate."
175880180,If it makes you feel any better I’m fighting intrusive thoughts too… It’s hard
175880181,I worked a part-time fast food job for eight months on risperidone. I got frequent comments from one coworker on how out of it I seemed and how I should quit the meds and try her way of self-medicating instead but I think I did pretty well for myself anyway.
175880182,"I’m sure it is haunted by many past trends and questionable décor. It’s been updated in the last ten years, I’d say. So it’s pretty modern. I would would die with all that dark paneling and cabinets. The house does have a very unique 70s style light fixture that’s turquoise and gold in glass. It’s really cool."
175880183,Thats part of the intelligence. Intelligence isn’t intelligence if you can’t use it. That what my therapist said too.
175880184,I’m glad it helped
174324624,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175880185,Go ahead and do ya thang miss lady
175880186,Good stuff _AT_MENTION_.
175880187,Just watched _PERSON_. Really like it
175880188,"I’ve been on a low dose of vraylar for awhile now. I take it in conjunction with my main AP, latuda. It helps me with negatives and positives. I’d say it’s a good drug, but everyone is different"
175880189,? always thought i was more special than other kids. Unfortunately i really was.
175880190,I like _NAME_ k dick too. Have you seen a waking life? Thoughts on it?
174324620,"I think they want Abilify to work bcz you’re only 15 and other meds increase prolactine which can change your hormones. I am on Risperdal, its a strong antipsychotic close to Clozapine. For Clozapine you need regular blood tests so idk if your parents will be ok with that if they prescribe it. Clozapine is the strongest."
175880191,20210326_0848352279×3447 1.13 MB 20210326_0848032663×2325 1000 KB
175880192,I was diagnosed around 40. I’m 50 now and the last 10 years went by in the blink of an eye. Be prepared for time speeding up
175880193,"It took 2 years to finally get a hearing for my SSI claim. I have applied before but this time I was able to get help with an attorney. I applied in September 2019, and the Hearing is for May 2021. I am nervous they won’t think I’m disabled enough because it’s not an obvious or visible disease. I have three or four other chronic health conditions I wasn’t even able to include: sleep apnea etc. and I’m definitely unhappy with my weight but I have been losing pounds lately. I’m just worried about the future, and SSI would be nice but I can’t count on it I hear horror stories of people on the cusp of losing it all the time. Not having a job or source of income, not having a degree, having schizophrenia and no one guiding me on how to gain income on my own. Parents one is disabled and the other is too busy working to be able to support me on that issue. My dad won’t pay any of my bills. It really kind of bothers me…but he doesn’t pay bills for health related or food. I really want t
o work and have money so I don’t end up carrying my parents debt or who knows what happens. But since I can’t seem to get any sort of gainful work or employment I am filing for SSI. I obsess about getting jobs all the time, and yet can’t manage to get one because there are so many barriers. No car, so can’t go to the local warehouse, or anything in person. Just spent stimulus $600 on a nice computer Should I continue job searching while I wait for my hearing? If I am able to finally start working in like a month, I would probably have to tell them at the SSI hearing? The general advice I am receiving is that the admin. uses any excuse it can to deny people, it’s because of the Republicans, and that the new administration will hopefully fix the outdated system. If I had money I could do a lot more. But I’m living without money right now. I think having some money to spend would be a good thing, whether I find a good job or get some help, either way something would be better than nothing."
175880194,I don’t know what that means. Could you elaborate?
175880195,"Dude, it won’t hurt to have a burger or a steak once in a while. If you can, eat vegan or vegetarian part of the time. If you can, eat fish part of the time. Chicken isn’t bad. Skinless is best, but the breast on the bone w/ skin is fine. Even theighs, drumsticks, or leg quarters with skin are cool if cooked on a rack so that most of the fat is rendered off. I’ve found that if I eat vegetarian most of the time and take the meds for cholesterol, diabetes type 2, etc; I can eat pretty much anything as long as I don’t go nuts eating non-stop donuts and double bacon cheeseburgers 24/7."
175880196,"It was over a period of time and from what I know, slowly. _AT_MENTION_ isn’t one to play with his health."
175880197,I sleep with my 15lb weighted blanket that bought off amazon. With this rehab fund from mental health. i got i think i got last year that rehab fund paid 50% of the money. It helps me sleep at night. I have noticed with amazon deals almost every single day there has been a different weighted blanket on sale. My friends make fun of me and my weighted blanket because it takes me awhile to get to the door. I dropped it on one of them one time and said let me see you get to the door fast. They had a much harder time then i ever do because im use to it.
175880198,"It’s probably placebo,but I’ll continue to take it and finish the bottle somehow"
175880199,hey nice to hear you had good sleepies in your new bed =) I’m not doing much today. I watched “Never Say Never Again” with my dad and then an episode of the simpsons. Now i’m listening music and browsing the forum. My arm is still a bit sore of the covid shot but it’s not too bad.
175880200,Walk my brothers dogs. Post a birthday card. Visit my sacred neigh.
174324621,The Schizophrenia News Forum won’t load either?
175880201,I feel horribly.. better this morning.. I took 150mg Seroquel to sleep.
175880202,_PERSON_’s version of Oaxacan mole sauce!
175880203,"That’s a great idea, their taking it too lightly.I can’t understand people who travel abroad, fair enough if it’s for work but you shouldn’t need to then you shouldn’t. Idiots."
175880204,oh but don’t you love the suspense of when it’s coming? I certainly hope your wish comes true…that punch sounds delicious.
175880205,"Uh, um, Uh, I think I, I guess."
174324625,What med are you on now? Which have you tried and doses? Did you have voices?
174324622,"_AT_MENTION_ Can you take just one, either doxepin or melatonin?"
175880206,I need something fun to do. Anhedonia is killing me. All that motivates me and gives me fun is video games. My parents tried many times to make me walk with them outside.
175880207,Too much thinking in a landscape with rabbit holes
175880208,I clipped my toe nails the other day
175880209,I think it is not your fault. You didn’t do anything wrong.
175880210,"I ran a ground maintenance business for about 8 years. I only had a couple customers, but they had alot of properties. I rarely had to talk to anyone, except on the phone when they wanted changes or extra stuff done. If I hadn’t injured my back, I’d still be doing it."
174324627,Thats cool you’;ll feel better the less your on
175880211,I did a long time ago and he prescribed 600 mg ibuprofen and said he thought it was tension headaches. He passed away. Now I have a new doctor. I haven’t talked to her about it. I’m going to though. I want to get my neck checked. I think I might have a disc out or arthritis or something like that because the headache seems to come from the neck area a lot.
175880212,"I’ve scored high on these online autism quizzes, and I thought I should get tested. I recently asked my pdoc and case manager about it, and they both said there are a lot of similarities between sz and autism/_PERSON_. My pdoc felt I didn’t need to get tested. But maybe you should ask your pdoc _AT_MENTION_? They will give you the best advice."
175880213,OMG thats terrible. Glad you’re ok.
175880214,I gained weight on olanzapine. I guess diet and exercise are the best ways to lose weight on that drug.
175880215,took injection
175880216,Good luck with the clozapine. I hope it helps you a lot!
175880217,Same here. I think I’ll have more fun being dead
174324628,Were you taken to a charter school for “special boys” with a “lisp”?
174324619,"IMO it can be as much of a cognitive thing. For example - I have relatively poor executive functioning(especially organising and planning,multi step tasks) I can get easily overwhelmed at the thought of a task like keeping my flat clean . That lead to my making little attempt to keep on top of things while living in Essex. After a while the motivation to do things lessens in order to avoid the feeling of being overwhelmed ."
175880218,"Yeah ive got it on my phone too, but always forget to set it lol."
175880219,You look smart with those glasses. But your hair is a bit crazy lol
175880220,"Kratom is similiar in effects to Kava Kava and Kava Kava has some good AP traits to it; but may worsen the side effects of APs if taken together. Problem is, not all Kava Kava products are safe; as some articles claim that it could damage your liver. Anyhoo, see how it goes, talk to your pdoc and see if they let you continue taking Kratom. I might just look into it again and mention it to my pdoc."
175880221,"What kind of meditation was this? While I work, i've done everything a million times, and usually, when I get to work alone, it's like meditation. Some people don't like that inner silence though, and they have to talk, which I do enjoy my fair share, but I've cultivated myself to being a very good listener while I work now. I don't know if that has anything to do with meditation though."
175880222,Good luck _AT_MENTION_
175880223,Then try to do the same with your psychiatrist…
175880224,Sti k with gentle sports like walking. I do body pump and Pilates classes that is ok
175880225,"I was in the basement yesterday. We just have a sliding door seperating the two floors with a 3/4 inch gap from the bottom of the door to the floor. When i was in the basement i looked at this door and saw feet shuffling about behind the door. It moved to the right and that was the end of it. I literally was like “oh cool hallucination yay”. Then continued watching tv. But today im worried that theres someone in the house. To be fair i always feel this way. But im too chicken ???? to check the house. I checked the upstairs and am staying up here, but i aint going down there again… Even if it is a hallucination im worried that this fear will cause sleep paralysis with hallucinations of this entity. Ive had an entity stand over me with a knife in its hand while shaking me before. They are not fun…!"
175880226,I know a lot about sleep apena in general because I’m slowly developing breathing weakness from a genetic condition. You should go to a pulmonologist or do a sleep study if you can.
175880227,_AT_MENTION_ it can be just a slice of toast and it’ll upset my stomach it’s just today I almost cried and I’ve ate a lot of cheese and it does nothing to my stomach
175880228,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_ . I am tired of making excuses. I don’t want to miss my appointments, but I can’t help it. My psychiatrist has a note in my chart not to charge me for missed appointments. I always let them know ahead of time, just not always a full day (unless it’s really bad) because I don’t know how I will do day-to-day."
175880229,You’re welcome. I’m sure they have something to show you.
175880230,"Thank you so much for your reply. Good idea to distract myself. It is sometimes difficult for me to concentrate on movies and TV, but I still like watching. My voices are the religious type too, but they punish me for reading thd Bible or having religious thoughts. Thinking of other human suffering is consoling to me too. I’m glad you’re here too, but sorry you are also suffering so much."
175880231,Remember to take your medication.
174324633,"Schizophrenia definitely has a strong bio-chemical component, in fact it could be argued this is the only component. Such bio-chemical malfunction could be inherited so in this sense it is something that comes from before, like karma. Studies have shown you inherit some attachments as well, and these grow into delusions, but you can always free yourself from attachments by simply choosing not to focus on them. The problem with schizophrenia is not the weird thoughts you are attached to, it is how the prison of the brain is damaged in a manner that makes how you relate to your thoughts and experiences disfunctional. You are always attached to something in my view, the idea is not to be deluded about your attachments and see them for what they really are, superstitions."
175880232,I’m a fellow Hypochondriac also. Mine centers around worries about my heart.
175880233,"That I’m afraid of bonding, that’s why I see people as fake actors"
175880234,Why? You can’t take it “as needed” can you? Don’t you have to take it continuously?
175880235,"All i will say is - do a cursory seach on this site, for people that have been doing or tempted todo weed. It will just bring on psychosis, positive symptoms and your primary nurse would not be too bloody happy either."
175880236,Psychiatric Times Battle of the Antipsychotic Bulge: Switching and Weight Gain Does switching antipsychotics quell weight gain in patients with severe mental illness? A _NAME_-analysis of 59 relevant studies provides insights.
175880237,took one late last night. so i didn't today but we will see tomorrow.
175880238,i will be in bed at 12 tonight
175880239,"So I managed to read more than five pages of my book on theories of chakras yesterday before 2pm. I want to read at least five pages of it again today, again before 2pm. Thank you."
175880240,Wait… I’ve always liked you and your postings but you legit confused me there… can you try a different tack or repeat in another way
175880241,Oh…true true true
175880242,I know what you mean _AT_MENTION_ . I envy those that had a more “humane” upbringing too.
175880243,"_AT_MENTION_ Thanks dude! She definitely killed it _AT_MENTION_ Same here, its only been recently that I came out of my shell and sang. It wasnt good singing but Im at the point where I don’t care what people think. Youve just got to get to that point, and even if you’re bad realize no one will hold it against you and you get better the more you try!"
175880244,"If you think that you're going to harm yourself, seek professional help or hospital <3"
175880245,Sorry I can’t give u an answer to that. Idk how to explain it without feeling uncomfortable. U can take a guess if u want. But I won’t say yes or no. _PERSON_.
175880246,This is like the A+.....omg so much legacy stuff......everyone hates it but it’s the entry level IT cert.....
175880247,we are mind/gladiators we desreve rewards imo
175880249,"_AT_MENTION_ , have you bought a harp yet? Can we see with photos? Have you started lessons yet? I’m excited for you!"
175880250,I thought I was burning in a subtle way so I took my shirt off and began to roll on the ground over and over again - then I sprayed myself with a fire extinguisher - then I thought aliens were placing me into major pressure (like diving to the bottom of a swimming pool) - then I thought my cigarettes would harm the world - all out crazy! I’m doing better these days!
175880251,"Looks to be ok, but if it’s causing problems, don’t drink it."
175880252,Mindfulness could help you with focusing on your thoughts
175880253,I also believe my thoughts are being broadcasted over tv and that the country is watching my life on hidden spy cameras.
175880254,How has your depression and social anxiety been over this time?
175880255,Can somebody explain how we can improve? Diet/exercise what else?
175880256,our cat seems miffed that we have a ceramic tree and Festivus pole this year instead of something he can gnaw on MI_29122020_1731719×762 143 KB
175880257,"I was teaching a housemate how to make her bed. She was struggling a little and I just got mad. I know this is not good because it makes her feel stupid and shes not stupid, she’s just slow and a little hard of hearing. I act like she’s not worthy of my time. Where is my heart?"
175880258,Got my ER bills in from March/April whenever I went. 114 dollars and another for 23 dollars. Not the worst I guess.
175880259,_USER_ID_ if it does.
175880260,"A huge pink stain appeared on my shirt somehow. I have no idea what from. Getting more and more anxious. My friend hasn't texted me at all so far today. He's probably going to get a little distanced as indicated by the Saturn progression. I hate that, he's all I have."
175880261,"Yes, a giant Saint _NAME_."
175880262,Well now you need to add another 5 lol
175880263,Great Advice. I Couldnt have put it better.
175880264,"I workout regularly.I always thought/say,Working out can earn you money.This sentence is illogical,working out cannot earn you money “directly”.I am just wondering about this,luckily working out is a positive thing and not a vice Working out too much I thought might be bad for health also,but I still do it regularly so that I don’t lose much momentum"
175880265,They don’t allow caffeine in most hospitals. It’s always decaf. One of the reasons I hate the mental hospital. I seem to have less delusions while in there. It’s like a detox. Insurance won’t cover it. Not a real addiction. They say it’s like cheeseburgers or being addicted to candy.
175880266,"I feel like I am being severely underpaid for the amount of work I am having to do for this company I'm working for, proofreading stuff. I have had to make so many edits. It is ridiculous. I don't think I can keep this up. I need a steadier job."
175880267,"I think we got to be patient guys, its cool if she wants to do it but also cool if she doesnt, no pressure."
175880268,"wow, cool stuff…"
175880269,Discuss concerns with doc... But yes for a bit it gets a tad yuck...but worth sticking it out. Body is going thru the zoloft washout. HT
174324648,I have an internet friend who takes 35 mg. It is the only drug that works for her.
175880270,"Hey angelkryptonite, welcome to roll call! That frog statue sounds super cool"
174324639,One night i threw up because i took so many meds. Had insomnia that night. _PERSON_ also felt i had a flue with meds.
175880271,35 deaths now in uk
174324641,"If people respond to your thoughts no meds are going to help but I don’t think that’s possible. I think you have perception problems. I used to have those too. I was convinced my house was bugged because something I told my wife about a guy at work in the privacy of my own home he repeated back to me at work the next day. I don’t want to say what I said because some people here might find it offensive. I had another time when a guy at a drive through at Whataburger said something to me that there is no way he could have known but unfortunately I don’t remember what that was. If I put that in my book I am going to have to make something up. Someone had to have told him to say that to me. I have gone to cnn,com and thought the government was reading my mind and posted stories about me to mess with my head. I have had this feeling with tv too especially the news and Game of Thrones. I also thought the government was communicating with me through the mail. Especially junk mail. But I have never 
had anyone respond to my thoughts. I don’t think meds can fix that. I still feel the government manipulates things in my life. Little things. Like one of my prescriptions is $8 one month and 50 cents the next. I put that cabash on that though because now I get all my meds from the VA for free. These things get better with time. I don’t think meds help. When your paranoia is bad all the little details bother you. It’s just the nature of the illness. Especially if you have what was formerly called paranoid schizophrenia. Now they have lumped them all together but paranoia was originally my most difficult symptom. But 11 years later it has faded a lot. I don’t think the meds ever helped because I have always taken them and I had crippling paranoia for more than seven years."
175880272,People do illegal things like that all the time. I used to use call recording software I used to use it for business calls so i didnt have to write down stuff while driving. So my purpose was atleast for good reasons and not for nefarious ones
175880273,"I like music, I listen to Spotify 24/7 even in the shower. I like hip hop rnb arabic dancehall reggaeton."
175880274,"Dragon 1976 whatever it means This thread may border on being religious but…,"
175880275,Im sorry im just rly worried
175880276,We’re here for you anytime you need to vent and you don’t need to be sorry about it at all.
175880277,"_NAME_ would be my choice. A smart, caring and beautiful woman she is. She’s too caring and sensitive for this rough world and runs into trouble with her marriages as a result."
175880278,I don’t see black and white only. There is grey as well in nature. The universe is more than just yes or no. There is supernatural luck to.
175880279,"i did AA and thought it was great…during the time of doing AA, I didn’t crave a drink at all"
175880280,I just wanna move out. It sucks because I know what it is like to live on my own and I really miss it. I just know thats not the best idea right now with my symptoms not under control.
175880281,"Not at all. If you need to vent it’s better to do that here than let the thoughts go around in your head I know when I am feeling this way in my head I cannot reach out to anyone IRL, so this at least is something."
175880282,What all kind of medical insurance do you have now?
175880283,go for veggies and whole grains and exercise.
175880284,"So training is officially over. We were given the option to stay in touch with the trainer and trainees. I think I will. Especially the trainer. She said we have to reach out tho, she can't reach out to us to stay in touch after training. She invited me to be in a 2 support groups. One is hers and the other she is just the moderator. So that's neat. I'm pretty positive I passed. I think with a 100, too. But we will see in a couple of weeks."
175880285,"Sometimes I have the urge, too. It helps to wait it out and know that the feeling will pass. All feelings pass, eventually."
175880286,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880287,no…it is not true…maybe u shd consider taking ur meds…
175880288,"only occasionally a long time ago, thinking in 2 peoples voices at the same time would make it happen… thought echo is a real thing though own thoughts repeated"
175880289,"Hi, _PERSON_ I hope this message finds you well, and I just wanted to say I am a TI as I think you are as well, I know exactly what you are describing upon this post, even the meth ( I've never touched _PERSON_) is not the reason you are experiencing what you are describing here, it's called Gang Stalking or Cause Stalking along with Electronic Harassment or hearing voices, also I experience what a lot of victims describe as thought broadcasting though it's your inner speech or subvocalization that's broadcasted via senor nodes that reply back to a wireless body area networking system, or WBAN system, It uses NLP and gaslighting to play what they call 'games' have you pissed off any dealers or freemasons or undercover bent cop's. I hope this helps though please be mindful when researching this as it is now full of bad actors, just stick to testing your experiences with it."
175880290,"I am sorry, panic attacks are truly awful. I have not had many, but the few I have had? Utter torment, I do not wish that on anyone."
174324645,I also take clozapine. With clozapine some nights I drool saliva on my pillow
175880291,All the crazy stuff I did was before I went through my major episode. The craziest thing I probably did while psychotic was probably like masturbate 10 times in one day.
175880292,"Today two incidents happened that show me that I am in _NAME_ show. In the office of my psychiatrist, a guy whistled at me “fffssst”, i asked him what’s the problem, he said he thought he knew me. After half an hour a guy in the street closed his eye to me. Did they recognize me from the show on TV?"
175880293,Making threats might backfire on you somehow. Maybe they put you in jail or something. Or maybe they put you in some shitty hospital instead of a nice one. My friends sister earned herself a stay in a hospital for the criminally insane for deliberately running over a cops foot in her car. I think she got more than five years.
175880294,I pace back and forth every day multiple times a day out of boredom and sometimes I’ll drink coffee when I’m bored.
175880295,"_PERSON_ I agree, I don’t think I’m gonna go higher on the seroquel at this point"
175880296,dry cheerios
175880297,"I feel like if they happen rarely, you don’t really need to change anything. If it is a new beginning it wouldn’t surprise me just moved to a town where it’s all pretty different and by the sea after living in cities since i was 6"
175880298,Yeah that’s a good idea
175880299,I’m sorry I hope you feel better. You could always pay somebody to help take care of your puppy.
175880300,Do you think it’s something you would act on or is it just thoughts? Either way you should get in touch with your doc but if it’s more than thoughts you should goto the hospital. Or if you want to talk we are all here for you....
175880301,Which medicines will u be left with in the end?
175880302,"My favourite dessert, along with creme caramel"
175880303,"Ya, I take thorazine with Benadryl at night to help me with sleep. I also take trazadone most nights too."
175880304,"Yes, the backstories are quite intricate, at least for _PERSON_."
174324654,"I second the ‘sounds like depression’. It may be the schizophrenia causing a loss of focus but you may also just be seasonally depressed or good old regular depressed - no added sugars! I have a hard time enjoying things as well, just gotta keep on going and try to entertain yourself the best you can."
175880305,"Any adaptogenic herb or mushroom is supposed to be good for and balance all the bodys organs. For instance Bacopa, Reishi, Chaga or Schizandra. Also Cardamom is supposed to be a _USER_ID_ for the kindneys."
175880306,You can do it _AT_MENTION_
175880307,What have I done??
175880308,"Why do people feel the need to do that. I enjoy seeing about people. I like seeing their stats and finding out about what they’ve been posting about. It’s helpful when someone is struggling to see their history of posts to see if they’ve been posting negative or weird threads. It’s just helpful. I like knowing where people are from and a little about them, it’s friendly. A private profile is just weird. Plus if someone is suspended you can’t see it."
175880309,I never had DBT officially I just use some of the techniques and stuff via workbooks based on it
175880310,Can you get a psychiatrist?
175880311,I have started day 1 of low carb high protein diet.
175880312,£12 per session
175880313,"So it’s been a month since I’ve started my diet and went on diet pills. I’ve been eating 1200 calories a day except rare occasions where I’ve cheated. My scale shows I’ve lost 6 pounds. That’s the same amount I lost the last time I went on a diet. We’ll se what the doctor’s scale says but it should basically be the same. Next month I’m going to eat 1400 calories a day and walk everyday and see if I can trigger my metabolism to burn more. But I was too hungry at 1200, I can’t go lower and it obviously isn’t working well. I really like using myfitnesspal to track everything I eat and I think it’s a good idea whether you’re on a diet or not so you know you’re getting balanced nutrition."
175880314,"When I used to cycle to work, the birds used to speak maybe to each other maybe to me. I can’t remember. It makes me feel strong emotions thinking back to that time."
175880315,"You’re absolutely not crazy. Being happy is fucking hard! Sorry for swearing but it is! God, I get wrapped up in my own thoughts and feelings and some friends or family don’t even understand so I joined here in hopes that I can talk to people who understand.. it’s a very hard cycle. You have one good day and 5 bad. It’s very hard. I understand and I’m here for you!"
175880316,"If consumer was in the choices, I would have chosen it also."
175880317,sadly it dosnt work for everyone. i am lucky it works well for me
175880318,I have heard that coffee is actually good for you if you regulate your intake. Reduces your chance of getting diabetes and all sorts.
175880319,"Just go back to how you were doing it before, if it was workin for you."
175880320,"Not a diabetes still no… but I ignore how is my health. I dont go to docs because of the paranoia now sorry, I suffered a lot with my sz, even physically… i lack motivation for many things cause I am scared outside and I cant even stand on my feet by fear, having also all kind of shitty sensations in my head around people outside…"
175880321,Wow. Incredible ! Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175880322,Are you on blood thinners _AT_MENTION_?
175880323,"I had such bad dreams last night. I was sooo agitated and did things to help with regret. I got mad at my mom, ex step dad, dad and sister. The memories haunt me. It's basically all I think about."
174324655,http://www.baerfoundation.com/grants/education/ Top Universities – 3 Oct 16 Scholarships for Students with Disabilities Discover a range of scholarships for students with disabilities. https://www.top10onlinecolleges.org/scholarships-for/mental-illness/ https://bigfuture.collegeboard.org/scholarships/_NAME_-reintegration-scholarship
175880324,"Now that I blocked the voices, I don’t have to think about their shitty little egos anymore. Can work on things."
175880325,Glad you’re feeling a little bit better _AT_MENTION_ . Take care of yourself.
175880326,"I went to bed agitated and woke up agitated. Idk wtf is wrong with me. I just can't take this anymore I wake up, have to constantly do things to get them out of the way - But every day is the same. I ****ing hate it."
175880327,We’ve been missed by a tiny fraction with rain and temps near freezing a number of times this month. The forecast looks likely for Christmas Eve but I’ve seen that go by the way-side a number of times in my life.
175880328,I can’t share it. To be honest whoever created it is sick
175880329,"The Strangeways (prison) riot was a momentous time in recent British history. At the time I was half living at an address close by so I remember it well. I was staying with a woman who already had four kids of her own but she still sorted me out with a bit of food, clean clothes, a bath and a occasionally a bed for the night. You're So _PERSON_ by _NAME_ always reminds me of this woman because it was the first time I'd heard it and I fell in love. https://youtu.be/mQZmCJUSC6g I love _NAME_."
175880330,That is great! I went to the mall and bought some sweaters for schools. I like walking around and looking at the current fashions. I had a fun time.
175880331,"Good things that are happening today: I got groceries I got ANOTHER free, physical book to review. I got offered to be paid to fix someone’s computer. _PERSON_ got approved fully pretty much. My dad got fiance a bday gift which saves me money on getting the item by myself. I sent my bro in law and nephew a belated bday present, so that’s done. Bills got paid last night!"
175880332,"You have to just check if they are soft, yea. They remain the same colour. During my anorexia phase I used to cut pieces of mango, pieces of apple and pieces of banana in a bowl, sprinkle cinnamon, mix it all up and eat. That was my breakfast. Very good stuff."
175880333,I hope my doctor doesn't get frustrated with me if I stop the two APs I'm on. I just can't do the weight gain anymore. Maybe I should talk to her first. Idk.
175880334,"Apologies are in order big time for putting words in your mouth yesterday surrounding this topic. _NAME_ is a solid heroine… and that is it. The girl(who singed my memory) that I spoke of yesterday expresses herself incessantly and I must do it on some level to feel closer/or make up for loss. But it may be organic/genuine now, and consistent with that, I can’t help but include here that I am super partial to all things “Nightmare on Elm Street 4”, just bear with me… when I was real young I read the book to it, bc I had a “non sexual crush” on “Karate _NAME_”. He had [Daddy issues] and landed some punches on ‘true fear’, I guess you could say. Anyway the best part is _NAME_ [another solid heroine (and sister!)]… in the off chance you haven’t seen it. The best part is her arc and final scene in the mirror. So, I will back you up! Lastly one more example is I remember I also would secretly emulate The Lead singer in the 80’s group A-ha on their famous video… the boy is l
ike going [in and out] but is a total hero and fights those guys with wrenches (demons?). I just look to outward comparisons to fill in gaps, because I’m like I’m ‘Locked Out’ of my personality. I don’t see myself clearly."
175880335,One minute I’m laying on the couch in my parents apartment watching TV and two minutes later I’m 150 miles away in my first psyche ward sharing a room with some guy raving about god and the devil. My dad drives faster than most people.
174324660,"I am on an injectable form of Abilify called Aristada for about 3 years now and have been on various forms of Abilify for many years with the exception of a 4 year period while I was incarcerated. While I do struggle with considerable insomnia, I can almost guarantee that, for me, the insomnia is due to the neurochemical imbalance (I have been that way most of my life and have SZA, so there is a serious mood stabilization aspect to what I live with). Do you or can you have an exercise regimen and stay away from ALL stimulants, including nicotine? Those two avoidances are miracles for me… When I disregard them all bets are off sleep-wise. The one exception is nicotine and that’s only if I maintain the heavy exercise routine, but either way I definitely notice the impact of the nicotine on my ability to maintain a longer-term sleep schedule. Good luck to you Not sleeping sure is not fun."
175880336,"In a state of rock solid recovery, the delusions are like a bad dream. I’m on a treatment regimen and every day that elapses is like a bad memory, with the next day bringing me ever more closer to the proper reality."
175880337,Hey _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ I have a BS in Mechanical Engineering and engjoy mathematics and science as well. Currently im on a league of Absence and will try to continue working after my medication gets all sorted out.
175880338,"Sorry think jts south east Asia,Idonesia namely. It's actually banned in Indonesia"
174324652,do you get positive symptoms?
175880339,"Have you tried metformin? I was just talking about cancer treatments with my mom and her cousin. Metformin is good for anti-aging, losing weight, cancer treating, etc.. I would like to be on metformin just cuz it's beneficial. My dad is on it and he lost weight."
175880340,If you had it done in 2018 why are you getting another one so soon? Isn’t it every 5 years or more? _AT_MENTION_
174324658,Be careful reading about illnesses and trying to self diagnose. First I read about schizophrenia and wrote out a whole bunch of symptoms I thought I had that fit the criteria. Then I thought I had bipolar and did the same. I would take these written notes to my consultant… Last time they diagnosed me with bipolar from the notes I wrote… Turns out 10 years later I never had schizophrenia or bipolar. Yes I did have psychosis but my point is reading up to self diagnose is dangerous.
175880341,"Hey, I take a shower every day almost today… I try to spend time outside too… I keep the habit of dressing well, with pretty shirts. Well, i suffer a little however with quarantine."
175880342,"After my most recent episode I realize my cognition got worse and I don’t have as many “big goals” for the future. My old dream was to be like one of my accountant friends and have a big Chinese style wedding with lots of friends and then start a family in the city where I grew up. I want to make more friends and over the year or two I’ve been at support group, I’ve met people who I realize have been real with me and stuck up for me and I need to thank them. Over the short term, I’d like to have a job and buy a car. Another dream I had was just being able to take my mom out to dinner just with money I’ve earned from working and have her be all proud of me. I have nice dresses and bikinis I bought for dates though I don’t have a bf. I guess some small dreams I have right now are to be able to ask some of my friends from Women’s Group and other places out to lunch for my birthday. Another is to see my close friends improve their lives with me and be in a better place. I’d like to 
be there more for my friends and family, rather than always being the one getting help. Once my family moves to the city, I’d like to go to art shows and concerts and attend church. I guess I just dream of having a semi normal and independent life. What dreams do you have?"
175880343,Wow. You’re very talented !
175880344,"Definitely better to be single and miserable so that I don’t project my misery on a partner and drive them mad. And likewise the other way. Two miserables together is like adding fuel to the fire. It multiplies the misery imo. Whereas on own, one has space to deal with the misery better"
175880345,Haven't played much of anything the past week but I'm going to play animal crossing since it'll be Halloween and they have a cool event every year in the game
175880346,"I mean everything I said is pretty clear right here. You act condescendingly and imply other people are dumb, but when people reply that maybe you’re not the brightest star in the sky yourself, you lash out."
175880347,waves to the alphabet agency agent watching me shitpost online for the hundredth time We re cool tho
175880348,"I have terrible insomnia, too. Have you ever been for a sleep study?"
175880349,I remember vaping and was coughing up all of my lungs..
175880350,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_ . Solid advice."
174324651,"Same here. I thought I was the pinnacle of human evolution until the schizophrenia hit and started getting overstimulated 24/7. Never hallucinated though, super logical, and totally in left field/great at abstract thinking."
175880351,I dont need reminded lol
175880352,I have had other psychotic episodes in the past and they went away until one psychotic episode came back and got worse.
175880353,"I switched from invega to zyprexa and seroquel. My psychiatrist injected me with something to help get rid of the severe side effects from invega first, especially since I was switching so suddenly. I improved after that."
175880354,"Don’t do drugs, man, you probably know that those are not good, really, let’s act mature here, I also sometimes used to make up excuses for wanting to try bad stuff ‘maybe it’s not too bad’ ‘maybe this time it will be good’ ’ what if I’m not actually sz’ lol being strong and not falling for that ???? is really something you can achieve that will make your life better, self-discipline, take care and respect yourself, that said in the most serious tone you can imagine."
174324656,That makes sense cuz I was on 15mg tablets
175880355,"Thanks, I’ll check out Excel"
174324657,"Thanks, cogladaid."
175880356,I actually would prefer to be called penguin. _AT_MENTION_ can my avatar name be penguin and can I have that butterfly picture removed please I’d rather be a penguin than a butterfly. I like the penguin walk and slide that’s why.
175880357,"Do at least one load of laundry, so I can at least have clean khakis and clean undershirts for tomorrow. Check college emails. Go to bed at a decent hour tonight."
175880358,We are leaving early tomorrow...back next Monday. Going to the Big Island. Returning after 8 yrs....very excited! Take care of each other...and of course _PERSON_ will be here to help you with any moderator needs. Hoping you all have a wonderful (anxiety free!) week...and talk to you when we get back! Love to all! S.C.
175880359,"Analyze your conclusions whether its true or not before believing in it otherwise it can become like delusions. People not view schizo people as murderers instead they view them as ill person just like other chronic diseases like diabetics, heart patients etc. Since its a mental illness people approach them with caution as mental illness people have less insight when compared with physical illness people."
175880360,When I’m not here I completely forget that I’m supposed to be mentally ill.
175880361,Im not on any ad so i will ask pdoc next time
175880362,"The Darkest Dungeon. I've been hooked on the game the past few weeks. It's a turn based rogue-lite Lovecraftian dungeon explorer. It has great gameplay mechanics and presentation. The Narrator is _NAME_, voice actor for the _PERSON_ books! What I find fascinating about the game is that the heroes that explore the dungeons are portrayed as real flawed human beings. The game has stress mechanics where by the heroes become stressed out as they explore the dungeons and combat terrifying monsters. There are consequences for the heroes, if someone gets too stressed they can become afflicted, they might become paranoid or hopeless or various other afflictions. They might refuse orders or yell at the party and increase other people's stress levels. Heroes can develop positive and negative quirks that make them act out in unpredictable ways. When you're back in town you can send them to the tavern or _NAME_ to destress, but they might disappear for a few weeks or lose treasure gambling. It's a refreshing ta
ke on the hero image we so often see in video games and movies. Heroes are just people, and people suffer from the hardships of life and cause them to behave in unpredictable ways. I'm so happy these game developers have made this game with such an emphasis on the humanity of heroes. Firefighters, EMTs and soldiers are praised as heroes in our society, but so often we overlook the humanity, the suffering and the life long afflictions their work can cause them. This game respects that reality and I'm thankful it exists."
175880363,I put on like 1-2 kilograms during the weekend then I loose them during week days.
175880364,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880365,"Was on clozapine for fifteen years,and know how somnolence and apathy works. Was drinking caffeine from energy drinks with no problems,except all energy drinks contain a large amount of sugar. Found energy in Wellbutrin XR."
175880366,"My family seems to be really embarrassed about my disabilities- both of them. But at the same time, my parents say “I’m so sorry about giving you the bad gene.” or “My only wish for you is for you to get better.” Something like that. They always express how they are the bad parents for giving me the defective genes, but they seem to be embarrassed by it. What? I don’t know what to think. I’m not entirely sure what their position on me is."
175880367,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175880368,"I’m jobless right now. I’m struggling with deciding to try for a simple job at Walmart or something or just going ahead and applying for SSI. I want a job, but I don’t think I would handle a job well at all, though… Hard to follow verbal instructions, poor memory (of stuff like instructions). And I’m prone to causing conflict because I’ll occasionally mishear and hallucinate people unnecessarily ????-talking me, which I’m very reactive to in the moment. Plus, I’m certain I wouldn’t pass an interview for jobs I’m qualified for vs over-qualified because of my social anxiety issues and (mild?) poverty of speech."
175880369,"I saw such ppl in mental hospital, one of them was a women who told me that I killed her kids."
175880370,"The voice in my head initially my friend, Until things flipped and all I could do was defend."
175880371,Pdoc called me. He said 40mg zyprexa instead of 60mg and 50mg haldol instead of 60mg. And I must meet him to see how I am going. I just want to go off meds completely.
175880372,"Maybe find a job that is not stressful and you only have to work a couple times a week. I’ve had jobs where I worked just 5 or 6 hours a week. Just maybe to ease yourself back into the work force. But you don’t want to push yourself too hard. I’ve been hospitalized 10 or 11 times and I hate to say this but my mental state was very fragile. It took me almost two weeks before I could get back to my addiction and my job. Yeah, haven’t had that feeling in awhile."
175880373,"Sorry I don’t have it in front of me, so I can’t say for sure."
175880374,"Focus on _NAME_, she’s pretty hot. Hopefully it’ll help."
175880375,"Non stop all day, not even my usual tricks are getting them to be quiet. Music isn’t even working for me. They say this is my retribution and honestly fair enough but it’s just been really hard lately"
175880376,Would like to try a spiced chai latte some time. Looks amazing. At the moment just sticking with regular black tea with milk. What is your go to day-to-day tea?
175880377,Depends on what episode you were talking about some lasted on average 2 to 5 months others lasted 6 months the one episode that I had that put me in hospital lasted a year before i was stabilised on antipsychotics and I never quite got over it because I had convinced myself it was real. I had an episode before that thinking about the same things but it wasnt as bad.The other times I had speculation and doubts that It might not be real but then something happened to make me convinced my delusional thinking was absolutely real and i got very I’ll over it.
174324663,Yeah it was like September 2019 and today is August 18th 2020.
175880378,"Hi GMF and welcome back... ...although I am sorry it is due to having an attack. I know how disheartening it is to have a challenging period, especially after enjoying such a nice reprieve. The important thing to focus on is that you have not lost ground...you are just on a temporary detour...and it happens to us all. You just need to draw deep, use your coping skills more than ever now...and get back on the path where you temporarily left off. Perhaps looking for a new skill to add to your toolbox is just what you need...or revisiting tried and true ones from the past...or both. Either way, don't forget about our Resources! You can do this, and we are here to help. Stay encouraged that you will get back to where you need to be soon! We are cheering you on. S.C."
175880379,How long is the vacation? That sucks it sounds they’re really misunderstanding
175880380,"What my mom says to me is ""Use your logical mind!"". You must as well. Don't worry you're ok. If you need reassurance, ask us."
175880381,MIne were removed around last year. I had my wisdom teeth removed last year. Normally its just a numbing with a needle and such. They didn't give me any pain meds just ibuprofen.
175880382,"Wow, hard same. Thanks to my friends, family, and the crisis text line (741-741) for helping me with my main coping method of talking obsessively over my anxieties until I feel better…"
174324659,"Link to the (free) medical journal articles on it: PubMed Central (PMC) Remission of Psychosis in Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia following Bone... The authors present the case of a 24-year-old male with treatment-resistant schizophrenia, with predominant severe delusion and hallucination, who received bone marrow transplantation (BMT) for acute myeloid leukemia. After BMT, he showed a... There is also a case where the opposite happened: a man got a bone marrow transplant from his sibling with schizophrenia, and got schizophrenia. Poor dude was 67 when he got the transplant and the schizophrenia. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4287892/ They are calling for additional case reports: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3674517/ BMT is not a risk free treatment. People can get graft vs host disease. The survival rates are pretty high though, but obviously the underlying problem that prompted the BMT is frequently the cause of death and not the BMT."
175880383,Speak to a doctor. _PHONE_NO_
175880384,"I relate alot to that. Theres nothing worse than waking up sober - and scarilly looking at your bank account to see how many transactions you did down the pub - and then it dawns on you, you turned into a prat and started buying yager bombs for the table half the night. These days, if im tempted to go on a bender - ill empty my account and pay it to my brothers to look after, or if hes in the area, give him my cards for a couple of days and just leave myself the milk and eggs money."
175880385,Good stuff Leaf…
175880386,I have no idea tbh though I do think I read in BBC they are hoping for Spring to Summer 2021…if my memory serves me correct
175880387,"Well, I hope you get the right diagnosis and treatment. Just try to keep the stress low and have ways to cope with social anxiety. I’m going to try to go to bed (2:17 AM). Nice chatting with you."
175880388,"there is my grandmother who is bedridden. I’ll try to work and move, I if I can not I’ll stay with her…"
174324661,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Mortality risk following acute coronary syndrome among patients with schizophrenia: A _NAME_-analysis. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Progress in neuro-psychopharmacology & biological psychiatry , Aug 2019 20 Patients with schizophrenia have a higher incidence of coronary artery disease. This _NAME_-analysis was performed to evaluate the influence of a prior diagnosis of schizophrenia on mortality following acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Relevant longitudinal follow-up studies were obtained via systematic search of PubMed and Embase databases. A random effect model was used to perform the _NAME_-analysis. This _NAME_-analysis included 3,611,343 hospitalized patients with ACS from nine follow-up studies. The results show that, in patients with schizophrenia, ACS was associated with a significantly higher risk of mortality (multivariate adjusted risk ratio [RR]: 1.66, p?"
175880389,I don’t want him to just approve it without thinking the side effects. Pdocs don’t really tell about it at least when I didn’t know to ask. I don’t really trust my pdoc
175880390,So we went out last night and I had this big 10oz burger with fries and coconut cake. It made my stomach hurt last night. Felt very nauseous. I woke up feeling so so. Also I’m not hungry either. Is this normal? If was a big dinner and I probably ate too much. Is this just bad case of indigestion? Normally I never feel super hungry in the morning. I took some Peptol bismol tablets and feel somewhat better
174324667,"Better to be a dreamer when you have schizophrenia, Than locked in the prison Of conformity and physicality."
174324670,"I can relate in some sense as I have a grown son with Bipolar and schizophrenia. When he was little I used to call him my little volcano. Never knew when he would blow. I feel the same way about my chronic pain. It's excruciating at times and I dread when I will go through it again. The same feeling, I think, just different reasons. Just try and stay positive. Hope you have a good night and a good day."
174324665,"Hi. Shall try to keep it plain. I haven't been on here in a few years. I think I may have abandoned some of you. I'm not sure who remembers what anymore. I'm having an episode. I can't call my hospital's crisis line b/c it's completely useless. I am nonviolent. So, kind of what I'm seeing: ""Faces"" everywhere, people (mom and bro) spying on me in their sleep and at work, respectively. They're loud and noisy. We're American citizens so they're bad spies. I don't pretend to be a good one because I don't spy on anyone. I wonder if I am autistic episodically? Everything is overwhelming and there's too much detail in everything. This morning was good, now it's ****. What of what I'm not seeing? I don't know. I don't know how to get help, ever. No intent of harming anyone, fwiw. Euch. this one's illegal in my life. family laws."
175880391,I got a new one and she’s supposed to call me once a week. She hasn’t called me in a month and a half. She’s getting paid for this ????. So she still gets her money but she’s not doing her job. A few months ago I lost all of my mental health support at once and now I’m just struggling.
175880392,Looking good _AT_MENTION_!
175880393,"Yay! Thunderstorm, love them"
175880394,You are looking for things that blocks serotonin or dopamine
175880395,_AT_MENTION_ I’m feeling a little better did some exercise and walked for 50 minutes I feel better. Thank yall for being the only ones that care!
175880396,Or just faked it? This what I’m wondering
175880397,Maybe that was the wrong type of crowd you were with before.
175880398,I smile a lot and laugh a lot
175880399,Pleasure-reduced Courage- not very courageous Optimism- glass half empty type
175880400,i do that all the time always have since schiz it’s a big part of how schiz affects some of us
175880401,What is another psychotic illness if sz isnt counted
175880402,I hope things balance out.
175880403,Sorry _AT_MENTION_ So sad it later affected our lives in growing humans.If you ever need to talk I’m here.
174324668,It’s often mixed up with DID ( split personalities) or sociopaths.
175880404,im worried to start myself. I start tomorrow. Im bat ???? at present
175880405,It’s lovely that you have a hobby! So important
175880406,"I too have felt bouts of being unbalanced. I think it is because I offer too little excersise to my body, I get restless. I ordered a running machine to help me out. Hopefully it will come next week."
175880407,Haha I like the 5 o’clock shadow on him. The horse neighhhhh is real cool. Thanks for sharing !!
174324666,"I don’t see much coming out of a change in name to that of a spectrum in this case except for more questions during diagnosis. We don’t adequately understand schizophrenia and psychosis related disorders enough as it is, I don’t see the need in changing things until clear defined causes are found out. A lot of the article says ‘maybe this caused it’ and throws out different things that may cause it. I just don’t find much in the way of progress outlined in the article. We haven’t really had new breakthrough treatment and to me that matters most. You can call my symptoms whatever name you want but my negative symptoms and cognitive symptoms aren’t adequately being addressed by current medication. All that said, I like the ring of integration disorder better than psychosis spectrum."
174324673,"I take Latuda, my official diagnosis is schizoid but they said I’m at high risk of developing schizophrenia."
175880408,"Just like streaks on the floor, like bugs moving quickly in my peripheral. When I focus."
175880409,Appointment at the new apartment place is in an hour
174324677,Negative symptoms. I’m lacking desires. That’s something a zen monk Would pay good money for.
175880410,"So my wormery has arrived, I need to set it up in the garden."
175880411,"No I haven’t had any negative symptoms at all and I haven’t heard any voices. The second psychosis which I have just come out of lasted 6 weeks whilst on Olanzapine. Which consisted of delusions of me believing I was being monitored by cameras in my house and followed, and that other people were watching my actions. These came after being off of antipsychotics for 6 months and only two weeks after a reduction in antidepressants. During the time I was off of antipsychotics my mother nearly died. I was left in charge as a manager at work and had stress there. I had family problems and left my partner’s home to live on my own. I’ve just come back to reality and am hoping it was triggered by these events and the reduction it antidepressants? I was also very paranoid Thank you for your help"
175880412,"Hmm. Sounds Terribly Complicated. I Spent My Life (Personally), Erasing All That Was Chaotically Confusing. And I Never Worried About it. Nor Did I Actually Lose Anything. All I Can Say is…, If You’d Rather Stay Clear From Storms That Can Destroy Your Clarity. Then Do So. You’re Not Losing Anything of Any Importance. Sincerely, _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175880413,Wow. That’s really good !
175880414,I feel like they make things worse
175880415,Have you been checked to see if a different antipsychotic might help stop this I can’t take Olanzapine for this reason oculogyric crisis is no fun
175880416,"I love writing poetry, I even self published a little book just to feel like I’ve done something in all my spare time! I think it’s a great way to get your emotions and thoughts out, especially when there’s so much going on in there."
175880417,Well I hope it’s not that again and that you’re ok
175880418,"Yeah I have Bipolar symptoms also sometimes, but I don’t know if I have schizoaffective or schizophrenia. I think just calling it schizophrenia avoids confusion. Moods can definitely be affected by the illness either way. I cry easily at movies, sometimes commercials lol and my mom will look at me funny."
175880419,A Starfleet logo will be fine
174324671,"I was better on Abilify, less negative symptoms, but cant take it anymore."
175880420,My friend is able to function without medicine 2 years in even though he still hear voices. There are online articles also about people recovering fully and remained in remission about 10% of the patients
174324675,"PubMed No Effect of Coenzyme Q10 on Cognitive Function, Psychological Symptoms, and... The results of the study suggest that CoQ10 supplementation at 300 mg/day for 6 months is unlikely to be beneficial for cognitive, psychological and health-related outcomes in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. However, a number of..."
175880421,"FCC can go to heck in their surveillance word censorship. At least CCTV doesn’t get all upset when you curse in Gaelic. I swear man sometimes it’s like, “Dragonborn, please don’t shout, you’re scaring the guards.” _PERSON_"
174324676,"My diagnoses include schizoaffective disorder, bipolar type and obsessive compulsive disorder. I’ve been given the opportunities to be treated by iv ketamine and ocd exposure and response prevention. However, because of the cost, our donor who is willing to pay for my treatment can only pay for one. The choice is not mine, but my donor’s. What would you do?"
175880422,"I mentioned in my other thread but the class is all on book 6 image.jpg 3024×4032 1.91 MB It’s summer session so it’s gonna keep me busy. It’ll be as intensive as working a part time job I believe. Afterwards I will seek a part time job but want to put that off till this class is over. It runs from June 3rd to early July and it’s 4x a week for 2:15 hours and minutes. But I’m feeling really good about it!! I think I’m ready to be a productive part of society. And not just productive towards working on my own health. But contribute to others while still working on myself, as it should be. Life is incredible. I love it. Words can’t explain my ecstatic feelings I have towards seeking knowledge and truth lately. It feels great. I’ve been learning a lot through YouTube videos lately. Yeah I’m ready. Unless the teacher despises me but I hope she won’t…"
175880423,If it was going to be a problem I could have gone down there and got my pills. She shouldn’t have offered to bring them here and then just blow me off like that. I’ve been waiting for her all day. I’m really mad.
175880424,They call it an ‘invisible line’ that gets crossed. And it’s independent of age. It can happen.
175880425,"I’ve always made Bad decisions, The lack of choices I have now might have saved me."
175880426,"I feel you… just yesterday I was in the same position… went to bed at around 11:00, at 04:00 I was still awake in bed trying to sleep (checked time, barely noticed how fast time passed)"
174324674,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Duration of active psychosis during early phases of the illness and functional outcome: The PAFIP 10-year follow-up study. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Schizophrenia research, Apr 2020 07 Longer duration of active psychosis (presence of positive psychotic symptoms) has been associated to worsening of functional and symptomatic outcome in patients with a first-episode of psychosis. There could be a ""critical period"" of increased brain vulnerability in the early phases of the illness when the effect of active psychosis would be exceptionally pernicious.We aim to explore the impact of lengthy periods of active psychosis during early phases of illness on long-term functional outcome.This is a prospective clinical study. We assessed the effect of the duration active psychosis in patients with a first-episode of nonaffective psychosis on long-term social functioning and functional recovery. The study consisted of a 3-year clinical follow-up a
nd a functional evaluation performed after a 10-year period.The sample consisted of 169 patients with a first-episode of non-affective psychosis. The duration of active psychosis after treatment (DAT) during the 3-year clinical follow-up acted as predictor of social functioning at the 10-year functional evaluation (Wald: 10.705; p = .001), but not of functional recovery. The duration of untreated psychosis (DUP) did not act as a predictor of any of the two long-term measures of functional outcome.Active psychosis in early phases of the illness seems to be correlated to worst long-term functionality. In this study the duration of active psychosis after treatment (DAT) was a better predictor of long-term outcome than the duration of untreated psychosis (DUP). Reducing DAT should be considered an important objective for early intervention programs."
175880427,"That’s def not everything but I do think it helps, positive affirmations"
175880428,D: ........
175880429,"the 20’s are a difficult adjustment to life, things get easier as you exit those years"
175880430,"but it’s very expensive, what did you use before hardys"
175880431,Good figuring _AT_MENTION_ . Smart guy.
175880432,I think my first episode was when i was maybe 7 but it wasnt that scary just a little annoying is anything. I believed my.mom.was a robot. I didnt have any for a long time until i was 21 and it was really scary. Each episode seems to get worse and closer and closer to classic looking schizophrenia
175880433,Looks amazing !
175880434,As long as you are alive there is always hope. I have told this story many times here on the forum. When I lived in my auto in Miami I often met different types of people. It was the 4th of July in 2001 when I met one old Jewish man in North Miami Beach. During the 2nd WW he did not go to the concentration camps such as Auschwitz but he chose to fight the NAZIs in the forests of Poland. And there he was decades after telling me his story. He had hope even under the NAZI administration. He also told me to eat two eggs a day which improved my diet when I lived in my auto. You have always some hope and there is the light in the end of the tunnel.
175880435,Someone give you grief today over something you had no control over?
174324684,Can you give an example of how different systems of medicine think of Schizophrenia differently? I don’t know much about this.
175880436,"Ya, I did my research and heard about SSP (Secret Space Program Super Soldiers). I dream about it, aliens, and have memories of past lives. I figured they took me (the aliens) (or government) in 2011 at college. That’s one theory. I don’t know if I’m remembering a different life or not. But it was some sort of mk ultra stuff. _NAME_ Talks about it. The Illuminati and aliens. Remember, people will either encourage you; say you don’t have it to console you or mess with you; and if you ask enough people you’ll get a confirmation. Remember we are schizophrenic. I would ask a family member or doctor. Not some guy off the street to confirm your bias. The whole cloning thing could have solved a paradox ie same timeline; I was in the montauk program going through monarch; and crap. Aliens told me I been to Mars and stuff. I’ve been abducted hundreds of times by aliens if you include past lives. I’m immortal. I also read they can insert beliefs, memories, and stuff into your brain/consciousnes
s while dreaming and sleeping. I definitely got that going on. I have a lot of severe trauma. I have the whole victim mentality and victimhood and the whole “why me”. I became a believer in a higher power after this. I don’t know why they picked me. I heard stories of stuff like they got looking glass technology to see people’s futures and change the timeline to keep the Illuminati in control. That and they kidnap people for mars and experiments. I definitely feel this happened to me. There’s something called Mars 20 and back. I’ve probably been through that several times before. I don’t know why I talk about it other then releasing the severe trauma in my head/brain."
175880437,"Its called citalopram but I’m reluctant to take it because I’m already on three other meds. Don’t know what to do. Do I really need so many meds?? I still get denial of my illness. My pdoc said I’m sabotaging myself - that I deny something is wrong with me - not because of lack of insight but whilst I know something is wrong with me. Because I asked him repeatedly on WhatsApp if I have sza, and when I saw him on Monday past, I asked him is my illness really serious? So he said what do I think? I was confused but laughed and said maybe… But do I really need a fourth med? Isn’t it a bit too much? I’m worried I’m making it all up, that I’m a hypocrite and faking it."
175880438,"_NAME_’s dope, its good with steak and breakfast patties."
175880439,my ocd means having multiple showers. its very time consuming and depressing. i spend alot of time in the bathroom sometimes just staring at my face. my face changes. the psychosis comes with images of faces on the shower wall. depending on how sick i am the faces can be that of demons twisted with rage or pain. then when im really going downhill something under my skin begins crawling. this will make me think i’m rotting from the inside out and i will have another shower. sometimes the urge is there to mutilate myself but i fight it.
175880440,Do you know how high of a dose?
175880441,Sure. So I’m always worried about my heart because of the pain I get. I even get arm pin but I also have carpel tunnel and I think tennis elbow. I sleep on my side so my arms hurts when I wake up I think. I don’t know why I don’t believe my dr and the test. I guess cause I hear horror stories. Everyday is a struggle for me I have increased my meds from 10-20mg so waiting for it to kick in which should be soon
175880442,_AT_MENTION_ - I had some questions. I started taking Docusate sodium and it worked for about a good 2 weeks. I was having regular bowel movements every morning without straining or anything. Then it stopped working and now the constipation has returned. I don’t know what else to do. I don’t know which medication is causing the constipation and so far have been stable for about a year and a half so I don’t know if I want to change the medication. I constantly feel the urge to go to the bathroom but when I go I have to strain to push out the stool and it’s only a little bit. I’m hoping this doesn’t cause any serious problems for me but if anyone else is reading this please provide some suggestions.
175880443,Unfortunately some of the best food can trigger it....a lot of people have a reaction to red sauce on either pizza or spaghetti which is unfortunate and why I think meds are helpful. Bfs reflux is so bad though he must avoid certain foods even on maximum strength nexium. It actually causes a type of asthma in him because the acid reaches his lungs.
175880444,"The last therapist you had shouldn’t have laughed at you. I’m sorry you went through that. You may be able to find a therapist that you can see 2x/week (I do that with mine). It takes time to build up trust with a therapist, and you have every right to try out different ones until you feel you’ve found a right match. Maybe start with opening up to the therapist about things you’re comfortable with sharing and gauge their reaction. I hope you’re able to find some solace soon!"
175880445,What do I do with life... It has no use to me o.-
174324681,"I had bed wetting problem on clozaril too. But my pdoc reduced the dose and now bladder issues r gone. Where do u live ? Do you have access to amisulpride(solian), its 2nd best antipsychotic after clozaril and causes no weight gain but comes with price(high prolactin levels). From most effective to least effective meds r clozapine, amisulpride, olanzapine, risperidone, paliperidone. [1] These r the best meds we have now. I think you have tried most of the effective meds. You may try others but they are not strong in efficacy. Some pdocs add valproic acid or lamictal to antipsychotics when patients still have problems [1] http://www.kcl.ac.uk/ioppn/news/events/2013/september/Leucht-2013-15-antipsychotics-_NAME_-analyses.pdf"
175880446,"Let’s say about _PERSON_, for example . Who composed his music? Is it the soundtrack of the show? Is it a hint, a subtle message, by the directors to make me question my reality? Who composed all the good music ? And also who composed all the bad music, like rap etc?"
175880447,Why? Did you try to contact them? Or you are paranoid about it?
175880448,what its made from…?
175880449,is suicide better than life ?? i feel as if suicide is better we are all going so whats point of living longer time ??? …
175880450,"I honestly am grateful for the way I have recovered. I was older (though still in the range for women) when it hit me. That first break cost me a job and was the strangest time of my life. But now I really feel like there are some benefits. I’m a much better, less judgmental friend/relative and I feel so much freer in life because I’m no longer concerned with there being a correct path."
175880451,Is my cat controlling my mind it knows when im about to have an episode it will hiss and spit at me then sit on my head purring until i fall asleep then it will meow until i wake up then she will sit on my chest staring into my eyes again purring this scares me because the voices dont like it but at the same time i feel a comforting warmth like everything is going to be ok does anyone else have this kind of experience with animals
174324682,Google News. Its quite good but lacks innovation. I have my rheory on what causes schizophrenia. No use talking about it.
175880452,"My little shop of horrors has been going on for some time recently, but I hear what my cousin one says about how he used to talk about his condition before realising that it didn’t help. “Just shut up about it”, some one once said to me. It is probably good advice. There is a reason the occult is hidden, and you mustn’t think that these things are restricted to any one “race” or another. The elites of all “races” can do elite things. So where does that leave me;?; As a shop keeper or a translator, a buyer and seller in stolen goods, or a librarian, a weatherman or a script writer, I just haven’t decided yet, I am the problem, thank you."
175880453,Good job! I exercise 5x per week
175880454,I pace in trapezoids.
175880455,I’m here why?
175880456,I have another question for yall. Do you guys listen to music for the sound or for the lyrics? I'm a total lyrics person. And it HAS TO relate to my life In some way or I just cant get with the song.
175880457,"I was gonna drink last night but there was nothing in the house. I'm not able to drink more than 3 drinks anyways without feeling terrible (Psychedelics ruined alcohol for me).. But I kind of wanted to feel terrible.. Phenibut for me works like how normal people feel on alcohol.. Phenibut feels like the afterglow of a good psychedelic trip but I'm tapering down and have been for 3 months. ""Forums at Psych Central > Mental Health Support > Addictions Re: I'm going to quit phenibut Down to 500mg of phenibut! Only took one 0.5mg Xanax in this past week! Losing a bit of sleep though.."" Tomorrow I'll take 400mg."
175880458,"Sending you a wide clearance of safety to surround you and your car. Remember to keep your speed low and your eyes open, and also, enjoy the drive."
175880459,I’m sorry you’re not doing too good
174324679,"To be honest, I think it’s the meds and the habits of individuals with schizophrenia that lead to shorter life expectancy. People who don’t have schizophrenia and abuse their body have a shorter life expectancy . Sometimes it can depend on how well you take care of your body and also genetics!"
175880460,"Well…it sounds like a incredible cooincidence that you live in the same place. Are you sure it’s the same guy? I mean did he make a move towards you when you saw him? Or is everything you believe circumstantial? I just think it’s strange that this guy would make it his mission in life to stalk you. I know things like that actually happen, but it’s rare. And it’s kind of bizzare that he would suddenly show up after being quiet for a real long time."
174324686,"I’ve done lots of different form of therapy but the most effective was 20 minutes of slow deep breathing daily for 4 months straight. My anger and irritability disappeared, and if anything I’ve become too peaceful and non-reactive. The 20 minutes must be done in one go, but after 10 minutes I’d get weird sensations in my body. I persisted and did the full 20 mins."
175880461,I’m sorry DT *sadhug* So sorry you are struggling
175880462,I agree _AT_MENTION_. I am very loyal to my friends
174324689,does anybody know the truth? or are we just agreeing momentarily on what reality is?
175880463,I’m surprised this thread hasn’t been deleted. It could create some paranoia
175880464,The link is the same
175880465,"I am also a survivor of Risperdal (& Invega), and am now on Abilify. The negative symptoms affect me severely, and I have none on Abilify. I have acquired tardive dyskonesia on Abilify, but I started taking it in 2004, when it was really new. I want one day to be stable enough to function without meds, even if only part of the time, because Abilify does do dangerous stuff to the brain, as they all do, after so long a time. (That should be tempered with the psych opinion that unattended psychosis also causes really bad stuff in the brain, long term.) I guess what I’m saying is, pharmaceuticals and doctors have scans and data, but this is second hand information. This data is useful, but our personal experience with how the drug makes us feel and act is equally valuable, and recovery of any kind is a synthesis between patient experience and medical understanding of the effects. I always belive anyone who says they are “better” or “worse” on meds they are supposed to respond differently to. 
That said, Abilify helps me the best. Sounds like you respond well to it, too, _AT_MENTION_ . I hope you can find peace and happiness on whatever meds you need/ choose. Mainly, this is a message of support to everyone here who is only trying to understand this mystery illness from the inside, while simultaneously fighting for their lives. And this is my first post ever, so it’s also a weigh in."
175880466,It seems a bit early for aging related aches and pains. As we spend at least 8 hours a day in bed it is vital that you invest in a good mattress. This could possibly alleviate any problems.
175880467,"Yeah! I have some problems with them though… They mostly live in my hometown and I only have one good friend that I made here in college. And also they mostly “talk down” to me in a way as if they’re sick of dealing with my instability over the years, but overall they are pretty supportive."
174324683,"Ok good, but do you atleast sleep like 7 - 8 hours like a normal person?"
175880468,lol yeah. I’m just glad I can’t smell burning plastic because my nose don’t work right now because of cold.
174324685,Get blood tests every 6 months to a year. It can raise your blood sugar. I’m on metformin for that now.
175880469,"I slept pretty good last night, because I took my ambien and klonipin."
175880470,I need 7.5mg but most people need at least 10mg......
175880471,Not sure your intentions but please avoid politics and triggering topics is the general rule around here.
175880472,I don't want to sleep right now. I'm too excited.
175880473,she loves you and is happy to listen as it makes you feel better to have an outlet? probably is the case Oh she said she is sticking around. That confirms it _AT_MENTION_
175880474,"I saw creatures that looked like Pokemon in my mind once when I was in the hospital. Also, when I was a child, like 10 or 11, I had this strange 3D cartoon boy in my head called “Rich” and we would make bets with each other and see who got the most points for being correct about our bets. Stuff like “I bet you can’t make it upstairs in 5 steps” or “I bet you’ll see a red car crossing the road before the light turns green.”"
174324680,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Neurocognition functioning as a prerequisite to intact social cognition in schizophrenia. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, I _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Cognitive neuropsychiatry , Oct 2019 17 Introduction: There are mixed findings regarding the relationships between neurocognition and social cognition in schizophrenia. This study aims to provide new empirical evidence to help determine the relationships between these constructs in schizophrenia. Methods: 299 stabilised patients with schizophrenia aged 18-65 years old were recruited. After having into account exclusion criteria, final sample was contained 284 patients. The Emotion Recognition Assessment Test (ERAT) was used to assess six basic emotions. To assess the theory of mind (_NAME_), the Hinting Task and the Faux-Pas Test were used, and the Screen for Cognitive Impairment in Psychiatry (SCIP) was administered to assess cognitive functioning. Bivariate and multivariate analyses (partial correlations, canonical co
rrelation, regression analysis, and confirmatory and exploratory factor analysis) were conducted. Results: Statistically significant relationships were found between the subtests of the SCIP and social cognitive measures. The redundancy coefficient in the canonical analysis was 0.13. The CFA analysis showed that the best model has a two-factor structure, in which neurocognition and social cognition are correlated factors. Less than 10% of patients with impaired cognitive functioning have a performance within normal range on social cognition tests. Conclusions: The findings show that neurocognition and social cognition are independent but related constructs."
175880475,I ate food and now I feel tired
175880476,"You also were self-studying calculus though, and actually helped me on some of my calculus homework. Don’t doubt yourself. You are good at math. You will naturally find some parts more difficult than others. Just because they are all math doesn’t mean they are all the same. Geometry deals a lot more with spatial awareness and visual thinking than other fields."
175880477,"Nope, not today but I will tomorrow. Tomorrow I don't have to get up so early because I am leaving to go to my sister's. 5 hours in the car one way. UGH. But it will be worth it when I get there and see her and the kiddos."
175880478,"That’s awesome… It must be expensive ? I’m on risperidone… This med suits me well. To answer your question _AT_MENTION_ , i’m on lamictal that’s a really good med for mood disorder. I used to be very depressive, it enhances the mood up. I take lithium too, and sertraline."
175880479,"_PERSON_, it sounds like this is really difficult! I'm sorry to hear about your loss, grief is such a bitch emotion. I think it makes total sense to feel all of what you described--anxiety attacks can create those same sensations and leave us feeling totally out of control, exhausted, spinning, etc. I tend to find that meditation helps me relieve a little bit of that anxiety--if nothing else it gives me a few minutes to breathe again as usually, my breath is the first thing to go. I hope that you are able to find support. There's an app called, Inisght Timer, it offers thousands of guided meditations that you could try to see if sitting for a few minutes, even if your restless and anxious the whole time, is helpful. Sending care."
175880480,"Not sure if I am understanding this post correctly, but thankyou anyways. Really really. Sometimes I don’t know if I’m understanding when I read a post of yours, and I sort of hope I’ve interpreted correctly instead of asking you to paraphrase over and over again. Lol. Wishing you a best year yet for 2021"
175880481,Hi Lion…I’ve met actual animals I have to ask…are you speaking from your best side
175880482,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I can get an AP shot. I’m on a total of 17 meds and supplements and otc doc recommended things. She, my pdoc, asked me to check into the price, to see if I can afford it. _AT_MENTION_ I think you’re right. You always give such good feedback, consistently. My biggest flaw is my inconsistency."
175880483,Why could it be worse and why be it bad at all? Do you view it as a gift or curse? (Dx Sz)
175880484,45 Years. With the body of a 60 year old - and the mentality of a 16 year old lol
175880485,"Excellent nonsense _AT_MENTION_ Since you can speak the scandinavian tongue, you might enjoy this danish nonsense poem from 1918. (the author makes fun of the avantgarde / artist nonsense poems that were popular at that time, like in the video i posted) “Se, solen går _NAME_ i et kogende hav af prinsessesuppe og vælling, den blå elefant i sin fætters trapez spiser kommenskringler på tælling. Men gråspurven farver sit fuldskæg grønt i kartofler og apollinaris, bag Bredgade løber Holmens Kaal, der svømmer på ryggen _PERSON_.”"
174324690,Great job wish u a healthy recovery
175880486,Maybe it’s more to do with getting yourself well so you can cope better
175880487,"Yeah I mean I would like to see if he could change. But I don't know, it just seems like we've been floundering on the meds for multiple years now. I was on this same combination of meds all throughout college. I just feel stupid for already making an appointment with another pdoc. It's almost as if I don't think things through. But honestly I felt like I thought about it a fair amount. Anyway, about my parents, really the only control they have over me is financial, as they don't have power of attorney or anything like that... But the level of financial control is quite high because I don't earn much these days..."
175880488,I would forget your therapist. The only ones whose diagnoses matters are psychiatrists because they prescribe meds.
175880489,I bought a couple of cute tops. I discovered some interesting books thanks to this site. Still keeping up with my school work.
175880490,kinda wanna stay up late
175880491,thank you _AT_MENTION_
175880492,You are as strong as a horse! but not as strong as an elephant. When you think that the rest of your life is probably on meds then with the chemical cosh you need to be at least as strong as an ox!
175880493,"My 24 y.o. brother is moving soon, he’s looking for a house now, he will get married soon too. The other one is 28 y.o. and is lazy, he failed with many girlfriends and keep changing jobs every 6-12 months. I don’t think he will ever leave. One is better than 2 annoying me at least I guess."
175880494,"Always a pleasure to discover your art, Spooky. Well done again !"
175880495,"IMO you should find a Creatine supplement, that speeds up muscle recovery and reduces the painful period. Also, eat a good amount of protein."
175880496,As a sz it can be your worst enemy or best friend.
175880497,What else can your voices do?
175880498,"I bought 2 months of storable food a while ago, but that was based on earlier exponential case growth, that I now know was simply due to lots of people being tested at a time. I don’t think it’ll get civilization-threateningly bad, tentatively. Like it’ll get bad, but not 60-70% of the population getting infected bad, which is just some ridiculous extrapolation divorced from reality that low information “experts” are parroting. Countries that had explosive growth but controlled their case growth (peaked, in other words) are China, South Korea, and Norway. Hopefully Italy too, but there’s only like 2 datapoints suggesting that so far. South Korea is a good example because they peaked without a lockdown. Just used high technology to test all the people that wanted it, and then quarantined the positives. They didn’t have to lock down everyone."
175880499,"Yes, OK. You? Now I’m lurking in this forum cos symptoms seem to come back. But my mood is good"
175880500,_PERSON_ there still _USER_ID_ of mental illness in this world. I guess it will never change.
175880501,"I drink chlorprotexen and eglonil. drugs increase prolactin. I drank Abilifay separately and _PERSON_ did not fit, I felt bad on it. how can they be used in conjunction?"
175880502,Great _AT_MENTION_ ! Hoping the best for you! How have you gotten by without it? Do you know which lawyer you’re going to hire?
175880503,"It sounds as good as any beats I’ve heard on this forum. Not bad at all. Nowadays, you don’t have to actually play an instrument and write music to consider yourself a musician. Just editing preset parameters on a software program. It’s all good. Time marches on."
174324691,"Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for psychosis has a high disengagement rate, and certain factors related to behavior, substance misuse, problems with occupation and activities, and the complexity of problems may predict disengagement, according to a study published in British Journal of Clinical Psychology . https://www.psychiatryadvisor.com/home/schizophrenia-advisor/cognitive-behavioral-therapy-for-psychosis-predictors-of-disengagement/"
175880504,Hello again. I took my prescribed & supplements except for the fish oil.
175880505,"Yes, peace of mind is what I want too. It’s a good thing to ask for."
175880506,_AT_MENTION_ do you have a glucosometer?
175880507,Why do you hate yourself?
175880508,7 years! Awesome!
175880509,How is your diet going in general. Do u intend to keep it like that for life and was it very different before u started the whole 30?
174324696,Threads like this make me wonder if I even have sza :S
175880510,Yeah I just got checked this year for STDs and I’m in the clear thankfully. I had been worried I caught something from him but I’m glad I didn’t.
175880511,Yeah it’s very likely _AT_MENTION_ 5 years ago when I experienced a psychotic break I saw lights flashing all around our property during the night. Hallucinating during psychosis is common even if you don’t usually experience hallucinations.
174324699,"Idk…not much the somatics… nor even the suffering… or the lack of energy in my evenings…not so much the paranoia I find too. Just a few… once my doc said that I have paranoid sz with mostly negative symptoms yeah… but can it be so hard to the point of not having a life since 25 years lol? Yeah… sorry, I know many suffer too but the docs said also I am a hard case …"
175880512,"your situation sounds quite complicated. it is hard for me to understand your bond with your mother. yea she is indeed still alive and I feel it every day since we live in the same place atm. like I don’t with my dad but with her I do, it is like she has this strong energy thing that can affect me for some reason…"
175880513,Wear a roll neck with a blazer on top
175880514,"Yeah I was scrolling through the levels just to see how long it goes and omg it goes on forever, the game like never ends"
175880515,Abilify is a great mood stabilizer. He’s right. Let me ask you. Why is it so important to you to be diagnosed as sz?
175880516,"Now that I'm off the Cogentin I dont have to strain to pee anymore. it works! also I fixed the cover of my short story kindle edition, and unpublished my first book because I felt like it for many reasons."
174324704,My family won’t let me take Abilify because it causes me risky and deadly behavior. Beating Abilify’s side effects psychologically is impossible even delusional.
175880517,I have intrusive thoughts. I feel like the government is putting them into my head.
175880518,You’re stronger than you think You’re sick You aren’t faking it You can handle it
175880519,"I think I'm gonna have my sister pick up some Chinese takeout for me next Saturday when she stops by with my money. I haven't had Chinese food in forever. I want some sweet and sour chicken, pork fried rice, and an egg roll"
175880520,its strange bc if i wasnt medicated i would be totally dependent on others it would be unimaginable thanks btw
175880521,since 2010 i feel mostly gr8 everyday
174324698,I like to be as transparent as possible.
175880522,OMG! I am totally like this as well. And it never goes away on it's own and I always think it will!
175880523,Do you have any Sleepytime tea or Tylenol PM? If you try for a half hour you might be able to.
175880524,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for everything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Projec
t — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
175880525,That does not sound like a good idea. I’m pretty sure I know what your pdoc would say too.
175880526,"It is strange how people forget history, the two ethnarchs of old held each other with the greatest respect, but both their people’s have forgotten this as history is being written by people with no interest in telling the truth. The gift of two lions from Selassie to Makarios will always be remembered, their offspring still live on the island, a symbol of everlasting love."
175880527,"The the television series Supernatural, featuring the fictional brothers _NAME_ and _NAME_ killing various devils and other supernatural beasts had at least one episode about a horror movie set, challenging the boundary between real fictional horror and fictional fictional horror. This blurring of the distinction between horror and fiction was in parallel with the a homoerotic crush that the director had on one of the leading brothers. It seemed to me that the homoerotic crush was portrayed as being more scary than the horror at any level of fictionality, and scarier still would have been the incestual homoerotic crush between the two brothers featured in a lot of “_PERSON_” fan fiction. What I cam trying to say is, some aspects of reality can be scarier than more conventional horror, such as “Satan.”"
175880528,"I would choose _PERSON_, the co-founder of Sony Corporation. He died in 1999. Aside from that, for living people, I’m not sure because the fact they’re alive, might mean they won’t like me."
175880529,"According to Wikipedia: “Nicotine is highly addictive, unless used in slow-release forms.” A low dose nicotine patch is probably one of the slowest ways to release nicotine."
175880530,I live at an assisted living center that has both women and men in it. I get enough interaction with females to dispel some of the lonliness I felt when I was isolated from women. A lot of my problem was that I expected too much. I’m not suitable to a women who looks like a Playboy bunny and who is a Sunday school teacher at church. Sometimes men tell women to look for men who are “diamonds in the rough”. There are a lot females who are diamonds in the rough too. All they need is a little confidence from a man who loves them.
175880531,"Thanks. Sorry for being so negative, im sad. I just feel nobody would really mind if im gone. My dad just told me maybe my brothers are being harsh, but him and my son do care. I sent a photo to my doctor, it has become a visible lump. I will get a second opinion."
175880532,Is there any other sleeping meds besides Ambien that are like Ambien?
175880533,Glad things worked out for you _AT_MENTION_ .
175880534,Do you have references having quit your job _AT_MENTION_?
175880535,"The meaning behind the name change will be the action to have hope. I’ll explain some day soon, for the time being I’ll just enjoy being cryptic."
175880536,"My voices are mostly quiet now thanks to the medication. However, when they were there, they would say some awful things from time to time. Sometimes they just made random statements or statements based on what i was doing at the time."
175880537,"It’s addictive or obsessive compulsive, but i got the same with cigarettes, it’s like ocd. I got to smoke by all costs. When i don’t smoke i am dysfunctional. I can’t talk or think, it makes me vulnerable and therefore anxious."
175880538,CNBC – 11 Mar 20 Here's why people are panic buying and stockpiling toilet paper to cope with... Psychologists spoke to CNBC to weigh in on why our brains push us to panic buy — even when authorities are assuring the public there's no need to.
175880539,Welcome to the Forum. Good for you for reaching out. You should definitely contact your pdoc and let them know you’re struggling with some symptoms. You sound like you need a different anti-psychotic. Maybe switch out the quietiapine for something a little stronger and you’ll be good to go. Something simple like that. I’m sure your pdoc will have some really great ideas for you. In the meantime tending to your stress can help. So make sure you are getting enough sleep and good nutrition. Take a few extra minutes to relax here and there when you can. Do stretching exercises or Yoga Meditate. Drink plenty of water. All those self care things.
175880540,I’m symptom free as long as I’m not stressed out. I got schizophrenia in 1996 when I was 20. My psychosis was very severe. The doctors told my mom I’d have to be institutionalized and there was very little chance I’d recover. I spent 10 years in the workforce and had to learn how to cope with my illness. I learned to hide it well. I did a lot of soul searching while working. Working helped me with my communication skills. It also helped me distinguish what was real and what wasn’t. I also taught myself how to play chess. Chess helps with planning and memory. Every night I’d come home from work and play chess. I rarely have hallucinations and I’ve overcome the worst of my delusions. Although I still have paranoia and a hard time trusting people. I’ve built a wall around myself and I don’t let many people in. I had a lot of bad stuff happen to me when I was young. I walked a thin line between prison and death. I was on drugs and took everything to the extreme. I wronged a lot of poep
le and a lot of people wronged me. I have a couple close friends and that’s it.
175880541,"Have not been to the Sydney Opera House, one day! Even though a metal head, and listen to a lot of symphonic metal, i do enjoy violins, and especially on the quicker side! Symphony and Metallica, Battery!!! It does go off! Hi all. HT"
175880542,You are indeed blessed to have such supportive parents. Cherish them as much as possible and don’t take it for granted. It truly is a huge blessing that not everyone has!
175880543,graffiti star1920×1080 758 KB
175880544,It’s nice when people change for the better. It’s such a relief and gives a sense of hope
175880545,"It always amazes me why many people will stay with a lousy doctor. If I get an off vibe on my very first visit, I look for another doctor. I don’t put up with nonsense…no patience for it at all…especially when it comes to my own mental health."
175880546,But it might make me wait a couple more weeks to get the blood work to show I’m compliant… I don’t want my new pdoc to get the wrong impression of me by mess ups You guys on here can’t talk about it?
175880547,Keeps It Cools. . . . . . .
175880548,Yes it sure would _NAME_. I have a bicycle. I can go crochet in the library. I need to give up stupid worries. It’s gonna be really
175880549,I also remember Segregation and Corporal Punishment when in Elementary school.
175880550,"Ah, condolences."
175880551,I missed the thread. But _AT_MENTION_ i think u great !
175880552,Story of my life
175880553,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880554,"Guys,the woman on the tv saying the news is the same to whom i had sent message asking her if she likes me. Now i feel we are connected somehow? Maybe married"
175880555,Thank you _AT_MENTION_. _AT_MENTION_. Embroidery or sewing?
175880556,Thanks _PERSON_ me.
175880557,Mostly on arms hands and now and then elsewhere on the upper body.
175880558,"bump quoting a bump…intriguing, a new approach!"
175880559,"Questions about diet ,exercise,smoking and drinking . BP,pulse and weight taken . BP112/76 and pulse 72 . Wasn’t told about the weight. The scales were only very slightly raised , but my granddaughter had to steady me as I was weighed as I was quite wobbly … Should’ve had blood test done beforehand but no one had told me to . That’ll be done on the11th ."
175880560,I still feel a bit depressed. I cant seem to stay busy enough to avoid it.
175880561,Thanks _AT_MENTION_! Hope yours is going well
175880562,Klonopin to me has been a miracle drug. Never got addicted or built a tolerance just a great medicine for me. But I understand some people develop problems.
175880563,Have you seen attack ships on fire off the shoulder of _NAME_?
175880564,I’m functioning descent with my job and hobbies. I struggle with anxiety at times and that’s when the voice interfere with my sleep.
175880565,These are incredibly helpful examples. I think it should be okay then. No specific threats were mentioned. And whether or not making ones life a living hell is actionable is arguable. This makes me feel like there’s a much higher chance of being able to talk through as opposed to something that will definitely be reported immediately. I may still report it but I think it’s important that I do some reality checking before making any moves. I could seriously screw up someone’s if I was just hallucinating during a regular conversation. Thank you very very much ninjastar.
175880566,i hope your daughter will come out ok… best of luck to you _AT_MENTION_ you are in my thoughts for sure…
175880567,"Good to hear, I’m happy you finally got your medication. I don’t blame you for being pissed, Its scary to be out of medication."
175880568,"I think you cut yourself because your sub-conscious is angry. I also think, but I’m not positive your sub-conscious is bitter."
175880569,"i was diagnosed early early on like at 6 years old. then it subsided so they hoped they were mistaken (the pdocs). never fear, hell was here. it came back of course. _NAME_"
175880570,I did. I cut it in half and took the half.
175880571,Does a psychologist help your delusions temporarily even for a short time?
175880572,I dont feel depressed at all
175880573,IMG_20210501_1740091069×653 195 KB
175880574,I’m gonna try to face my agoraphobia tomorrow and take a long walk. I’ll post how it goes.
175880575,when you find out that everything is ok and nothing to worry about you will feel better. laws of probability are on your side
175880576,I think my dad and step-father are. Especially my dad. My mom didn’t pick good men.
174324703,My diagnosis got changed from schizoaffective depression to Borderline Personality Disorder and PTSD with Dissociative Symptoms and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. The psychosis is apparently part of the PTSD... it can cause some hallucination type symptomology.
175880577,no I have not tried it
175880578,Glad to hear that your daughter is on mending. That must have been very hard on your family. Best wishes for her recovery.
175880579,hi _AT_MENTION_…were the placements for psychiatric nursing difficult…i imagine it must be tough to do those placements…are you thrown in at the deep end also do you feel more enlightened about psychology and the nature of the mind when youve done psych nursing
175880580,Thank you! My back pain is so bad I just want to be in bed forever more. I wish it would start to ease up. Are you doing anything fun today?
175880581,"I want to die early. I want my parents to stop suffering. When I die, their suffering ends. I can’t do this to them anymore."
175880582,I read a lot. I have no problem.
175880583,"Mine would also pretend that I was on camera because they would say things like ‘he looks nervous does he hear us?’ Or ‘his clothes are all dirty’ or ‘look I’ll make him turn in a circle’ and I would turn around sharply as I’m walking ( but not intentionally like when I go to grab something) they also used to comment on my pupil size as I was watching tv (because I would pretend for ages that I couldn’t hear them, and they were checking my pupils to see if I was nervous from hearing them) it’s the reason I thought the tv screen was a camera.please believe me these are only snippets it was much more intricate than that"
175880584,People can get a BSN at community college or transfer and pay very little. But the programs are impacted and you gotta be smart and get good grades. A lot of people abuse the system…
175880585,"_PERSON_ it also depends on symptoms severity. My friend has social anxiety disorder taking meds but he’s able to work a hard job, electrician in construction, and hangout with many friends daily, he also plays in a rock band. He’s doing way better than me."
175880586,I will try to get hold of someone but September was the earliest they could do
174324706,"Maybe. I think antipsychotic medication lowers the immune system response some. So starting on a new one may make you sick. But I am not sure, it’s just what I heard. Abilify made me very angry, so I couldn’t take it anymore."
175880587,Ok thank you
175880588,It’s always too short if your hair curls and they cut it wet. Sometimes I make them cut it dry so they can see the curl structure of a typical day.
175880589,I have the same experience. I wouldn’t remember everything but I don’t completely space out like some people. Spacing out completely can be scary becus u wudnt know what you’ve done or didn’t do. I’d just forget until someone would remind me then i remember again. I had the bad habit of writing them down on Instagram as captions.
175880590,Can you start out small _AT_MENTION_ Like just do one room at a time ? Maybe concentrate on one room today and another tomorrow. That way it’s not so overwhelming.
175880591,She probably just figured you were trying to “get out of it”
175880592,Sometimes you just cant reason with idiots
175880593,I had been living in a mentally abusive relationship. I started believing that my husband wanted me dead - why else would he be so hurtful and cruel. I explained to my sister that I believed he was trying to poison and drug me so she took me to the Doctor for a drug screening test. It came back negative and I was left with written evidence there was something seriously wrong with my way of thinking.
175880594,Sending child painted flowers your way! image4032×3024 1.96 MB
175880595,That’s great!
175880596,I think I had sz very early in life or even maybe since I was born.
175880597,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324705,"I’m in the same boat you are, _AT_MENTION_. I’ve had to quit several jobs due to schizophrenia (paranoia mostly). The anxiety is awful while I’m on the job, too. Longest I’ve lasted on a job since having sz is like 2 months. But I’m currently looking for work! Part-time, day shift only. roughly 20 hours a week. We’ll see if I can land a job somewhere"
175880598,"Protein pasta with _NAME_ oil, Parmesan, and red pepper"
175880599,When I was 13yo I had a ”meltdown/episode” of a kind at my grandma’s house They started dragging me around because I hadn’t ate anything that day because I didn’t want to I blacked out and hurt people etc I couldnt even probably answer simple questions in that state and I almost got ran over by a car that time they were considering calling the police or an ambulance if i didnt calm down They wanted to admit me into a psych ward I didn’t calm down but they held me down… Proceeded by insults like ”insane” and ”crazy” and insulting me from the time when I was a 1-2 year old ”you act just like my schizo son” it was really hurtful to me and i was just crying after it
175880600,Yeah true. But a good driver as you know is better than a computer. I’m not saying bad drivers. I drove cars for a living. And forklifts. I could do amazing things in real time as you would know. I’d probably like some AI for the rubbish drivers for sure but I’d rather a human capable of learning over a machine at our technology.
175880601,Honestly Not That Curious
175880602,"Here you go, a bmi calculator: nhs.uk – 19 Oct 18 BMI calculator | Check your BMI Check your BMI and understand your result"
175880603,"Someone once said “be kind to your mind”! First you need to find the best medication. Could take some time. It seems to me that you aren’t very functional yet (intrusive thoughts, extreme tiredness). Then comes therapy. Slowly pruning out negative thought patterns. All that while spending your days doing mostly what you like. Then you’ll gradually feel worthy and you will enjoy life again. You’ll still have limitations but you won’t feel guilty anymore."
175880604,"Hmm. In school I was a lean, mean test taking machine."
175880605,"That’s a reasonable question, but what if dreaming is all you’re doing, and you’re not ‘alive’ in the everyday sense?"
175880606,It’s ok that you won. He can learn from that.
175880607,"_AT_MENTION_ ,sometimes I feel like""should I walk or just roll over to somewere "" …"
174324707,Good article!!!
175880608,"Not your dude, friend"
175880609,Please don’t fret about it…it’s natural…I am very careful when it comes to believing what my mind throws at me sometimes…like I do believe I have always been open to the spirit world…that was way before I got sick and I have more than a few experiences with the spirit world speaking to me through dreams or visitation of my grandfather…now I believe I have a spirit portal that has been with me in three different states where I’ve lived… I hope I am trying to say that I too am careful what my mind does…and mouthing the words while I think happens to me too…I do affirmation in the mirror…helps me maybe try that…just speak to yourself about you.
175880610,I don’t know… thats why im kind of confused about this
175880611,"He said he knew nothing about it. He did have it piped into his waiting room, though. Someone who never watched live performances might doubt that such technique is even possible. He certainly didn’t believe in me."
175880612,"Welcome _AT_MENTION_ The english author _NAME_ once wrote: “I don’t believe in god, but i miss him.” I think i have it the same way."
175880613,Feed your will. That is what matters the most!
175880614,I forgot about the not for retail on front. I just canceled the order. And am gonna order regular ones without the tag. Especially if it costs just as much. I dont want that tag on the front.
175880615,Nice one _AT_MENTION_ !
174324723,"Why we always talk about my paranoia, _PERSON_? My docs know it better than you and i… I am having paranoia, my lack of calm is a positive symptom, yeap… I am so ill, that I even don’t realize it, but I don’t think, that all the docs are wrong on this, no… There’s no way… But I have negative symptoms on the other hand, which maybe are the reason why I don’t get better. The sedentary and the isolation killed me too, yes… But my main doc was saying, that she wants to decrease my fears first… She said, that she cant help my negatives, but I need an ap for my fears…"
175880616,"To me, a delusion is a belief that defies common logic, and where “proof” only makes sense to the person with the delusion. I do believe a delusional person can have some insight, but as long as they keep obsessing over whether it’s real or not, they’re delusional. Talking to someone with an irrational, impossible to prove delusion is sometimes like talking to a brick wall. To them it feels real and seems logical, and you’re a stupid sheep for not seeing their “truth”"
175880617,You’re not a horrible person. The fact you think you’ve made horrible mistakes when they’re not even much bad at all shows you are a nice and caring person. Keep ur head up!!
175880618,"I hate to pseudo-prescribe things for you, but Remeron helps with sleep. As does Zyprexa. For me, that is. I know everyone has different reactions to things. That's why I gave the disclaimer of course. I just started taking Zyprexa again recently and it is really helping my sleep. In terms of just the nightmares and crap I usually experience. I also feel more like going to bed at a reasonable time and I also feel a lot better in the morning."
175880619,"I’m starting a new job next week. I have orientation this Sunday and my first shift will be on Wednesday. Also, I just moved into a new apartment a few days ago. I’m nervous that this might be a bit too much for me at one time. I was thinking about calling my therapist to see if he has any advice on what to do. Thing is, I’m not scheduled to meet with him until the same Wednesday that my first shift is scheduled for. Overall feeling very anxious about having two transitions back to back like this. Does anyone have advice on how to handle this?"
175880620,"_NAME_, my cat, went out exploring last night around dinner time. She came slinking in with what we think was transmission fluid all over her! We immediately got her into a bath and put some dawn on her and tried to scrub it off. In the meantime I was calling the emergency vet to see if we could get her in because I didn't know if she had ingested any. After filling out a billion online forms, the emergency vet calls me and tells me just to bathe her and there's nothing they can do. She is still a hot mess. We give her another bath, this time with vegetable oil and dawn because not so helpful emergency vet said that vegetable oil or _NAME_ oil would help cling to the transmission fluid. Yeah, right. I ended up with a wet, angry, oily, dish-soapy cat. We went through a ton of towels trying to dry her off but they were getting dirty so we kept going through more towels. She is still leaking fluid from her coat this morning, all over my bed and pj's of course. I fed though and she ate so I am reasonab
ly sure she didn't ingest any of the transmission fluid besides maybe licking some off of her fur. She looks miserable. I am miserable. My beautiful cat looks like a drowned rat. I don't know what else to do to clean her! We found the pan of transmission fluid that she must have jumped into in my neighbors yard. It was right next to the fence. So she must have jumped over the fence and landed in it. That explains how it got on her belly. Poor _NAME_!"
175880621,make jokes and laugh on my face anyone like me they can turn my thinking into something funny
175880622,"YAY _AT_MENTION_ ! Six pounds is GREAT! Sounds like you’re doing really well with your eating too, which will be very helpful after the Slimfast is done. CONGRATS! I am down another two pounds - 249.8 so 250. That is 18 pounds since starting Zyprexa and 69 pounds total. I know that 249,8 is JUST below 250, but I was thrilled to see the 240’s."
175880623,"I fell in love with my ex wife but honestly I don’t know if she ever loved me. She ended up cheating, stealing and physically assaulting me."
175880624,"Lol well I know I’m better then I use to be. I’m a little depressed but also relieved my delusions are pretty much gone. my hallucinations are gone, my anxiety is soooo much better, mood overall is better, my cognition has improved, I can feel my body naturally in control again, and I don’t obsess on things anymore so much. Thanks to these 5 pills. I just wonder how the F these pieces of pharmaceutical chemicals can be so effective just by swallowing. All 5 are important, if I didn’t take any of the 1/5 I’d feel really uncomfortable. But as it stands these pills are really helping and it’s mind boggling to me"
174324708,"I am considered moderately functioning by my mom, doctors, and apparently even the government based on my disability review. I have cognitive deficits and trouble controlling my emotions and I need heavy support in order to function at this level. I have some independence like being allowed to walk my dog all around the city by myself, but mostly my mom takes care of me. It frustrates me sometimes because I want to be an adult and make my own decisions, but I know it’s for the best and overall I understand that I’m not ready to be on my own. Anyway, I’m not offended by being referred to as moderately functioning. It’s just a reference to how well I function in society, not a reflection of my efforts or value as a person. I guess because, at the end of the day, even though I’ve gotten so much better, I just don’t function well. Doesn’t mean I never will. I feel like I’ll still have plenty of time if I just keep at it."
175880625,"Hire a hooker, jk."
175880626,I’ve been on Geodon for over ten years. It’s been great. I love it.
175880627,I would recommend a nice herbal tea somewhere in there. If you drink hot coffee it gives you that happy warm feeling without the anxiety. Some can even be relaxing.
175880628,I stopped Saturday night
174324720,"I am not sure there is a favourable antipsychotic left in the UK that will fit my preference for no weight gain. I have been on Risperidone, Olanzapine, Abilify, Latuda, Haloperidol and Amisulpride. A part from this prolactin issue, the Amisulpride has made me feel the most ‘normal’ and deals with my symptoms well. Clozapine has been mentioned before, but I said no as the side effects looked similar to me to Olanzapine and I put on 35 kilos on that drug. I also need to be awake for work at 6am"
175880629,Most I’ve run into are polite and understanding…although I had a couple during involuntary commitment who were less so.
175880630,I don’t believe research on supplements/etc has been buried by pharma. I think it’s simply the case that no supplement has antipsychotic properties. You wouldn’t be able to keep something like that secret anyway as people all over the world are taking supplements.
175880631,"I wish there was a laugh button, Your posts always get me giggling a bit . Thanks hahahaha"
174324717,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Common increased hippocampal volume but specific changes in functional connectivity in schizophrenia patients in remission and non-remission following electroconvulsive therapy: A preliminary study. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, NeuroImage. Clinical , Nov 2019 08 Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered a treatment option in patients with drug-resistant schizophrenia (SZ). However, approximately one-third of patients do not benefit from ECT in the clinic. Thus, it is critical to investigate differences between ECT responders and non-responders. Accumulated evidence has indicated that one region of ECT action is the hippocampus, which also plays an important role in SZ pathophysiology. To date, no studies have investigated differences in ECT effects in the hippocampus between treatment responders and non-responders. This study recruited twenty-one SZ patients treated for four weeks with ECT (MSZ, n?=?21) and twenty-
one SZ patients who received pharmaceutical therapy (DSZ, n?=?21). The MSZ group was further categorized into responders (MSR, n?=?10) or non-responders (MNR, n?=?11) based on treatment outcomes by the criterion of a 50% reduction in the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale total scores. Using structural and resting-state functional MRI, we measured the hippocampal volume and functional connectivity (FC) in all SZ patients (before and after treatment) and 23 healthy controls. In contrast to pharmaceutical therapy, ECT induced bilateral hippocampal volume increases in the MSZ. Both the MSR and MNR exhibited hippocampal expansion after ECT, whereas a lower baseline volume in one of hippocampal subfield (hippocampus-_USER_ID_ transition area) was found in the MNR. After ECT, increased FC between the hippocampus and brain networks associated with cognitive function was only observed in the MSR. The mechanism of action of ECT in schizophrenia is complex. A combination of baseline impairment level, ECT-introduced m
orphological changes and post-ECT FC increases in the hippocampus may jointly contribute to the post-ECT symptom improvements in patients with SZ. TL;DR patients who responded (50% decrease in PANSS) to ECT had an increase in functional connectivity between the hippocampus and brain networks associated with cognitive function. Non-responders had an increase in hippocampal volume but not connectivity."
175880632,My delusions are already under control… no meds needed
175880633,I too have had that liquid stuff on sugar cubes. I’ve always wondered if that couldve been the beginning of my mental problems.
175880634,"I believe that porn is a danger to your soul. _PERSON_ say’s"" lust and greed are a snake bite to the soul"" I always felt like ???? after I beet off over porn. Always wished I hadn’t done it."
175880635,I find all the gut links interesting.
174324713,a fellow member here with a past diagnosis of sz who is doing much better now. _NAME_
174324726,"To tell you the truth, the delusions and the experiences that I had while in the grip of mental illness have made it more difficult for me to have any kind of faith. I’ve had a long and complex Faith journey that included some time is a Christian, some time as a Buddhist and even some time as an atheist. I was starting to come back around and maybe believe in God when I got blindsided and badly traumatized by the symptoms of schizophrenia. To tell you the truth, I feel like if there is a God he pulls the rug out from under me just when I need help/stability the most. That said, I think this is the source of my delusions about reincarnation. There are some studies performed by University professors that seemed to corroborate the stories of young children with memories of their past lives. it’s a fascinating topic if you ever want to spend some time digging into it. I was going to link an article for you, but it says I can’t because I’m a new user."
175880636,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! 1515
175880637,You can’t just will away a mental illness anymore than you could will away diabetes or heart disease.
174324714,"Before sz I almost always had happy dreams that made me wakeup happy and energized. After sz, dreams are mostly neutral or negative and nonsense/illogical."
175880638,Is that a common delusion?
175880639,"_PERSON_, yes that is a trippy thought. If thats reality though, why would it not create religion, philosophers, scientists, and such to make it all the more convincing. ‘It’ would have unlimited time to create this. I appreciate you are willing to talk about it and share with me your experience. Btw this is bitumin, rap colab, changed my name. Stay awesomesauce man!"
175880640,"Been on a new dose (double) of a stimulant and husband is using a reward system with me, really struggled to find me a ‘reward’. Also we set ‘easier’ goals. I am still feeling really unable to do anything, no motivation but with med I’m wide awake and high with energy , so it’s easier to force myself. Feel like a force is pushing me early afternoon once I stand up. May be the bipolar brain. I still sit in solitude and do nothing for 4-5 hours but it’s where I’m at. I don’t like it but… Afternoons past week: I have been taking more showers (for only 30 seconds). I am usually 4-5 days between. Aaand for the past TWO days I have been: treadmill - 5+ mins hot tub 15 mins meditation 30 sec shower This is huge for me. I have to force so much but I did it. Going to do this today too. I am going to keep fighting. If I just keep this up I will see myself differently. Gonna try to wash my hair today. Wish me luck. Yes I know stimulant is risky with BP1 and schizotypal but I have to try an
d I will monitor it. I do see some things I need to watch for."
175880641,Another vote for “you are gorgeous”. Don’t listen to the voices; listen to the consensus. We are smarter.
175880642,I had a phone call with my psychiatrist a while ago. It took about 5 minutes and was painless.
175880643,Lithium is not an antipsychotic. It is a mineral that is used to treat bipolar mania. I’ve heard that the depressive side of the cycle is pretty rough. Manic depressives/bipolar have a very high rate of suicide.
175880644,The same thing we’ve said every previous time you’ve asked. These are hallucinations/delusions caused by an illness and that you are NOT being talked about on TV.
175880645,"My first complete sketch, bird looks like he’s sleep deprived ?"
175880646,"well i want to get back to work, so i will have some money, but if i had a lot of money i wouldn’t be working. is my epiphany. i think i can handle certain types of work so will be pursuing part time employment once this pandemic is over. if part time work is successful i may try my hand at full time work. i’ve worked in the past for 12 years, various different jobs, from age 16-28, have been unemployed for 7 years now. i attempted to go back to work last year, but only lasted 6 hours of 1 work day. the job was just too physical for me. if i would have been in better shape it would have been a good job for me because mentally there was nothing to it."
174324727,What I mean is that many people that expect to go on a schizophrenia and psychosis group forum would expect everyone to be non-coherent and .. idk But we're all so sane and supportive and just in general normal people
175880647,don’t know what’s true anymore. All i know when i wait for the next happy wave. Psychic surfing.
175880648,"Perfect timing. I was just coming to look if you made this thread today because I really need it. I’m not sure what all I’m going to get done today, but I have a lot of things I want to get done today. Take a bath, clean off the table and put it away, clean up the living room, collect library books, declutter the entertainment center, empty the dishwasher, load the dishwasher, clean and wash the kitchen counters, wash pots and pans, put laundry away, sweep and mop bathroom, wash bathmat, organize shoes, email tattoo shop."
175880649,"I think some,not all, let personal biases get in the way when giving a label to someone. That was very much the case when I lived in Essex. If I had a PD it should have been the avoidant one. However the psych team, because there was a personality clash between us,went for pd nos and then paranoid pd. The medication has stayed quite constant ie Consta 2009-2018. Switch to Paliperidone monthly Oct 2018. Going to be switched to the 3 monthly version after next monthly dose."
175880650,"I am a new Mental Health Counselor. Just started with supervision for my LPC hours. I’ve been a Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor for over 20 years so, as an older adult making a career transition, I’m looking for resources to help me. I stumbled upon this several days ago. I haven’t yet had the time to fully explore but I do see some benefits to it. I’ve followed many topics."
175880651,are you alone or with family?
174324719,I got treated 2.5 years late. I have impaired memory and think i may be too disabled to go back to school bc of learning retention difficulties. My schiziphrenia is weird in the sense that a 100 percent remission is required for the memory to work. Other ppl with partial remission can use higher order cognition. Is this psychosis hard to reverse bc of dead brain cells? Anyone managed to achieve remission despite late treatment?
174324724,The thing is that you need to be smart to sue them.
175880652,"Cordele Dispatch – 27 Mar 20 Coronavirus vaccine begins clinical trials at _NAME_ in Atlanta - Cordele... By _NAME_ Staff Writer-Capitol Beat News Service Clinical trials to study a potential new vaccine for coronavirus began Friday morning at _NAME_ University in Atlanta, the school announced. The study trials, which started earlier this month in... It’ll be a year before a vaccine everyone is saying."
175880653,"I am still trying to quite. It is extremely hard , but I think you or I can do that… Quite smoking that is."
175880654,Sorry to hear that Pianogal
175880655,"At lost with words, I’m not a fan of birds, I wish I was a bard, but I got no beard."
175880656,Wife.Used to be gf which I dated a year and then got married
175880657,okay i understand. yea its hard to shovel. cool
175880658,"I think I should just Google and YouTube ""How to draw a person"""
175880659,Nature is cruel People from the 80s Have better haircuts Than me as a result
175880660,"What country do you live in ? In the USA if you have no prior charges they may let you off with a warning , community service or probation. My stepbrother lives in another state and a while back he blacked out drunk and vandalized 3 cars. He has no priors and he’s in AA now. Haven’t talked to my stepmom but I don’t think he’s facing any jail time. The family is hoping he’ll get community service"
175880661,"Do you and your brother usually work together co-operatively and have a well functioning relationship? My relationships with my siblings are craptacular and full of conflict. I would never work with them. My current colleagues and managers are all lovely, I would never have that dynamic with my siblings! But I’m guessing if you choose to work with your brother then you get along ok, and you’ve identified your non-existent family feud as a delusion so it sounds like a waste of time. Is your father in good health & relatively young ? - what I mean is, are you worrying prematurely about your father’s passing? My dad passed away over a decade ago and there was loads of conflict & agro over the will amongst his descendants. If you’re in a happy family and work in a healthy family business I think you should count your blessings & don’t understand why you’d ever want to be, albeit in a delusional way, in a family of conflict & aggression which is reality for me."
175880662,I switched meds 6 times to escape weight gain and being a zombie as side effects
175880663,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174324722,I have been doing a course two days a week. Apart from that I have various hobbies that keep me occupied like painting warhammer or Yu-Gi-Oh! I also play on the switch and PlayStation. Walk the dog. My partner has the same interests as me so we do them together. Yeah that’s how I spend my time currently. But I have had periods of time of just sitting and doing nothing for months. It was hell. I had no motivation.
175880664,Go to your local homeless shelter. You may not need free or low income help but you need help and they have a LOT of resources for the mentally ill homeless communities. That is how I got help. Almost instantly
175880665,I never abused alcohol or drugs. Really proud of myself. You can do this _AT_MENTION_ !
175880666,I have signs infallible 666/999
175880667,If you’re experiencing too much of an effect from the benzos maybe you’re on too high a dose. What are you taking/how much?
174324736,Delusions is part of schizophrenia. I have negatives too. I also have paranoia and fear about what I say and think and remember. I have treatment resistant delusions. Nothing works. I bring up memories and thoughts because if I dont I will just suffer.
175880668,"There’s raw intelligence, and there’s the practical application of intelligence . They’re not always mutual bedfellows."
175880669,"_NAME_, but I would settle for a hard to reach boogger"
175880670,"I have a second interview, but this time it’s with the Head of School for Health Science. I am shitting myself over this. I sent my form with my previous convictions, and it triggered this meeting tomorrow. I cannot believe that someone of such a high position at the University wants to talk with me My convictions were all before I was 16 (I am 32 now) She also said she wants to discuss my motivation to be a nurse on email"
174324729,"Lately it has been the negative symptoms: boredom, apathy, and no interest in anything but napping. It is very bad and I am considering the possibility of suicide. I am getting a lot of help to prevent this. Today will be a rough day."
175880671,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA094MjJ_P8 Trigger warning, just to be safe I've always been inspired to write scenes about mental health in my stories while listening to this. A scene about someone getting manic, or witnessing something traumatic, someone having a flashback to something traumatic, it's the perfect _NAME_ for it. The scene is nothing like that though. Really, he was given flowers by the title role, and the princess asks ""are those for me?"" and he says they are, but the character of the title role gave them to him to show him that she loved him. _PERSON_, like most tenor arias, does it best. The man had vocal chords of steel. He could sway his voice from happy to sad on the same breath. There was such pain and suffering in his voice, more than any other tenor was ever able to do. _PERSON_ was a perfect tenor, there's no doubt about that, but there are other perfect tenors too. _PERSON_ was another perfect tenor, and he's the one that holds his candle closest to _PERSON_. _PERSON_ 
was one of the ""Three Tenors,"" and was far and away the best of the three. Carreras and _PERSON_ were not push overs, but _PERSON_ had a world class marketing team, and Carreras was just there. I always felt so bad for him during that whole phase. Everyone knew who _PERSON_ was, because again, his marketing team was like no other, and because he was a world class talent too, I'm not trying to discredit that. _PERSON_ everyone knew because he was in literally everything. If there's an opera record box set, or an opera that was released as a film, odds are, _PERSON_ was the lead tenor. Just like _PERSON_ was in literally everything as the lead baritone. _PERSON_ though, on that stage, was the first one out, he was given the least amount of time, and during the finale where they sung _PERSON_, he was given the beginning and that's it. I'm sure he made a ton of money off it, but I always felt bad for him. Again, all three are/were world class talents. What was I even talking about? Oh, yeah, this is an _NAME_ I 
always go back to for that. You don't find a lot of videos for this _NAME_ on Youtube. I'm fortunate enough to have the performance above on vinyl record (seriously, if you've got a record player, and want classical vinyl, go to ebay. High-quality records for next to nothing). You search for the _NAME_ title, _PERSON_ is the first one to come up. Then some modern day performance by someone who I don't know, then _PERSON_, _PERSON_, then _NAME_. Avoid _NAME_ like the plague if you're trying to get into classical music, specifically opera. It's pretty stinking astonishing when he's a tenor doing a concert with a baritone and you can't tell who's who. Everyone is all ""oh, he's so dark with his singing!"" yeah, because he has his tongue down his throat. Dark shmark, he sounds freaking awful! You want to hear a dark tenor that doesn't sound terrible, look up _NAME_. Yes yes, enough of the ranting and raving for now. It's medicine time."
175880672,Sorry to you all if I came across as bitchy. It’s been one of those days.
175880673,I dont feel hopeful because my pdoc think my meds are fine. Last time i changed AP i relapsed.
175880674,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_. Sending you a hug. Take care.
175880675,I walked naked in the middle of the night one time. I was on a quiet street.
175880676,"Me, early on. I would shut down."
175880677,"Thanks y’all. Uhhhh so they postponed training again, and it being delayed to next Tuesday is going to coincide with my p-nurse appointment to have my meds looked at and possibly changed. I’m prioritizing the appointment. I’m going to see if I can change it but if not I’ll just have to go for work training another time, I guess."
175880678,"It’s all centered around the belief there’s some control in my life. How I’m a product of god in some way. Maybe negative. Maybe in hell. Or maybe one day I’m destined to be something great I’m not sure. But it’s grandiose I’d say it’s themed that I’m important. Hell solipsism is existent sometimes. I think life is just a big piece of artwork that makes no sense and is up for grand interpretation. But I have persistent delusions of grandiosity. It’s not just god it’s been aliens robots simulation, matrix, paid actors in my life, I’m an experiment. But yeah."
175880679,"Oh yeah. I’ve had people cry over my life story, which made me feel so wonderful about myself, /sarcasm."
174324741,Has anyone wished you a Happy Birthday yet?
175880680,Hmm… I suppose I am lucky in some aspects… I got married to someone at 26 (younger than my siblings) we also plan on buying a house soon… one of my siblings recently got a house and they’re 12 years older than me… I will also be having a kid at a younger age than my siblings. So basically I couldn’t achieve any of these things without my husband lol… so I am also lucky that I met him and that he lets me be a stay at home wife.
175880681,I trust I didn’t make mistakes here this morning. The aforementioned should provide a decent explanation of all things me. I found a hobby for the time being anyway… And funny is I think I’m communicating better on here due to it.
174324725,Did you change your music taste before/after sz?
175880682,My grandfather was featured in the local newspaper. Sadly not while alive. They are doing a series about past heroes in our community and granddad was a war veteran.
175880683,That’s awesome! I’m proud of you
175880684,"Clozaril this last time. Seroquel the previous. I still hear voices on both, but I have more clarity."
175880685,"Yeah, I got a shower today and washed my hair. I slept in until like 6 though! My alarm went off at 4:30 and I thought I had just hit snooze, but I turned it off and luckily I didn't have to be to work until 8 AM."
175880686,That’s a good answer. I think you are right.
175880687,yea maybe it is. I think it comes down to how addictive the nature of a person is maybe aswell…
175880688,Some stuff about being in tune
175880689,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174324735,"I'm triggered today (by my own stuff, not by anything here on PC). I probably should take some anti-anxiety medication but I don't want to get too sleepy because I've been having a great deal of tiredness since this new medication regimen. I think it is the increase in the AP actually but I don't know that for sure."
175880690,I was wondering this too. Last I read you were doing well physically.
175880691,"There is no point in separating a group of sz symptoms from the rest of the other and naming them Negative symptoms,under the pretext that it does not respond to current treatment methods ! In any case,there is no existing treatment that can intercept the casual factor,its destructive functional behavior that causes change and disorder which ultimately leads to the emergence of all symptoms ! Without any exceptions,there is a sudden unexpected malicious change that occurs in the basic meaning of each self-idea that the individual""s mind understood,it will inevitably result in the emergence of every symptoms (whether the individual suffers froms it or it is diagnosed by the researchers) Until this moment,there is no drug invented by humans that can hinder / suppress the process of altering the meaning of the self-ideas that the individual|s mind has just understood,which occurs as a result of the pathogen destructive functional activity outside the framework of the genetic program of the cell and t
he rest of the brain regions In all circumstances,it is imperative for the mind of the individual himself to suppress the process of change that take place in the concepts of self-ideas,whereas there is no opportunity for oneself to practice any positive behavior related the daily life events or personal interests"
175880692,"Your artwork is interesting. The closer spacing of the dots around some of the figures gives the impression of movement, sort of like ripples or waves in water around an object."
175880693,Everyone so busy busy busy busy.
175880694,"djdkdjflkf;ddckme0e0eorpeelfde;df,le-3oelpelddld;f;ld-ep-eldde;d;dpdd;pd;d;'600×511 232 KB"
175880695,Hi there thanks for the reply! I think it’s the plasma levels I believe ?
175880696,I literally do not know a life without hallucinating etc.
175880697,There is no law that states this. Do you have a bad driving record? Never heard of this.
175880698,image720×960 90.1 KB image720×960 84.3 KB image1164×873 133 KB instagram.com _AT_MENTION_ Mon chat joue fortnite évacuer tout le monde pour faire top 1 #chat #chaton...
175880699,I don’t feel normal. Today i was devil’s plaything again.
175880700,No I had to kick off so they’ll listen
175880701,"Thanks _NAME_. I wonder if switching to another ssri, like Prozac would be better. I am confused as to what to do."
174324737,No i havent . im on abilify and ive tried seroquel and risperdal but both made me a zombie
175880702,Yes. Abilify 15mg.
175880703,Thankfully you found out.
175880704,I continue to be having a tough time with (OCD) anxiety. Therapist is away for a few weeks. I’m doing ERP exercises every day. Hope the rest of you are doing well.
175880705,"I feel like it is, my dr told me my symptoms I apparantly have and not the other way round. My mind is blank sometimes and nothing brings joy anymore. I can’t immerse myself in drawing or series now I have read antipsychotics mess up the reward system so this makes sense."
175880706,"Not a number A brief all-silent play by _PERSON_ Man sits in an office chair behind a messy desk with phone, laptop, and an ipod with a set of big head phones. The phone rings once. The man visibly looks piqued. It’s only one ring, and he stares at the phone seeking a hesitant connection. He rubs his face. Enter supposed receptionist with small drum and mallet, and she aggressively stands in front of him, emotional and she bangs the drum one time. The man squints his eyes, and she leaves quickly. Man again shrugs his shoulders, and he begins work on his laptop. There is one knock that comes from the background, supposedly from the wall behind him. Man raises his head abruptly and stares straight ahead, wondering. It is only one loud knock. Silence. Pause. The man shrugs his shoulders yet again, and goes back to his laptop. There is the sound of one bark from a large dog that comes from his laptop. Man shakes his head, and raises his eyebrows, but it was only one bark, and isn’t sure if he imagi
ned it, but he closes his laptop and puts his head phones on, putting his head down with hands over his ears. He sits up and puts his head back on the chair, smiles, appearing more relaxed. There is the sound of one honk from a car passing outside, a loud, brief honk, and only one. Man throws the head phones down, and stands up quickly. He rummages around in his desk drawer for a bottle of pills. He pours out two and takes them fast drinking from a coffee cup. Man gets out a piece of paper from his drawer that has his small printed poem on it. He stands, and reads this poem out loud, imagining an audience. His voice does not carry. Enter a supposed male associate who stands just inside the room, and this man waits, then claps his hands one time, frowning, and he leaves. Man throws his hands up in the air, and sits down with all his weight. Suddenly the office phone rings again, one time, and the man dives to it quickly picking up, nearly screaming, “Hello?” There is a loud slam down of the receiver of the 
phone coming from the other end.* *The man carefully hangs up the phone. All at once, every singular sound he heard one time goes off all at the same time, in equal volume, and continuous, not just one time each. Man appears rattled, but puts his index finger up in the air and he goes to stand in front of a small broken mirror on the wall. With some working, the man turns the mirror around to face the wall, And on the back of the mirror hangs a vivid, wild painting with stenciling that reads in large print, One of a Kind. The sounds all stop. Silence. The man goes to his desk, and from the bottom drawer, he takes out what appears to be a name plate stand you would put on your desk, but instead of a name, it says in bold lettering: Not a Number. He sets it on his desk, facing outward. He smiles, and sits back. Suddenly 4 people rush in, with unique and varying looks, they approach the desk, and they silently appear to be talking to this man all at once, with loud body language. Man nods his head rapidly, looki
ng intently from person to person, listening and making mental notes. Lights out. The end."
175880707,"Same with me _AT_MENTION_, when I was put on anti-psychotics and every psychiatrist visit thereafter across all the psychiatrists that have treated me… None of them have ever offered a word of warning or advice about the side effects of taking anti psychotic medication for either the short term or long term."
175880708,Maybe just Google the drug name and read up about possible effects. Or does it not show up?
174324747,Welcome to the forum. They say I’m delusional sometimes. I see people outside my window wanting to hurt me. Right now everything is ok. The meds are working I guess.
175880709,Sorry you feel that way.
175880710,"I'm sorry to hear of your loss, _PERSON_. Please be kind and patient with yourself."
175880711,Go vegan and save the world
174324740,They all ignore negative symptoms as there is no treatment available
175880712,I came into this world alone and I’ll leave alone. I’m resigned to it. As long as good stuff keeps happening to me I’m happy.
175880713,Starting to get really bored being at home all the time.
175880714,"I need to accept my sz and that I am already at my best, I just have a hard time with that."
175880715,"man i am jealous of you guys over there in Canada and America, everything is bigger and better, you have big houses with big rooms orr basements, a small flat like mine would be considered a closet over there lol, If i had a bigger place i’d have a studio room for sure, i do everything from my couch with a mouse, mic and speakers, I try and make my sound good but it is hard, i cant check the levels like on a live chat at the station, i need to fix everything later and thats time consuming."
175880716,At the end of being numb feeling is starting to come back but it’s just painful aches and psychosis haulted everything. I’d rather not have feelings.
175880717,"_PERSON_, only water comes out, its called watery semen. Someone on this forum posted about it."
175880718,i can watch most movies. but when it has to do with sz it’s a bit hard sometimes… but it really depends… i think most movies are ok as i can sense it’s just movies. i think the psych ward… i haven’t been in jail but from what i can imagine i wouldn’t like to go to jail
175880719,In one of my past lives I was _NAME_ gogh and I even had the exact same illnesses. I havnt managed to overcome them yet. Maybe in my next life I will still have them.
175880720,I had a cheap treadmill that lasted me 15 years
175880721,"I make phone calls every day. I don’t receive phone calls every day though. I get most of the calls from my sisters or places that are returning my phone calls. Miscellaneous stuff like the DMV, or Social Security or Medicaid or the food bank. I try to stay in touch with my step-mom in Sacramento. I get lots of calls from my clinic returning calls or confirming appointments. I have only about three or four doctors I’m dealing with at this time: the dermatologist, the podiatrist, I need a physical examination, I see a nutritionist etc. Before this COVID hit and all my appointments were canceled, I was dealing with a lot of health issues. For about 9 months or maybe even a year I was literally going to two or three doctors appointments a week which required a lot of phoning back and forth."
174324748,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m really sorry you went through so much at such a young age. Your delusions you had (or have?) sound very similar to mine. My symptoms were consistent up until my diagnosis, I just went from just having delusions to having my first hallucinations. I don’t know if starting to hallucinate out of nowhere counts as a break or not, but I’d say it wasn’t because I wasn’t anymore paranoid or out of touch with reality then I had been since my symptoms started. What meds are you on if you don’t mind me asking? I’m still trying to find a medication that helps with hearing voices. Has any medication done that for you?"
175880722,"dun define urself high-functioning if u can’t hold a job, u may think u are well just because u r low-fuctioning without meds. i dun think it is possible to be high funtioning without meds tbh"
174324742,Its a more natural approach that they have. herbal tea And acupuncture dont beat medicine treatment. But it could be something you try as well.
175880723,How did you do with 150 mg ?
174324739,"_AT_MENTION_ thank you , at least now I know I’m not alone . I’m feeling a little Better now . But I’ll keep on trying"
175880724,"In my case, I can’t trigger them. I just can’t make them happen. I may hear few voices and suddenly they become fluent, fast, eloquent. And I write them down quickly"
175880725,"Managed about 3 years without meds. The new doc I got wanted to start me back on them, So it’s been about a year back on APs. I showed more of my symptoms without meds,"
175880726,I’ve lost over 20 kg in 7 months. That’s roughly like 40 pounds or something
175880727,I had erotomania about an ex fiancee I had a few years before my psychotic break.
175880728,Ask the pdoc what he/she thinks will work for you… everyone is different…
175880729,This is awesome _AT_MENTION_ ! So glad for you!
175880730,Good for you!!! How long have you been sober? I know a while ago you were trying to get off alcohol.
175880731,It is good to hear that you recovered
175880732,"I never experienced brain fog on APS, just benzos."
175880733,"en.m.wikipedia.org Internal monologue An internal monologue, also called self-talk, inner speech, inner discourse or internal discourse, is a person's inner voice which provides a running verbal monologue of thoughts while they are conscious. It is usually tied to a person's sense of self. It is particularly important in planning, problem solving, self-reflection, self-image, critical thinking, emotions, and subvocalization (reading in one's head). As a result, it is relevant to a number of mental disorders, such as depression, In so..."
175880734,Did you try Cogentin/Benztropine?
175880735,One of my friends took it for two weeks. She almost kill herself because she was so restless and need to walk down in the street all the time. I guess everyone react differently.
175880736,I found losing weight helped me to get a bit more motivation. To get a bit more of a life. It is sooooo hard to start off with but it gets easier and TOTALLY worth it.
175880737,"Ah, makes sense."
175880738,"Missing something. It was chopped off because I’m evil. The theory I believed in. I’m evil, evil, evil."
175880739,"If I won the lottery I could shack up in hotels and travel, get out of my monotonous life in my apartment. I think that would help my mental health."
175880740,"The false widow spider that lives in my home near my front door seems to have moved after about 6 months. I must say, I prefer knowing where she is."
175880741,Nahum and Habakkuk in the Old Testament.
175880742,Have a dentist ? appointment tomorrow. Can’t wait to get that over with.
174324746,What exactly is the whisper app?
174324751,Hope the appointment goes/went well _PERSON_!
175880743,They’ll make a hundred reasons for you to do something. But it helps me to make up a hundred reasons I shouldn’t. If I can’t do that I tune out.
175880744,Suh-weeeeeeet!!!!
175880745,Good luck _AT_MENTION_
175880746,"I love that quote, I have it in Latin on my bike, just to remind me everytime I go for a ride…illegitimi non carborundum"
175880747,"I thought you were on latuda with seroquel for sleep? Abilify really has no sleepiness at all. If you’re not on seroquel for sleep, why mix APs when you can just increase the latuda.?"
175880748,Research Digest – 30 Jul 20 How To Get The Most Out Of Virtual Learning By _NAME_. Virtual learning seems likely to be the norm for the near future. Here’s our digest of psychologically-informed tips to get the most out of it.
175880749,Awesome!! _PHONE_NO_
175880750,Welcome to the forum. If you need anything tag a mod by typing the @ then their name. Like this _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
175880751,"Hmm?. Depakote Seems Like A Placebo To Me. Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!."
175880752,How're you feeling?
175880753,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880754,"I would say no, too"
175880755,"I’m getting breakthrough anxiety unless I take 3 pills now. Before, 2 pills would work perfectly. Hopefully I don’t develop a tolerance to 3 pills soon… I drink a lot of tea which in turn does make my anxiety worse…"
175880756,Uh boy... I spent a few hours in mine in May. Won't tell you how much it was.
175880757,It related to self confidence Are you sure your talking with good enough content or not Be calm it is normal with alot of people
175880758,"I hope you don’t cause too much strain on the relationship with your wife, unless you don’t care that much about it which is fine. Either way I hope all goes well for you."
175880759,bump _PHONE_NO_
175880760,I’m probably going to listen to some music.
175880761,"Just finished season 5 of Peaky Blinders. The ending wasn't completely satisfying as the rest of the season finales. Still, it had its charm about it. However was in charge off sounds/music did a great job. It reminded me of The Shining."
174324750,Rexulti (Brexpiprazole) is similar to Abilify (Aripiprazole). My psychiatrist said they’re in the same family of chemicals and they have similar side effects so he won’t prescribe me Rexulti bcz I had dangerous side effects from Abilify (Many addiction issues and hypersexuality).
175880762,I want to be wealthy. There is nothing wrong with being wealthy.
175880763,"My counselor and my parents want me to separate from my husband because he is “verbally abusive”. They care about him and want to see him change. But if he doesn’t, they are worried about his “controlling” behaviors and their affect on me. He makes me feel like an idiot. The problem is I rely on him. He helps a lot around the house and with the kids. They say if he is gone, I will feel better and more free to step up. But what if I don’t? What if I get worse? He is my best friend. But now there is tension between him and everyone else. He didn’t let our kids go with their grandparents the other day. It was stressful."
175880764,"I'm getting in the habit of showering daily. It actually helps despite the times I don't feel like doing it, it still always makes me feel better when I actually do it. I haven't taken any klonopin in a week. I've had panic attacks but I'm doing my best to cope with them. I think the yoga last night helped quite a bit. That's another thing I need to start doing daily again. And sleeping helped too, sleeping like resets my brain. Learning to replace negative thoughts with positive ones."
175880765,I really do understand what your saying my grandad doesn’t understand very well sometimes and it’s hard I take benzo aswell may I ask what your taking and I do hope you feel better soon please talk to your doc about you struggles
175880766,Have you read “the book thief”?
174324753,Yes. I got put on risperdal and got akathisia abut 2 or 3 months later. It was horrible. You need to seek a professional opinion though. I was on cogentin for a while as they tapered me and switched my meds around. That helped.
175880767,I feel the same way ... I feel I have no one to talk to about my depression everyone is preoccupied with their own stuff to listen. If you need someone to talk to who is in a similar boat I’m here!
175880768,"Yeah true, you only have to take a shot once a month"
175880769,"What are inserted thoughts, sorry I dont understand that word too well. I’m a bit slow:("
175880770,Don’t you fear responsibility? Do you tolerate others? Do you hallucinate in work? Do you have problem in learning instructions and in following them or remembering them? I do
174324758,"Ive smoked a lot of pcp, thought I was in a coma. What if im really in a coma and people on the outside is trying to wake me up? Might be triggering The drug was better than hash. The person may develop a type of psychosis similar to that seen in schizophrenia I smoked a ton of hash for years, drank alchol and snorted adhd pills and took some sleeping pills from my mom, snorted cokc once."
175880771,"That means they're not very good and can't tell reality from psychosis. I thought that was what the whole training to be a mental health professional for treating schizophrenia was about. Or their minds are too open. My therapist dismissed schizophrenia (Because I was doubting it) within 5 minutes of talking to her because she's fascinated by autism. She doesn't even know me that well. Maybe you're like me and they look up to you cuz what you say is so ""interesting""? Idk.. It's quite dangerous for them to do this because once off the antipsychotic, the brain crystalizes even more to psychosis so the antipsychotic doesn't work anymore. It's very very dangerous."
175880772,"I am not always impulsive too, maybe 40% of the time impulsive."
175880773,"Maybe talk to the staff so you don’t feel lonely. I think they would understand. There’s always seems to be at least one or two nice nurses on a psyche ward. If they have a computer on the ward maybe you could zoom. Or if they let you keep your phone, maybe you could exchange videos or pictures with your husband."
175880774,Many people are poorly but didn’t have mental health issue
175880775,What’s wrong _AT_MENTION_? What’s going on?
174324762,"Perphenazine, haldol, Zyprexa, Seroquel, risperdal, latuda, abilify. Something like that."
175880776,God is real and has to talk to someone. Why can’t it be me?
175880777,Me neither. I was abused as an infant and throughout my life.
175880778,"Do you still feel the irritability even like an hour you get it? I do… I think it was 3-4 months ago I called the secretary and I was freaking out, can’t remember what it was about, then I fell into a daze and fell asleep. What is EUPD? _USER_ID_: I just googled it. And saw bpd"
175880779,"If I ever believed my neighbours were hiring a hitman to kill me, I’d definitely lose it lol, But I think it’s important to stand up to bullies, especially those who like to push around the ones that are mentally unwell. If you punch me, I’ll punch you back, hell, I dont even care if you didnt punch me, if I THINK you punched me, I’ll punch you back"
175880780,I get bugs and shadow people occasionally.
175880781,Wishing you the best. ((Hugs))
174324759,"Going to all groups Talking to other patients (not even shaking) Am now on ativan 1mg twice daily and 10 mg olanzapine twice daily. Im not as tired as i thought id be. I feel happy and calm. Like i know what to do to move forward, which i blame ocd type symptoms for making me stare at a wall all day. So thank you ativan. Idk, i really hope this feeling and thought space stays. May have just found the combo that works for me. Drugs: abilify 400 mg vyvanse 60 mg escitalopram 10 mg olanzapine 10 mg (x2) Ativan 1mg (x2)"
175880782,"I seem to obsess mostly on my dx. First it was sz. But they told me it’s mood disorder, I am still obsessed with researching. I don’t feel it fits at all."
175880783,Pizza...
175880784,"_AT_MENTION_ _PERSON_ monitors are like hooking you up for an ekg. You cant shower for the 24 hours you wear one, but at least you dont have to be in the hospital. I used to do HM capturing, reviews, and reporting. The most common irregularities are early or late beats. It shows if there is tachycardia or bradycardia, fast or slow beating. It shows most everything. I’m sorry… I just saw your question. Didn’t mean to leave you hanging…"
175880785,"That’s scary _AT_MENTION_ . Sorry you had to go through all that Last week when I was there, I tried walking out, they threatened involuntary commitment and seclusion.Luckily I stopped myself from pushing over the maid"
175880786,"Frankly,anyone who write about the whole sz condition or its symptoms,and does not give real,correct and accurate details of the pathogen identity,its existential and functional characteristics,and how it works and affect the whole main nature, in most cases,you will read many stories scenarios,all of which are not helpful in understanding the reality of sz condition or explaining the actual cause of its symptoms (whether in the mental level,chemical or behavioral )"
175880787,They say its only prescription: https://www.nice.org.uk/advice/esuom2/ifp/chapter/about-melatonin
175880788,Ok. I’m glad they’re different
175880789,"If you have to smoke, why not roll your cigarettes? It’s cheaper. Vaping is cheap too."
175880790,Most normies just don’t understand. I would let it go.
175880791,"Do you consider it dangerous to share your delusions Yes, absolutely. But sharing it partially have helped me to observe it more clearly, since I was putting it in front of me to see for myself. I only say what’s needed, and selective people only, pdoc, soc worker, etc. Even those people are dangerous. I wish there would be an easier way."
175880792,In the past I went on the south beach diet. I lost 40 lbs on it. The recipes were amazing. Then I started gaining weight due to meds. I’ve never had any success counting calories.
175880793,I want to be cremated. I don’t care what they do with the ashes. They can even throw them in the toilet. But I don’t want to take up space in some graveyard for decades.
175880794,Ok thanks _AT_MENTION_ I’m glad it helped you!
175880795,I heard when you start antidepressants your anxiety levels go up for the short term. You might start thinking for the worst while you get used to taking a new medication.
175880796,"But I feel like it matters because, won’t the details affect my diagnosis which I have still not received? *_USER_ID_: also I don’t believe I am obsessing per se. I’ve just noticed that he has stuck to this inaccurate detail after all this time."
175880797,"When you get thoughts you can reality test as illogical/irrational etc , but those thoughts still remain despite that."
175880798,"I have minor delusions, lasting a few days or weeks, and I have major delusions, lasting months or years"
175880799,"My main goal is to prevent my mind from deteriorating. I think about taking things that will help, playing sudoku, reading, focusing. But Idk about these adhd meds anymore and the artificial focus. I seem like a robot on the outside when I'm on a dose that allows me to hyperfocus. I see my doctor in 40 minutes. I'm not exactly sure what to say. Meh... I'm unstable in terms of going overboard with taking things. I thought about somehow making money from Google. Just the environment that I'm in seems like I should be relaxing instead. There's so much disorganization."
175880800,"I also live with my dad. Family has become more important for me since dropping ill. I think your psychiatrist is only trying to help, but frankly it isn’t his life but yours. You decide!"
175880801,"image2180×2587 2.33 MB So funny, This is her I think if she was a few years older than when I last saw her, and if she had got better and not died"
174324755,"Nice, we will have a Dr here. Well done!"
175880802,I take prescription Vit D 2000UI and Centrum multivitamin.
174324760,Lsd and trauma and then Wellbutrin contributed to my sz. Marijuana just simply did not. But I saw an article that said marijuanas more likely to cause sz than hallucinogens by a wide margin. So maybe I’m wrong. Or just everyone’s different. Or they’re wrong for saying correlation equals causation. Maybe all three.
175880803,"Maybe keep sending texts as you are, and consider asking if she will video chat with you? I don’t think the visit is wise, as she’s stated her preferences (with reasons) against that. Keep letting her know you miss her, care about her, and are always there for her, that you look forward to a time when you can meet up again in person when she feel safe to do so. But in a kind way without pressure <3 I think"
175880804,I usually get cortisone shots but with covid lockdown it isn’t considered essential
175880805,Blackmill - Miracle
175880806,Other one being Amisulpride
175880807,"Call a doctor. Right now. It could be normal, but if it is a new occurance, you need to be evaluated."
175880808,"_AT_MENTION_ not in the moment no, but I will probably look into that soon."
175880809,Fear of rain …
175880810,"I have shut down too. I get out of the bed to go do x, but then I have to use the restroom, get something to drink and have a smoke. By the time I do all that I’m ready to go lay back down again and I get nothing done. This can go on for days before I actually accomplish anything. But when I do actually get something done I feel so good about it. So I don’t understand what the problem is. Am I lazy? Is it the negatives? Is it depression? I don’t know, but I’m sick of it."
175880811,"I agree this doctor wouldn’t have a leg to stand on, but these things take months for them to sort out if they take it away The process is not fast at all, and that was pre-Covid-19"
175880812,Hi. HT
175880813,"I actually like journaling a lot, it's just I was agitated for months and eventually my pen went through the page and didn't stop scrambling all over. It did feel good to let it all out though."
175880814,Unimportant _PHONE_NO_
175880815,This place has helped me a lot throughout the years… I hope it helps you…
175880816,in my country (egypt) i cant sleep now what should i do i too feel tired need to sleep but cant sleep !!! what i do in this case ?
175880817,Have you been checked for sleep apnea?
175880818,"I just bought a blue tooth body fat scale that takes 12 different measurements. It is cheaper than I thought it would be. eBay Digital Electronic Backlit Body fat Bathroom Scale 180KG scales Weight... Weight capacity: 180kg. Smart Bluetooth 4.0 technology. Bone division: 0.1kg. Platform material: Tempered glass. Batteries included (2 x AAA)KEY FEATURES. Body fat/water/muscle division: 0.1%. Weight division: 100g. This should help take a more accurate reading of muscle, fat ratios. image 738×1600 199 KB"
175880819,"I know the struggle! I used to throw up everything after one hour. Thankfully, I was able to be stabilized. Physical symptoms/illnesses can make you depressed. I’m a living example. Please know that you are not alone, my friend. We’re here for you."
175880820,At my Mothers funeral I zoned out and had a hard time communicating with others. Heavy stress can make me cycle and psychotic.
175880821,It’s ok I kinda thought that was what you meant and it’s a good idea but drug interactions.....
175880822,Is it normal that I havent ever hallucinated and they suspect I have SZ?
175880823,I definitely have clearer thinking on Risperdal. I have thought disorder.
175880824,That is absolutely hilarious
175880825,I laughed yesterday when I saw my Zoloft has a side effect of impotence. Isolated from society and we’ll make you unable to reproduce just in case there is a freak occurrence of sex.
175880826,"We’re all aging. It’s ok. Older adults can still be attractive if they take care of themselves. I think gray hair is beautiful, and I don’t think wrinkles are always a bad thing. My mom is 74 and I think she’s very beautiful"
175880827,The Motley Fool – 26 Mar 20 Inovio Pharmaceuticals Reports Positive Trial Data for Cancer Vaccine | The... The results from its study of VGX-3100 are an encouraging signal that the biotech's coronavirus vaccine might work too.
175880828,"I don’t plan to live long. With the way things are currently I might be buying some rope to finish myself off. I am just waiting for the right trigger to come about as I firmly believe that a successful attempt needs to have a strong motive to do it properly. I found a very informative website to assist, but i won’t share it here as probably a bit inappropriate"
174324778,Do you even have Schizophrenia _AT_MENTION_ ? I seem to have a seen a post where you said you have never had positive symptoms .
175880829,"I suppose I should. I need to work on dealing with a world I once belonged. This may be triggering. For a time in my life I lived on a repurposed barracks with a tribe of drug addict punks and outcasts. Over a dozen of us living there, but it fluctuated, friends of friends, people too wasted to be allowed out into the real world. Drugs everywhere, everyday, anything you could imagine. The owner and I used to trip together, which turned into something special. I was democratically elected to lead our trips, I had special clothing, was given the most, and would preach. Filling drug fueled centers with my stories and lessons. My closest allies became the piggies, we ran the place, they handled day to day, but I was in charge of my ranting. I would bless people while feeding them LSD from my hand, we would perform rituals as we came up. When everyone was good and melting, I would hold my sermons, regaling the crowd with angels and light, morels and community. I was very sick, and not in a good place, b
ut I was their chosen, fueling delusion, reinforced by my tribe who considered me a leader. Any money we made went into more drugs for our increasing numbers. I remember having hundreds of hits on me at times. For a time it was all so special. I felt I had love, a sense of purpose, and was doing good by expanding these peoples minds. Calling it what it was, I was leading a cult. Least that what the feds who raided us said. After the raid we all disbanded. Few charges filed on a few piggies for possession, but nothing major. I walked scot free. I left New York shortly after, never to speak to any of them again. Gave it all up. I hope they’re all doing ok. I never meant harm on anyone. So that how I started a religion and had a flock. I need to work on detangling some of my more complex feelings."
174324777,"I think that’s the case for most of us. One of my earliest diagnoses was psychotic depression when I was in the hospital for the first time at 14, and instead of just taking the meds they gave me, I decided that I knew more than the psychiatrist and had OCD and _PERSON_’s syndrome. I sometimes wonder how my life would’ve turned out had I just taken the meds as prescribed. Don’t make that mistake because mine cost me half of my childhood, and looking back, I think that OCD/AS thing was the most insidious delusion I ever had."
175880830,"It’s all so surreal. Where do I go? Do I apply online? I don’t even know our bank account number! How do I prove I have no money or no income? My husband is getting money some where, because we are still in our apartment."
175880831,have you told your pdoc about this? sounds like you need an adjustment of meds.
175880832,"I dont find entertainment to be manipulating, only if there are odd coincidences that I deem as, coincidences. I.e An musicians releasing an album about love on Valentines Day. A horror movie coming out close to Halloween. Stuff like that. But then again, that’s just good marketing !"
175880833,The Offspring - Self Esteem
175880834,"Also, if you place headphones on and get immersed in some good music you can still enjoy you smoke as you are focussing upon something and just ride it out."
175880835,"Yea I thought jews were trying to kill me because I was Jesus. I tried killing my self to prove if I am Jesus but ended up in emergency with liver damage. Then they sent me to mental hospital, psy accused me of suicide attempt."
175880836,"why the self doubt? Yeah, seagulls, a pretty bird."
175880837,Jinx.......same post same time
175880838,I ain’t coming back.
175880839,I would lose all I’ve gained if I stopped my AP. no way I would ever go unmedicated.
175880840,"Please elaborate on your case. What do you use risperidone for exactly, voices, delusions? How severe can they get for you? How often do you take it to stay stable? What else do you take?"
175880841,"Hmm. _PERSON_ I Agree Witcha. . . Safety Is First On The Agenda List Of Preparation For A Clean & Bright Future. . . Keeps It Cleans & Bright’s!. Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!."
175880842,Do you also make art? I find it’s really helpful when drawing or painting.
175880843,Investing in an electric toothbrush is a good thing. Really makes it easier and your teeth feel cleaner.
175880844,I need to get new eye glasses too. They are quite expensive and so I may visit several shops to find out what prices are. Were your glasses expensive?
175880845,Anyway was it faked??
175880846,"many happy returns seriously though, good luck"
175880847,"Cool that it’s being liked, I wasn’t sure about how I did the leaves"
175880848,"That’s very weird because I know a lot of people who are pretty smart maybe not intelligent as you are but are very funny/capable/understanding/loving/kind and have _PERSON_ accomplishments There’s no need to threat me because you are insecure. I’m just trying to understand how an inteligent person can have so _PERSON_ problems with simple tasks who require a minimal inteligence to do. It could be the sz dx but I’ve also seem people with sz even on this forum who are struggling a lot but not with simple tasks I guess I’m puzzles, maybe I can ask you a few question"
175880849,I hope you get your sleep back on track. Maybe cut back on coffee if you’re drinking that?
175880850,Congratulations on the 9 months sobriety ! I’m 7 years sober and the urge to drink has left. I started AA in 2003 (i think ) but drank 7 years ago when I was psychotic. I remember I almost drank at the 1 year mark back in 2004. The urge was still there. Do you have any reading material from AA or NA that you could read?
175880851,"Sounds like you’re the future me, I am pushing him away. Thanks for the wisdom. How do you deal with the feelings of being alone now?. He’s downstairs drinking and I want to feel numb because depression is like maximized right now"
175880852,"Breaking up with my first girlfriend. I never found anyone better, and the relationships never lasted more than a year or two after that. I’m kind of naturally a loner, so it’s hard for me to live together with someone"
175880853,I like spending time with friends and family makes me feel better. I enjoy travelling. It always feels good to see new things. I cant wait for a usa trip oneday. I like surfing and playing guitar. I love a good bbq. And yea no nails was jj. Keeeeep it reaaaaal
175880854,Is it something you need? If it is then apply for it. The worst they can do is say no.
175880855,We don’t all need to be ambassadors of peace. Some folks need to take a stronger mindset. I believe love has an effect. I also believe there is a place for more assertive forms of protesting racism. Criticizing someone for hating racists is kind of missing the point that the person has been forced to put up with racism against themselves for ages and finally wants to say One negative thing about people who hate him for existing.
174324770,I have early-onset schizophrenia. This study is really informative!
175880856,Sorry to hear that. Hope everybody is alright.
175880857,"Oh yeah I meant older tvs, without cameras"
175880858,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175880859,"Who cares, just more crap to pile on the thousand problems I got already. Pretty soon God is going to say, “Hey, there’s no more room on his shoulders to bear any more sh*t, just leave him alone.”"
175880860,I have had this too since SZ but I still persist because sometimes stuff gets through.
175880861,Life is boring for most people. That’s reality.
175880862,"I didn’t know that. Will see what the doctor says on the 11th Sept. Not sure how impressed he’s going to be Have also cut procycldine at the same time, so could be that too"
175880863,"Well, you might wanna rea about other NMDA antagonists. There are several out there. Several I have tried. Pretty sure Des has, too. Some, like PCP, are clearly a no-go. But others do work for some people. What is monthly cost of ket anyway?"
175880864,As I’ve got older I’ve increasingly gone below normal mood than above it. To some extent I’ve also learnt not to voice things I’d have impulsively said in my younger years.
175880865,My voices I don’t label like that. I see them as neighbors or coming from a particular human in public or from the next room. I mostly have external voices.
175880866,Well my mom texted my sister and I in a group chat and my sister answered immediately. But I texted her 3 days ago and havent heard back. Whatever. This isn't the first time. She probably is busy tho. But its whatever. ND I guess my mom is going downstate again to see her. Hm.
174324774,"I’ve only shared my schizophrenia with a few non-family members – my manager at my old employer, and some girls I’ve chatted with on dating sites. They’ve all been cool with it and didn’t seem to have an odd reaction."
175880867,Wow! I love the colors! This is so different from your usual. What prompted it?
175880868,Virus scan it. I dont know what glitches is But.
175880869,How long where you on the psych ward?
174324775,"There are setbacks for me but it’s a good life. I spend more time on my relationships whereas in the past I was more focused on ambitions. I go to support group and made some great friends and work on therapy for things like grief in a day treatment program. I’m looking for a partner. I am on ssi but starting next month I’ll try to go back to part time work as a tutor. Sometimes I like to sit in a cafe or hike or borrow a movie from the library. I’m high functioning and don’t have anhedonia. I think a good way to start getting back on your feet is to do a little work or volunteering. That’s how I started, by getting a job."
175880870,"How do they know you are lying or not though? Anybody could say that. Even though you are telling the truth, they kind of need you to prove it to them."
175880871,God reality is so complicated
175880872,Hee hee !
175880873,"Stclare, I thought awhile about what you had to say. I certainly would not know this but I'm thinking perhaps your mother does not want you to quit your job because she wants you strong. She probably knows that you can become stronger in yourself by staying with a job even when you are not happy with said job. She probably understands that a job we may start out just really hating can become palatable once we get the swing of things. Your mom may see herself as trying to guide you onto a pathway that involves not quitting but hanging in there & not backing down. In other words, staking your claim at your place of work. Even in the face of hard to get along with co-workers. And in the process gaining their respect while you gain added on confidence in yourself. She probably also knows that plenty of people just hate their job which never becomes palatable for them. Yet, this does not mean these people must continue to settle for a job they have & hate. While continuing to work the job they hate, man
y of those same people look for a new job. Then they move on to the new position they landed. In this way they keep a paycheck coming in which sure keeps one from living in the streets. She wants you safe and secure. That, you can be sure, is her goal. Social anxiety & depression can be difficult to work with. I am guessing this is the part your mom may not understand about you & your experiences. She may even believe that you are trying to run away from regular life problems. Problems most of us face in life. If she has never seriously suffered these same difficulties then she is at a personal loss to be able to truly understand you. After all, how can we truly understand another if we have not all ready suffered the same grievances personally ourselves. For instance, _PERSON_, for the longest time in my life when I would hear someone say they were troubled with bad anxiety, I would think to myself, ""Just get over it all ready."" That quoted thought shows clearly how little I understood. Later on in my life 
I developed bad anxiety and was very surprised at its power over me. Your mom simply may not know anxiety & depression on a personal level which can make her unable to connect with you right now. If this is the case, then maybe it would be helpful to both you & your mom if you two meet together with a counselor. A counselor would be interested in the best outcome for you. A counselor may protect your concerns and teach to your mother a clearer understanding of where you are in life. A counselor would be like a mediator with a slant in your favor. No matter whether your mom agrees to this idea or not, you could still seek out a counselor to work with just you. And a counselor can be a friend and can be someone who understands. Also, a counselor can provide you with tools that may make things easier for you to deal with. I’m hoping what I’ve written here helps you along, hang in there Stclare. Best Wishes, _PERSON_"
175880874,Nothing gets tired with a mind my friend. Try not to overthink things. That is the key for my well doing. Try to calm down and maybe listen to the radio for something different. Radio is calming if you find a radio station you like. I sleep every night listening to some pretty strange shite but it’s so calming! Hang in there matey! Anxiety without pills is so much better for you!
175880875,I don’t know a single person with _PERSON_ except folks from here.
175880876,"Risperidone, when I first started on it. I was half asleep for weeks, but the fog slowly cleared. Happy it’s working for you!"
175880877,That’s true _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ . She should get to know me before going after me and the details of my life. It’s really frustrating. I’m thinking about looking for someone knew.
175880878,I had a pigeon chest and went into hospital to get it fixed when I was about 19. Whilst in the ICU i started having hardcore hallucinations from the medicines. It stayed in full blown psychosis for a few days and no one knew what the hell to do in the hospital as they werent prepared for it. It was definately the worst psychosis of my life. Im pretty sure I had a terrible reaction to the morphine or Pethadine and all the other meds. Have you ever slipt into psychosis from a hospital operation or the meds they give you?
175880879,Same but I miss playing my drums and guitar. I thought about buying a guitar but that's so far off right now.
175880880,"That’s ok, you needed the extra support."
175880881,"That actually makes sense to me based on my experience with Luminosity and other brain training games. I got pretty good at the games if I played them enough, but I didn’t really see an improvement in my overall cognition."
175880882,Went to Starbucks yesterday and they messed up my order so I got a free drink. Went to Starbucks again today because they had buy one get one free. They had messed up someone’s order in front of us so I got another free coffee. I’m only lucky apparently with getting free coffee.
175880883,they r sfhughjj
175880884,Amazing story.
175880885,So then appreciate every day they allow you to live there. Your probably paying nothing. I would of thrown you out of the house for your little bankcard scheme!
175880886,"Our school district has the kids doing work online now. They've been really good at providing resources for the kids-a lot of educational apps and kids stories being read on YouTube. We've made mornings for school work and afternoons for play. My kid (Kindergarten age) likes school mostly so our biggest challenge has been dealing with everyones attitude bc we are around each other so much and can't go to the park, etc. That and relying on her older sibling (19) to help with school stuff while I'm at work. I did purchase a small oval trampoline for inside so we have jumping time to work out our bad attitudes, ha."
175880887,"I went cold turkey off of sugar this weekend, but when I was eating candy I preferred the _NAME_’s."
175880888,Thanks _AT_MENTION_. Glad to hear you are feeling better.
175880889,This is amazing topic. We need more people to share their successful story which give us a lot of hope. Especially some of you used the word “happy” which means a lot to us.
175880890,You do a great job.
175880891,OCD- an additional factor?
175880892,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ My husband has been married twice before. He got cheated on both times. That’s why it bothers him
175880893,I guess it's safe to say I no longer fear sleeping. I spent like 6 months being afraid every night because I was sure I was gonna die. Now all I want to do is sleep lol Not depressed though
175880894,Hey I'm actually on the website looking at the forum instead of just TapaTalk. I tried changing my display pic but it's not showing for me still just showing the frog. SAD.
175880895,"No, I will tomorrow though"
175880896,Burning at the stake Blamed for everything that’s wrong It is all my fault
175880897,Inspired by JDNAs boby.....
175880898,nighty night and sweet dreams =)
175880899,"I really don’t know how to comment to yours. I’m into coloring, and a woman on Facebook asked me if I had ever graduated kindergarten. ha. I didn’t reply to her. I like to post my art. My mom is very conservative dresser, always has been. I asked my daughter when she started school how she wanted to dress, and she said jeans and a T-shirt. Except maybe picture day. So, I wouldn’t stress too much about your mom, but it does seem unusual to me."
175880900,"I make my coffee at home. I buy some nice creamer, they come in all different flavors, and they are delicious!"
175880901,"Toys, a scrapbook/journal set, and gaming headphones. (All Christmas presents)"
175880902,In the past when I’ve not been doing well and I’ve needed time off I’ve had the doctors take me off with a note. Can you speak to your doctor. I don’t know your laws there. I used to get temporary disability payments to cover the period of time I couldn’t work up to a year and after a year SSDI would kick in.
175880903,This is so sad. reading about other peoples hard times just makes me cry. I'd rather just suppress everything .
174324771,I’m having a really hard time accepting that I have schizophrenia. I’m still in denial.
175880904,"I haven’t lost weight since the 21st. I hope it starts coming off again. I’m getting impatient. I’m doing high intensity interval training 5 days a week, weights 3 times a week, and I’m eating 1200 calories per day. I measure every morsel of food that goes in my mouth. I even track the calories from my supplements."
175880905,"????, I’m gaining my weight back. I think I’ve gained close to 5 more pounds!"
175880906,Congratulations
174324784,I had paranoia sz then sza. Abilify wasn’t for me. But it seems like it’s helping you hugs .
175880907,You will make it.
175880908,"Hmm. The Promise. The Internal/External Objective Reasons For Honest Respect. The Woman With The Heart Of Stone. She Shall Find Her Personal, Peaceful Justice, Within The Kiss Of Equality. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic) P.s. The Strange Snake Hides Among The Blades Of Grass, Waiting For A Witness, Of Truth."
175880909,"Well, nobody reads your mind and there’s a lot of people with your same beliefs."
