175994888,one piece of Dove Dark Chocolate that i found in my drawer.
175994889,"Had something similar happen to me. One of my top feel-good stories. An extremely unattractive, bespectacled supah-smarmy, hyper PC brown-nosing Caucasian male, T, with a short blond afro (he was pret-ty ugleh) and his loud female sidekick, _PERSON_, tried to take over my job and make me their secretary. It was surreal. Against all odds, somehow, they were so inept that, despite pulling every filthy trick in the book, they failed. I moved on to another job. Even then, T was denied my position =D One day, I got a call at home from my friend, _PERSON_, the only Black guy in the office at my old job, and --> the only person I've ever known who had my back 100% of the time, many times , even when doing so greatly inconvenienced him. _PERSON_ was practically jumping up and down with glee (no ""pretending to care"" here), because, apparently, _PERSON_ had blown out all his internal organs by chugging antifreeze. _PERSON_ told me that _PERSON_ came into the office, crying, telling everyone, and looking di
rectly at _PERSON_, who, without even feigning sadness, just looked right. back. at. her. _PERSON_ said _PERSON_ kept looking at him, waiting for him to look sad. Remembering that always makes me smile. T was such a PC brown-noser. There's something between inserting your nose between superiors' glutæi and blowing out your guts chugging antifreeze. A lot of creatures out there fail to realize this. Having a friend like _PERSON_ is a life-changing experience. He helps me to put all the other little turds into perspective. -:- -:- -:- Anyway, _PERSON_, some times you'll be around outstanding, life-changing people, and sometimes you'll be surrounded by the deeply personality-disordered. Seriously, is the money really worth all the stress?"
175994890,A baked potato w/ plain Greek yogurt (in place of sour cream)
174395008,Welcome to roll call
175994891,"I really really hope that everything will be fine, thank you!"
175994892,I want chocolate. Might get some at the store tomorrow.
175994893,"The undead pool by _NAME_, book 12"
175994894,Ugh after fixing the bfs toilet this weekend now mine is acting up...I think it’s the flapper. I’m becoming a near pro at this. Unfortunately the building water is off until 2pm so I need to wait to fix it. I can’t even make my sloppy joes until I can wash my hands in more than a bucket. Unfortunately we don’t have individual water shut offs per unit so everything affects everyone...and it take two hours to turn the water off because it needs to drain from every pipe in the building.
175994895,For me I had to learn to sleep with a light on to stop a lot of symptoms early on.....something fairly bright. I’m not sure what the lack of sun does but it clearly does something..... This is similar to something called sundowning in older people.
175994896,Have some I say!
175994897,"I don't think I had enough calories (500 calories) for my evening dosage of Geodon. When this happens it makes whirring noises in my head, like my hearing is going in and out. So this woul d basically be like withdrawal from Geodon. Anyone else get this? The only problem w/ Geodon I think, for me, is the short half life."
175994898,I can’t focus on work. I’m just thinking about everything else. School especially. Exam is on Sunday. Psychiatrist on Tuesday. I feel obsessive. A broken record. I wish I could disappear. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175994899,"You need to eat. Itll help with your mood. I love to eat after a good cry. Try to find your favorite food or snack you can keep nearby. I promise it'll make you feel better. My therapist tells me, ""It's not you it's them."" Your family sounds like they have their own issues. It's not uncommon for people to take their emotions out on those around them. Please, don't drown in your moms negativity. It sounds like she's being verbally abusive. I'm sorry you're going through that. Maybe go at it from a different angle. Maybe buy her a candle. She may say something horrible but she may also realize that you're a person and she needs to chill the fuck out. You've got to be strong. For you. You've got to love yourself. I'm slowly learning how to do that myself. Take care."
175994900,Half an avocado and half a hummus sandwich
175994901,Hey everyone. Let's talk!
175994902,I threw up then went to sleep
175994903,"_AT_MENTION_ 12, I really hope you feel better. I am doing all the breathing exercises I can and I am still not out of the woods."
175994904,"Eating shortbread cookies and drinking Dr Pepper. Ah, this is the life."
175994905,"Sweater, photo frame , 2 pretty glasses"
175994906,"I had to half my SSRI because my doc is worried it’s helping my mood go up. I’m on it for anxiety. Mood goes down lowering SSRI, but anxiety goes up. I feel no win."
175994907,I will try these too. Thanks _PERSON_
175994908,"Yeah I think it would be best for me to just stick to herbal teas and water for now on, except maybe having just 1 coffee on a special occasion"
175994909,"Thanks _PERSON_, keep doing your drawing and try crochet. They’re more fun that I thought they would! I tried them for the first time today and these results were really bad but I enjoyed the process I’mma share this so you can laugh together with me ?"
175994910,I'm moving next week
175994911,"_PERSON_, maybe get some gatorade or powerade if you can. Water is good but the electrolytes will help a lot.."
174394972,"Gang Stalking: Real-Life Harassment or Textbook Paranoia? | Psychology Today What Is Gang Stalking? Reports of “gang stalking"" (a.k.a. ""gang-stalking"" or ""gangstalking"") began emerging at least 15 years ago by self-described “targeted individuals” (“T.I.s”) claiming to be followed, surveilled, harassed, and otherwise victimized by unknown forces wielding high-tech weapons of “mind control.” Since then, much more has been written about this phenomenon, especially over the past few years, with national attention devoted to a few notable cases of violence and mass shootings perpetrated by people identifying as T.I.s.1 These journalistic accounts—in the mainstream press, as well as in self-publication sites like Medium.com and two Vice documentary features (for a chronological bibliography, see the references section at the end of this blogpost)—offer intimate, sympathetic, and compelling portraits of those who identify as victims of gang stalking. By way of summary, T.I.s typica
lly describe living in a state of constant fear, seeing evidence of being followed by unmarked police cars in every black SUV that drives by, of being zapped by “extremely low-frequency” (ELF) radiation or “Voice to Skull” (V2K) technology in every tingling sensation or bodily ache, and of malevolent intentions in other people’s every gesture. Interviews often note that T.I.s don’t appear “unusual,” “disheveled,” or otherwise “crazy” and that some of them are doctors, acclaimed novelists, and other reasonably well-functioning professionals. Indeed, the T.I. community is comprised of thousands of diverse individuals, coming from all walks of life, with similarly diverse accounts of who might be harassing them and why. For example, the “who” is variably attributed to neighbors, ex-boyfriends, employers, police and other law enforcement agencies, “the financial elite,” or less conventional sources, like Freemasons and space aliens. The “why” is often attributed to retaliation 
for ending relationships, acting as whistleblowers at work, political activism, having run-ins with the law, or being privy to secret information. Seemingly motiveless harassment is chalked up to being hapless victims of experimentation by government agencies testing new techniques of surveillance or mind control. If there’s a common thread to the accounts of gang stalking, it’s that T.I.s describe considerable suffering not only as a result of ongoing concerns about being harassed, but also from the experience of physical symptoms, like pain and “hearing voices,” and the significant social _USER_ID_ associated with sharing their claims with family, friends, or mental health professionals who routinely dismiss them as “crazy.” As a result, T.I.s have found solace on the internet, where they share ""war stories"" and survival strategies with like-minded individuals who have similarly found themselves at the center of a vast conspiracy theory. _NAME_/Pixabay Source: _NAME_ The Subjective Reality of 
Paranoia Of course, stalking by a single individual is a dangerous reality for some—especially women fleeing abusive relationships and other targets of erotomania. And bullying by a group of individuals (a.k.a. “mobbing”) is increasingly recognized as a school and workplace hazard. In an episode called ""Trust Fall,"" the NPR Invisibilia podcast recently highlighted a seemingly improbable case of internet harassment that turned out to be real after all. A recent New York Times article detailed another real-life case of ""cyberstalking"" and in-person surveillance by employees at eBay. And yes, a few real events in history, such as the CIA’s MK-Ultra “mind control” program and the FBI’s COINTELPRO surveillance program of the 1950s, have occurred, just as the modern-day mass manipulation of human behavior through social media is a reality in which we all now live. But if you aren’t personally experiencing gang stalking, it’s hard for an outsider, much less a psychiatrist, to accept it as anyth
ing other than a textbook example of paranoia. Indeed, that’s been the conclusion of the few mental health researchers that have examined gang stalking to date. In 2006, Dr. _NAME_ Bell and colleagues published an analysis of 10 online accounts of “mind control experiences” consistent with gang stalking (though they didn’t mention that word explicitly).2 When assessed by three independent psychiatrists, all of the accounts were classified as consistent with the evidence of a psychotic disorder. In 2015, Drs. _NAME_ and _NAME_ conducted an analysis of 128 responses to a survey about stalking that similarly concluded that 100 percent of cases involving gang stalking by multiple coordinated individuals reflected paranoid delusions (in contrast, only 4 percent of those reporting stalking by a single individual were deemed to be delusional).3 In both of these studies, gang stalking claims were attributed to paranoia because they defied credulity, often due to the sheer amount of resources or level of coord
inated organization that would be necessary to carry out what was claimed. As a psychiatrist, it’s nearly impossible to disagree with those conclusions. Delusions are defined in psychiatry as “fixed, false beliefs,” with paranoia representing a classic version in which one believes they’re being followed, harassed, or otherwise persecuted. Vigilance—keeping an eye out for and being generally wary of potential threats—is normal and can transform into exaggerated hypervigilance under various conditions, such as having been an actual victim of violence. At the extreme, full-blown paranoia of delusional intensity can be understood as that same evolutionary warning system gone completely awry, to the point of seeing the evidence and believing that such threats are almost everywhere. And despite stigmatizing stereotypes about psychotic disorders like schizophrenia, those whose paranoia is part of “delusional disorder”—where “non-bizarre” or plausible delusions are the only symptoms—don’t t
ypically appear “bizarre or odd” and have functioning that’s relatively intact, according to traditional diagnostic criteria in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). (For an excellent portrayal of what it’s like to be married to someone with delusional disorder, listen to this episode of This American Life called “You Can’t Handle The Truth.”) This helps to explain why, aside from their idiosyncratic beliefs, many T.I.s don’t appear obviously psychotic—there is no such thing! But digging deeper tells a different story. Many T.I.s report concerns not only about gang stalking but other common symptoms of mental illness, such as auditory hallucinations or voice-hearing and even less plausible beliefs, such as having “implants” inside their bodies that can control their thoughts or that people have been replaced by aliens. But even those with “pure” paranoia appear to display textbook examples of delusional thinking. Throughout my career, I’ve worked with hun
dreds if not thousands of people with paranoid delusions, including but not limited to those who have claimed to be victims of gang stalking. In such cases, claims of persecution defy credulity on several grounds. First, there’s the unbelievably vast extent of what’s claimed… fleets of black SUVs with tinted windows, persecutors in disguise on every street corner, and futuristic secret technology being deployed from God knows where. Second, there’s a lack of any obvious or credible motive for the persecution… why would the CIA be devoting considerable resources to keep an “average _NAME_” under constant surveillance for years on end (note that paranoia and grandiosity—an exaggerated sense of self-importance—often go hand-in-hand)? Third, the persecutory experiences continue regardless of attempts to escape or relocate, including when hospitalized in the inpatient psychiatry ward, and are contradicted by acquaintances or family and friends living in close proximity. And so, by process of elim
ination as well as recognition as a textbook case, paranoid delusions often offer the best explanation for most gang stalking claims. Of course, it’s the rule rather than the exception that people with delusional disorder avoid being labeled as mentally ill and spurn referrals to psychiatry. But one more thing that can help to clarify that persecutory concerns are delusional is that paranoia often resolves when its underlying causes are actually treated, whether by participating in psychotherapy that challenges cognitive distortions in the face of evidence, taking medications for psychotic disorders like schizophrenia, or stopping the use of illicit drugs well-known to cause paranoia, like methamphetamines, cocaine, and sometimes marijuana or alcohol (many benefit from a combination of these interventions). Once treated, people sometimes develop insight that the experience wasn’t real after all and is best explained by paranoia. But just as often, a delusional belief may not be fully relinquished as an ex
planation for past events, so much as someone is simply relieved and thankful that for whatever reason, the persecution has stopped. Beliefs, whether those of T.I.s or psychiatrists, are ultimately probability judgments where the distinction between a delusion and a normal belief is the difference between what could be true and what's likely to be true and the associated level of conviction for that judgment. By definition, people with delusions hold beliefs with unwarranted levels of conviction, with the main “evidence” for the belief lying almost exclusively within the subjective experience. They often reason that “I can’t be crazy because it seems so real” (if they didn’t, they wouldn’t be delusional—in other words, if you believe you’re paranoid, you’re not!). By way of contrast, clinicians assessing delusions must be open to and investigate the potential reality of seemingly unfounded beliefs (recall that in Dr. _NAME_’s study, 96 percent of individual stalking claims were judged to 
be real), making probabilistic judgments based on objective evidence. By most accounts, gang stalking doesn’t hold up to such objective analysis for anyone other than those experiencing it. That’s the confounding reality of delusions—they’re ultimately grounded in subjective experience, whereas the truth is objective. Serving in the privileged position of authority as an arbiter of what’s credible or not—of the truth—requires that one be open-minded about what’s possible in the universe, aware of the breadth of culturally sanctioned beliefs, and humble about the limits of human knowledge. And so, rather than succumbing to the binary bias, perhaps we should consider whether gang stalking might not be quite so black and white after all. Maybe it’s not as simple as a question of paranoia or not. In Part 2 of this series, ""Gang Stalking: Conspiracy, Delusion, and Shared Belief,"" I’ll examine a third possibility, revisiting the intersection of conspiracy theories and shared delusions in the d
igital age. References Media coverage of gangstalking in the popular press and online (in chronological order): _PERSON_ New on the Internet: a community of people who believe the government is beaming voices into their minds. The Washington Post; January 14, 2007. https://www.washingtonpost.com/archi...-2a3ebc56df9d/ _PERSON_. Sharing their demons on the web. The New York Times; November 12, 2008. Health Professionals Fear Web Sites That Support Theories on Mind Control - The New York Times McPhate M. United States of paranoia: They see gangs of stalkers. The New York Times, June 10, 2016. United States of Paranoia: They See Gangs of Stalkers - The New York Times The New York Times. The Baton Rouge gunman and ‘targeted individuals.’ The New York Times, July 19, 2016. The Baton Rouge Gunman and ‘Targeted Individuals’ - The New York Times _PERSON_ The nightmarish online world of ‘gangstalking.’ Vice; July 22, 2016 https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/a...-gang-stalking _PERSON_. Paranoid delusions in 
the police state. The Outline; February 2, 2017. https://theoutline.com/post/995/targ...=1&zi=dq4fqvtl Vice. Meet the targeted individual community. YouTube; May 24, 2017. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62s3FinAoC0 Vice. The nightmare world of gangstalking. YouTube; November 7, 2017. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LPS7E-0tuA _PERSON_. Mind games: The tortured lives of ‘targeted individuals.’ Wired; March 4, 2018. https://www.wired.com/story/mind-gam...d-individuals/ _PERSON_. My father says he’s a ‘targeted individual.’ Maybe we all are. Wired; October 25, 2018. https://www.wired.com/story/my-fathe...be-we-all-are/ Crocket J. Gangstalking and the search of sense in chaos. Medium; January 15, 2019. https://medium.com/_AT_MENTION_/gangst...s-d27430f71d75 _PERSON_. Gangstalking: a new type of internet conspiracy cult. Medium; July 18, 2019. https://medium.com/bigger-picture/ga...t-ab0a4fc7b85c Tait A. “Am I going crazy or am I being stalked?” Inside the disturbing online world of gangstalking. M
IT Technology Review; August 7, 2020. https://www.technologyreview.com/202...-online-world/ Academic journal articles and research studies referenced above: 1. _PERSON_ Mass murder, targeted individuals, and gang-stalking: Exploring the connection. Violence and Gender 2018; 5:45-54."
175994912,I’m choking on nutella. First time trying _PERSON_. It’s so good!!!
175994913,"The sweet spot, workout wise is, is to do about 40 minutes worth. Anything higher and your muscles will start producing acid and that's bad for them."
175994914,"Yeah it's been great. I've taken Lithium before and ended up in the ICU for a week with kidney failure from severe toxicity. Will never go near the stuff again, I had an incompetent doctor back then. Depakote worked well but I gained weight on it, and that's the reason I switched to Trileptal. I've been on it for years now"
175994915,"Morning Up early. Couldnt sleep. Got 5 hours of sleep. Been a bit obsessed with pokemon. But also altering between haldol and geodon. And haldol now, since I have no more geodon. Probably why I couldnt sleep. I took my morning meds and I felt like I was gonna throw up just now. I think the zoloft and maybe those vitamins...well..maybe the vitamins by themselves aren't supposed to be taken on an empty stomach. Which Is how I take them every day. But oh well."
175994916,HAve you been sleeping ??
175994917,"In this age of political correctness one has a chance of pulling it off. Although something like this might be easier, for me at least"
175994918,"Weary, I hope the appointment goes well today for you & your husband. I know they say it's good we keep our minds busy to help keep anxiety at bay as much as possible. As an outsider looking in, you have had far too many things happen the past 12 months. Yes, you have pushed through somehow, but we have limits too. With this recent layoff at work, it may be a good thing for you for a bit. Have you considered this layoff could be a sign that you need some time for you to heal some & get on some better grounding? Perhaps you can draw unemployment for a bit, just to give yourself a bit of a break. I ended up quitting my job when I lost my dad, it helped me a lot. I was his caretaker & working at the same time. I loved my job, it was stressful & demanding, however, after my dad passed I went right back to work a week later. Taking a couple of months off let me begin the grieving process that I needed. A couple that we did a lot things together with went through the same thing as you & your family. Ther
e really are no words to describe what they & you are dealing with. All I can say is my heart goes out to all of you. Sending many thoughts & prayers to you."
175994919,"I feel manic or something. Feeling great. This always happens before I go to sleep. So I'll sleep.. I won't feel like this tomorrow morning, afternoon or evening.. But the night makes everything great.. Idk why.. So good night!"
175994920,Busy today! Got my stuff ready for taxes. Finished my assignment. Submitted my assignment. Registered for my exam. And registered for two new courses starting May. Now I just have to wait for my marks to come back and spend the next month studying. Eeek.
175994921,"Oh, sorry, wasn't very clear. I meant that I found a difference between generic and brand name with both Adderall and Provigil."
175994922,Burgers sound good. My dentist said I could eat burgers just not things like steak right now. Ever since he said that I've been thinking about burger king
175994923,Pic I took from Rage 2. It’s an Xbox game.
175994924,"I could try that, yes. I seem to get more accomplished either in the middle of the night, or when fiance is here. Idk why. Something about being alone, too, sucks for me. I should talk to my therapist about this. Being alone is just very depressing for me, considering my past."
175994925,I feel very exhausted from life. Gonna get a haircut soon. I haven't cut my hair since before quarantine.
175994926,"I talked to my boss and the case manager I was shadowing today. They said that lady can come off very rude and mean, and that that's her personality, but shes supposedly very nice. Like I genuinely just wanna ask her nicely why does she do that/say those things to people. I'm not going to be rude or mean or anything at all. I just genuinely wanna know why she does what she does. Sometimes curiosity from other people makes people kinda change. But apparently, from my boss and this case manager, she knows that people are aware that she does that stuff."
175994927,"That's why I refuse to ask anyone for money or let someone offer me some money because they then can say ""you'd never made it without me"" and rub it in your face and the way you've talked about your mother she's the type that would say that. Being on disability is there way you can get financial help from programs like _PERSON_?"
175994928,It definitely helps get rid of morning brain fog for me
175994929,Hmmm haven’t tried one yet....are they out now?
175994930,"Thanks _PERSON_ and _NAME_, _NAME_, I am wearing them because I listen to music on computer and I do play games sometimes. Those give very good quality sound. Also when walking I listen to music, with similar type of headphones. I was thinking that may be the reason. Or maybe I need to rest my ears for a while and not listen to loud things :O"
175994931,I need to do some homework tonight. Just wanted to check in re: that.
175994932,My mom is coming over!!!
175994933,Was feeling super depressed...two rounds of Stardew fixed it...omg
175994934,How are you feeling now?
174395081,Latuda can have horrid akathesia. Abilify or Rexulti better.
175994935,"Be careful, green."
175994936,Hope you feel better and your appointment goes well _PERSON_
175994937,"I can’t see this being a place to settle in, the house itself isn’t practical for my young kids the layout is causing me stress and the neighbour has kept me awake every night since we moved in, I’ve tried talking to him and contacted real estate with no success and as a result my toddler is now living with his dad. My question is should I call the old landlords or accept it and move on, I’ll probably have to move in with my kids dad for a while."
175994938,Hi Everybody. I had a good T session on Saturday. She is seeing me and one other person in person. Everyone else she is doing over the phone. She said I am responsible. Plus I just got my Covid test and it was negative. We always start out by talking about the SH. On Saturday it was 350 days no SH so T was very happy. T asked me how it went with Pdoc. I told her what I had told Pdoc about the demon bothering me. And how Pdoc wants to put me on Latuda but the insurance doesn't want to cover it. We talked about the demon hallucination for a while but when we talked about it we just said the demon because that is what it felt like. When I said the demon put his hand on my throat a lot T wanted to know what I had said that I shouldn't have said. So we talked about how I had to take some unpopular stands at work recently. And then I get really worried that people are mad at me. Mainly one coworker in particular. So we talked about that fear which is a terror for me. Because when Mom got mad at me as a ch
ild it wasn't safe. T made me feel less crazy. Because we could see a precipitating event. And so it wasn't like these crazy hallucinations came out of nowhere. She said Pdoc is scared though. I scared him because of the demon. I don't know if I really need another anti-psychotic but we'll see if the insurance is even going to pay for it. T said I was getting more clear. This made me happy!
175994939,"CBD in the us is 50 state legal, I recommend going with a good site over smoke shop products, here’s some I use, as a word of caution most cbd products contain trace amounts of thc <.3% legally, so if you go ham on this stuff it could show up on a drug test. https://cannacomforts.com/ CBD Living CBD Water | CBD Gummies & CBD Topicals | CBD Hemp Oil - CBD Living CBD Living offers an array of THC-free premium CBD products. We offer everything from Award Winning CBD water to CBD Edibles, CBD Topicals, CBD Oil, and CBD for Pets! Black Tie Group Hemp Flower Dispensary - Premium CBD & CBG Hemp Flower - Black Tie CBD Black Tie CBD offers premium high-resin hemp flowers & award-winning CBD & CBG products. The best place to purchase legal, high-quality, hemp-based products online. Empire Wellness Empire Wellness Empire Wellness"
175994940,Awesome hope you like it
175994941,"I technically have an extension on my paper. I don't know if I should use it or not though. And also I can take the exam later. That is because I have an exam Saturday. Anyway, I should be doing work, but all this stuff is piling up with my mental health and I feel like I need to deal with that first."
175994942,When I was in high school I could read a lot. I had a summer job at a library for three months and read all the _NAME_ books while working. I read the last book in a day. If I’m in a mood I can read a lot still. I was trying to read before I go to bed but I would read like 20 pages and start to get sleepy. Fell out of habit again.
175994943,Thanks @ Blue_Bird. Just not feeling hopeful right now. Having sui thoughts. No motivation either. Just trying to get through the day. Moment by moment.
175994944,I'm afraid that I have leaky heart valves now from high blood pressure of tapering phenibut too low today with two coffees. I was lying down for 4 hours unmotivated after work. I always feel soooo good right before I have to go to sleep - That's why I need the zopiclone and olanzepine. It's like I get hypomanic or something. It's when the Vyvanse wears off too. But this has been happening for 3-4 years since my big trip.
175994945,Thank you for understanding. I knew someone would
175994946,Oh this is interesting. I should try sometime
175994947,Q: What do you call a fly with no wings? A: A walk.
175994948,Maybe go to the library. That is somewhere that is usually nice and quiet. _PERSON_
175994949,"Hi _PERSON_, welcome to Roll Call"
175994950,My EMDR therapist didn't have much experience as an EMDR therapist at the time back in 2008-09. But I still thought she was good.
175994951,Seasoned black beans and some cranberry juice
175994952,"It’s important to just continually practice. Write anything. Short story, poem, journal entry, maybe even a quote or few. Anything to get it going again."
175994953,"My grandparents just left for the weekend, I'm anxious as hell for some reason."
175994954,"The meds I take are all free with my insurance (medicaid) except for Metformin, I just have to pay 55 cents for that lol"
175994955,"_AT_MENTION_ - you could change your mom's name in your phone to ""count to 10"" instead of ""mom."" Just so you have time to stop and think if you really want to call her, or maybe choose to call someone else, journal, go for a walk, take a shower, etc. Good luck with the job. A job is the very best time-filler ?"
175994956,Just got a text from my friend saying she is looking forward to seeing me tonight. I was hoping it was a cancellation text. I don't feel like socializing. =( I guess it will be okay though. I'll probably have a good (enough) time when I am there. I just get awkward in social situations....
175994957,"I have a son that has paranoid schziophrenia. He was diagnosed 4 yrs ago. For anyone who has this or anyone who is here for support of a loved one with this, please help me help him. We have all been through hell and back and hell again from this. He recently just got back on his shot so it will take awhile for him to even out. I just need advice. I have done my research and continue daily to read everything i can so i can understand this better. If anything in this post offends anyone, or i am just not stating things correctly or in the correct terms, forgive me. I trully feel alone in this and i can't even imagine how he feels. Thank you."
175994958,"Unlike ""cured meat"" and incestuous union""."
175994959,"Also I didn’t quit school. Stuck with it and now am happy I did. I would have no meaning if I didn’t have school at least. Now, for my job... Also happy birthday to Desoxyn!"
175994960,"I don't have the energy for friendships IRL. It takes giving and I just can't bring myself to be that free with my energy. I make a terrible friend, and, as such, I wouldn't put another human being through trying to be friends with me."
175994961,Prozac Nation by _NAME_ Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175994962,You’re always there to listen. Sometimes support goes with just listening. I don’t always have the best advice but feeling validated goes a long way.
175994963,Great job WRAS! You have worked hard with this advocacy for your son and it is starting to pay off! Incredible news! S.C.
175994964,theHTreturns... said... _NAME_ ? buddy. _PERSON_ helps. Breathe relax. Stop googling!!! HT That is what I am thinking but what can explain the warm sensation in my leg? Anyway my leg this morning feels a lot better and the warm/burning sensation is down to a minimal But I still wonder though....
175994965,Have u ever considered residential treatment ? I lived in one for almost 5 years . That is where I met my therapist
175994966,"I am sleepy almost daily. I am trying to sleep during my break time. I feel blessed to have breaks during the day. However, it is hard to stay awake!"
175994967,"I was going to say we don’t have Safeway, but there’s one downtown.....it’s possible the jewel in the Albertsons chain might be similar though. Do you have to order it from the bakery or do they regularly stock it? I was amazed though that bakers square doesn’t even carry banana cream anymore and they are known for pies."
175994968,I keep having irrational fears of being attacked. I don't know if it is just the GAD acting up or some kind of paranoia. _PERSON_
175994969,"I'm trying to get myself adjusted to waking up earlier since I have to be up early to get to my group on Fridays. I'm aiming to get up at 5am because I don't like rushing, I like having plenty of time in the morning before I start doing things. And my rides will be here around 10am every week so I have to be ready. Today I woke up at 7:30 which is good for me. I'll slowly wake up earlier and earlier over the next week."
175994970,"Thanks SP, I think once I'm finally moved out and settled in the new place I'll have a lot less stress"
175994971,"I’m like up in the middle of the night having weird tiny episodes or whatever. Where I’m slightly feeling out of it and kinda just episodic with my psychosis. Nothing horrible or severe just minor stuff, I think from Zoloft withdrawals idk."
175994972,I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you by asking
175994973,Went to the food pantry
175994974,She's beautiful!!
175994975,I’m sorry I know how you feel I feel confused as well.
175994976,Buying Story of Seasons: Pioneers of _NAME_ Town when it comes out later this month for switch. Love the SoS games.
175994977,I do too
175994978,Leggings from LuLaRoe
175994979,I'm not sick. But I'm not sure I can stay safe with this possession and I'm scared I'll be controlled into doing something bad. Maybe I'll check in to keep myself and others safe idk...
175994980,"I was wondering if you were dependent on her for some reason, like finances. That was pretty much my situation with my wife. As a bipolar, I couldn’t hold a job, so I was going to be low on money on my own, and she had a good job. Plus I had just had a nervous breakdown and was recovering from that, then was able to get another job and when I got back on my feet, but realized I might need her for any future downfalls. That was the circumstances we got married in. Then I got talked into having a child with her by a relative and that made the situation worse, especially when I realized she was cheating on me. And I wouldn’t have been able to make it financially without her. Plus, I have a dependent personality. So, I know of which you speak, staying in a horrible marriage. She died of a long illness 10 years ago, then my grown son started coming after me and took her place of attacking me, and I severed ties with him about 3 years ago. But I did have a change when I read a column on being positiv
e when going into a problem that you can solve it, and it did really help. That’s why I was trying to pass that along to you. The positive is what this website advocates, also, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT),as seen in this website’s resources section, located at the top of the list of people who have posted on this bipolar thread. It’s believing you can overcome an issue. Not just small parts like exercising, but an overall belief from the start, that you can overcome an issue. That is very important when approaching a problem. I think what’s key is, can you hold a job so that you can pay your rent and food bills? If you can finance yourself, you stand a better chance to get away. But you’re saying, you can’t really get away to apply for a job, for you have to account for every second as to where you are. Can you locate a job on the net somehow, get away for an hour or two to apply for it? If you got the job, would you be able to quit your present job, leave your marriage, and start working t
he job? Do you have parents who could support you for a while during that time, to pay for the divorce and first month’s rent and such? Do you have any savings? Can you just leave the house, and for a month have the finances to get an apartment, and start looking for a job? Can you get a lower job until you can find a better one? Can you live with someone for a few weeks, save some money from a lower job, then move into your own place after 2 or 3 weeks? Can you stockpile information such as, cheap apartments, job openings, etc., so at some point you can just make a phone call based on the data you have? You did say in your first post: “My wife, by her own admission, has ""a temper so violent that she can easily kill someone in her rage."" So your life is actually in danger here. This is not a fanciful situation. A borderline personality syndrome person, which in my amateur opinion I think she may very well be, is capable, as she has said herself, along with her saying she can’t improve. And the person 
she attacks when she gets mad enough to kill, will be someone who lives in the apartment because that’s where her anger erupts and because there will be no witnesses. And the person she kills will be a whimp, unlike the first 3 husbands who manned up and left. Some of these people you read about and on TV doing serious crimes, are borderlines. Not to mention the psychological damage, and the physical when she throws a chair at you, broken bones, concussions. I think you really need to get physically away from her. And it’s not just a fanciful situation. You are in serious danger. Are your capabilities up to what your level of danger is? I’m not suggesting King _PERSON_ here. I’m wondering, can you reach down inside and start some of these smaller steps. Can you picture yourself winning this? Now that you’ve found your staying with her did not improve her, can you leave? In one of your posts you said, “I'm hoping that someone can help me out.” Do you have a reasonable hope for that, or are you ju
st pleading your case?"
175994981,_PERSON_ - Not Afraid
174395131,Is this the gambling addiction aspect of abilify? You could always sue if you were on the brand....
175994982,"Z-drugs! Hypnotics are good.. (Lunesta, Ambien, zopiclone).. They don't help with anxiety. Zopiclone for me puts me to sleep every night but I have to TRY and sleep - Not saying you're not trying.. But with a hypnotic, you also need to know how to sleep. We don't know how to sleep. Make sure you quiet your mind (Once you're off the anxiolytics) and say ""Stop thinking"" multiple times until you're not thinking anymore.. Then breath in-out (Focus on the 'point' - Which is GOD.. Or infinity.. like a black hole) and out-in is the same. You do one of each per oxygen/CO2 exchanging.. Those two things, combined with zopiclone and olanzepine put me to sleep - Although olanzepine makes me hungry.. Not good.. Could lead to diabetes and discomfort.. I know you don't like Ambien cuz you made a baby and forgot or something I don't remember but you should give it another shot - It could be an irrational fear unless specific people are susceptible to go into hypnosis and sleep walking more than average. Zopiclon
e doesn't do that to people - You should ask your doctor about taking zopiclone while withdrawing from the temazepam.. Maybe by using diazepam 5-10mg or something. Anyways, I think the zopiclone cured my hypersomnia because I've built tolerance so I'm withdrawing during the day now.. Which helps me stay awake.. Although Vyvanse gets me out of bed well enough to make myself a strong coffee - Then I'm awake. Gonna take a walk around the block. I might not though cuz I'm afraid of depersonalization. Will be nice to do this in the winter or fall. It's hot af in the house."
175994983,"My week has been, blah! Anxiety is up and so my doctor gave me an rx to help me relax a bit when I need it. Today my sinuses are horribly painful. It just hurts so much to even type. Have a good weekend. Be safe"
174395132,"Been visiting my best bud in Seattle. Highlight of my whole year. Just lovely. Feeling okay, but my kitten, _NAME_, is really making sleep hard. He missed me and wants to party all night. He is basically a freshman frat brother. Ugh. Maybe a napski later. Very excited. I think I am going to become Catholic, after doing a lot of reading. Yay! Was baptized in the Church of Christ as an adult, so there is not a ton of work. Meeting with a priest in a week or so. Yay! Hugs."
175994984,You got the cheat code of a job learning to help other people automatically helping yourself =]
175994985,I dont want to be home alone today...
175994986,"My cat character passed away in the game. In the beginning, her mama passed away, and I can’t deal, so I’m not playing this game anymore. Way too fckn sad for me."
175994987,"Called my pdoc, texted my T. I am hoping to maybe increase one of my meds so that I can feel better. With pdoc's support of course."
175994988,"I was planning on finishing up the reading for the psychology course today and then work on quizzes and stuff tomorrow, but early this afternoon we went for a drive and ran some errands, and then this evening went for milkshakes and a drive so I only got about half the chapter done. I finish it tomorrow and see if I can get in the mood to do some other coursework too."
175994989,My friend stayed over again last night because he was tired. He's still a bit sick. I don't know if we'll see each other again today. It's freezing cold out.
175994990,The book it's based on is good too
175994991,"I don't think I have a false self. I don't lie to people or pretend to have beliefs and ideals that I don't really have. I probably have a compartmentalized self. I control what aspects of myself that people have access to. I know that technically, compartmentalization in psychobabble is supposed to mean that I hide my contradictory belief systems from myself, but there's no great word for when you hide aspects of yourself from others. When in conversations with people, I have a hard time pretending to be interested. There are certain topics that come up frequently in daily conversation that I don't have any emotional investment in. I don't have attachment to family, and I don't have nostalgia, and I don't really care a lot about popular trends in entertainment. At the same time, I know that MOST people have no interest in the things that I'm really interested in often, so I don't share those things with them. I can predict how a lot of my conversations with people will go, so often I just substitu
te a good mental role play for the real thing, and I imagine this is where I go wrong."
175994992,"Thanks. It's just that chemo kills people so my mom wants to know all the risks and benefits for sure and let the doctors tell her why she should do it and then she'll make the decision. I would let her know that if she could survive 5 years, maybe in 5 years there would be a much better advancement in cancer treatment. They aren't sure if it has spread but if it has, that's really bad. There's a possibility that it hasn't which I personally think it hasn't. Then radiation would just kill the rest of the cancer cells before it gets to the lymph nodes. On the other hand, the fact that they said that they aren't sure makes me think that they are letting her have a few more moments of uncertainty when it's bad."
175994993,I'm glad it is over SP. Interviews are hard. You did good. You could only answer honestly about what you would like down the road. At least they will tell you one way or the other. You did a good job today and I think you should be proud of yourself. Maybe today you should get yourself a little treat for doing something hard! Proud of you!
174395159,_PERSON_ I heard from a dispatcher that 911 receives a lot of calls from patients inside psych units
175994994,It just keeps getting worse. My wife keeps hearing voices and noises and is paranoid about all kinds of things. She seemingly cannot see that it’s in her brain and that she desperately needs help. How did you get the help you needed or get your loved one help? She never threatens any harm to herself or others so I cannot get her involuntarily hospitalized.
175994995,"I'm already on a high dose of Vyvanse (60mg) but it feels like when I take the 10mg of Dexedrine IR, it's the only time that I feel focused. Maybe it's depleting my dopamine. I don't know what to do. I'm very excited about reading this book (PiHKAL) at Part 2/2 of the book.. I never used to read much as a kid - But if I'm forced to read a book, I can read it in a day. Idk what's up with my memory - Probably a dissociative amnesia. I need a place to go that it better than where I am - I also need to socialize. I feel alone. I get existential crises too. I've managed to not abuse the dextroamphetamine - I take it >95% as prescribed. But it's hard not to want to focus. No psychosis.. Maybe decreasing the Invega Trinza would help.. I'm a complete mess psychologically and can't organize what's in my mind or express it to anyone."
175994996,"See what makes wow so good is partially the gameplay but also that u can join guilds and clubs and talk to people in there. WoW also has events like in-game festivals set every so often. Like once a month u can goto the fair or as it’s know the Darkmoon Faire And get tickets to ride rides, get food, and prizes for the game. And since it’s an MMORPG you are riding rides with other real peoples characters in real-time. That’s just one of the events. Every holiday they have events to and it’s year round, every year and has been since the game has been in existence since early 2000s. Like for Christmas during the Winter Festival I got to sit my character on Santa’s Lap etc do a quest for Santa and all he gave me was freaking some cinnamon coffee as a gift. But anyway I wonder what they are doing for Easter/spring. Plus just that’s literally not even the tip of the iceberg of the game. It’s just my fav part of it. That’s not even the tip of the tip of the TIP of the iceberg. I mean there
’s a reason why this game is still going strong even with expansions still coming out, and is considered one of the best games to date still!"
175994997,Feel better desox!
175994998,I'm literally going to try to do everything not to die. Like I've been thinking that even before this vaping stuff. Like getting my mental and physical health in order. But ugh. Man this vaping thing is gonna be hard.
175994999,SMAO (Sneezin' my a-- off)
175995000,"Since last week Thursday, I have had the constant feeling on having a lump in my throat or unable to swallow. I went to the ER and the doctor believed that I was having an anxiety attack (though I have to go back to my doctor to make sure that there is nothing physical). In the meantime, my doctor prescribed Buspirone 15 mg. Has anyone experience this constant feeling of having something stuck or a lump in their throat? This has never happened to me before and it is scary. Even when I don't feel anxious, I still feel this lump. I've done deep breathing exercise to get rid of symptom, but it doesn't work. I really don't want to take this medication as I am already on Wellbutrin. Has anyone gotten rid of this feeling without medication? and if so, how. Alternatively, has anyone taken Buspirone? I know everyone has different experiences with medications, but I am curious to know how people fare on it."
175995001,Sometimes I sleep holding crystals thinking they're going to protect me.
175995002,"That's awesome, SP! Great way to think outside the box."
175995003,"It's raining today. I can't get the temperature in my office just right. I wish I controlled the thermostat! I keep turning my space heater off and on. I have my new hoodie on though. It's from my uni. I'm going to wear it on St. _NAME_'s day too because my school colors are green and orange. No hallucinations yet today. Some delusions. I guess they are delusions. Other people would probably tell me they are delusions. They seem real to me though. I slept pretty well. Just not long enough. I hit snooze twice and then my Mom got up and was like, ""Aren't you supposed to be getting up?"" Me: ""Ugh. Yes."" So I got up! Bleh. Still feeling somewhat self destructive. My Dad took me for a ride last night though in his truck. We went down near the river bottom where some mansions are and looked at the houses. Then we went and found where the play is going to be that we are going to on Friday at the local college. We were probably gone about an hour. Plus we picked up my meds and got some ice tea. It was a 
good ride. It helped me feel less agitated and more settled. I can't do that tonight though because I have a call scheduled with my case manager/care coordinator and then I am teaching class tonight. HUGS Kit"
175995004,So I guess I have to keep doing the cbd/taking it because my headache and nausea came back. I didnt feel like taking it again so i threw up.
175995005,So sorry sp. Look at it this way. How would it affect your life in the long term to get a bad grade on the assignment? 5 years from now?
175995006,"Despite how awful my appointment was I'm proud of myself for making it and going, because I tend to continually put off dental appointments, but I had a feeling it was an infection so knew I had to go in. I'm proud of myself for getting bloodwork for my pdoc too, that's something I've been putting off for awhile"
175995007,Nice work _AT_MENTION_
175995008,It's wrong for me to have seen these western doctors that had no spiritual connection with me
175995009,Lovely!! What are those? What color is that-- I am color blind.
175995010,"Yeah , for the 2nd night in a row. Trying to make it a habit again"
175995011,I hear you! Sometimes I watch really violent movies to vent it out. I figure watching other people (fake characters) do awful things is a LOT better than acting it out myself. Hope you feel better soon. _USER_ID_
175995012,"As of today, my hair is blue! More like black with a blue tint but I'll take it. Kept me busy and sober for a couple hours."
175995013,So tomorrow I have my appointment I am not as nervous about COVID as I am about my blood work and other tests I am always nervous about what they will find It is an afternoon appointment so I have to fast all day Hopefully It goes well ha
175995014,"Not doing well. Going in between being awake and in a daze, to sleeping for many hours."
175995015,"Worried im getting some Akathisia with the Haldol, that's what happened last time I was on it. _USER_ID_: Took some Valium, hoping that works."
175995016,"Pastor _PERSON_ said he wouldn't do this often to me but he pulled out his Pastor card and was like, do you trust me as a Pastor? And I was like yes. He was like, then trust me with this (the delusion thing)."
175995017,"Morning In a decent mood cuz I see I’m losing some more weight. It’s really, really slow but it’s there."
175995018,Got 2 Luv U by _NAME_ feat. _NAME_
174395199,"I got the statement to submit to the insurance now that Pdoc is cash only, so that way I can get reimbursed some. He changed my diagnosis: It is now Schizoaffective disorder, depressive type, generalized anxiety disorder (which I already had), and ADHD--inattentive type--that's new. Welp, I guess there's something to talk to T about tomorrow on top of everything else!"
175995019,I feel so uneasy and anxious
175995020,"turns out the doc may have wrote the script wrong, he wrote it so I was re-titrating even tho I already got to 150mg. I'll call the clinic tomorrow I guess"
175995021,"Tonight so far I have not experienced any auditory or visual hallucinations, yesterday things did happen... had a relatively ****** day but it is fine now, no complaints at the moment."
175995022,"I'll put some up on Facebook in a little while , I chose scorbunny too ?"
174395210,"I have schizoaffective disorder, biploar with psychosis depends on doctor. Meds stop the voices and aside from restlessness I live a normal life. I go to therapy, group therapy, work part time, live independently, things are going well. I have a supportive family and team in place. I date normal people. Because i seem normal and I'm beautiful. Life is good. Psychiatrist says I'm doing great!"
175995023,Pretty sure my bra is broken even tho it’s a sports bra. Probably stretched out. _PERSON_.
175995024,"Yup, took my meds today."
175995025,add a little bit of marijuana and you have a seller.
175995026,"Yeah I don’t talk much about my hallucinations and stuff on here. Idk why. I know it’s a psych forum but I just feel better talking about my daily life, it’s kind of like an escape from that. A place to talk to friends about what I’ve been up to aside from that."
175995027,"I had such a bad panic attack walking to dinner tonight. I think it's because of all the cars were out since that's the time most people go home, it just makes me paranoid for some reason and feel like I'm being watched. It was really bad. Thankfully it went away when I got to the place and saw my friend"
174395208,"Well, we all could definitely learn a lot from you, bb!"
175995028,You make many good points. I agree with you in a lot of ways.
175995029,"I didn't go to Cape Cod after going to Rhode Island because once again the weather didn't cooperate. They had rain, high winds and, I'm sure, power outages on Wednesday night into Thursday."
175995030,"Often I feel stir crazy and sometimes I just have to get out of the house, even if it’s just a drive around. Now with pandemic and working from home it’s more. Usually. This last little while I haven’t wanted to leave the house. I have to leave the house on Friday though. Not looking forward to it. I feel like everyone is watching me and spying on me. I’m safer inside."
175995031,"I want one that just says ""they lie"" To remind me that my voices r liars I dont want it to be visible to other ppl tho. But visible to me"
175995032,"I've read 5 books so far this month, I'm on my 6th right now"
175995033,"One thing that motivates me, I know it's stupid, but is my pokeball plus. You can put Pokémon from Lets Go _USER_ID_/_USER_ID_ onto it digitally and when you carry it around with you the more steps you get the more rewards you get in the game when you transfer them back and sometimes whatever Pokémon you have in it at the time will call a sound out to you. It's really cool lol"
175995034,"been playing a combination of 3DS, Switch, and Xbox One. 3DS -- _NAME_ luigi superstar saga Switch -- fire emblem on hard mode xbox one -- Witcher 2 In between, I've been doing a little reading, so I've played like maybe 2-4 hours a day, which isn't a whole lot when you consider that I'm staying home 24/7."
175995035,Talked to someone earlier. That person had me convinced I basically didn't need meds. But I snapped out of it. I definitely do need meds at least for now.
175995036,"I showered. I didn't really bother with extras (perfume, painting nails) but I did shower"
175995037,"Wow, I just calculated my full time pay. It would be just as much as I'm making now with disability. I think 300 dollars more tho. I'm actually...like I'm scared to work full time but I feel like I could do it. Idk. Idk. Idk."
175995038,"I’m try my best to be strong for myself, I’m try to ignore all the bad things that happend to me from important people in my life ??"
175995039,Every night I have obsessive thoughts about coming off Latuda. Just flood my mind what if what if why not try it... Maybe I don’t need it. Maybe my problem is just bipolar. Nothing else. This whole time I’ve been on wrong medication. What if what if what if. What if I’m wrong. I feel like I have more to say but it’s being blocked.
175995040,"Oh wow. Sorry to hear. That isn’t my personal interest. Money is great, but I hope to be happy ultimately. Money won’t do that, I already know that from experience growing up into money. (Which I no longer have since my parents divorced and I’m also almost 30 now). My fiancé describes himself as a simple man. There’s also a song he likes a lot by that same lyric in the song. Maybe that is the name of it idk. I can’t recall rn. But he’s even much more “simpler” than me. In some way, I fight to make money so my children will have it somewhat comfortable. Him...he just wants to be happy and is happy with anything he has. I’m learning how to undo the money-tied-to-happiness Mindset. Growing up with money and getting whatever I want is hard mindset to get out of. Especially when u realize other people don’t have it that way. Which I didn’t know until about 22-23 years old. I’m slowly learning, but I’m learning. He’s been teaching me to be happy with what I have and the peopl
e I have in my life. If anything, I personally want more friends. I have quite a bit already but so May are either 1 - online 2- never want to hang out but live close, like ever, or 3 - live real far like an hour away or more, maybe even in another state. I yearn strongly for friends so badly. Friends that WANT to actually be with me."
175995041,That's a great idea SP! Thanks for sharing that. You are so wise!
175995042,Aquarius - Wave Forms - YouTube
174395252,"I did the mbti test to what I feel instead of what I do and I found the cure to negative symptoms.. Or what negative symptoms actually are.. (Hear me out..).. It said ""ENFJ-Assertive"". So all the things that I want to do, I follow those personality traits. I just have to be really sure of myself (Because I'm always never sure of myself. But the foundations are already there in the back of my head). Everything wrong with me can be fixed like a mathematical thing I believe (Like AD said..)"
175995043,"I need to start wearing my glasses. I need new glasses because my prescription changed a bit but won't be able to get them till like May. But anyway, in the meantime I need to actually start wearing my glasses. I walk around not wearing them for some reason and my eyesight is really bad so I'm walking around half blind most of the time. I don't know what I'm thinking"
175995044,"I totally feel that. I opened up a bit to some RL friends but they seem distant and I regret it now. I never should have said anything to them. Hell, I find it hard to open up to my mom and my sister for fear of judgement. I feel like I'm annoying people a lot the last few months with all my struggling. My job had some mental health in the workplace thing and they tried to encourage people to be open with mental health issues (they only talked about anxiety and depression though) and to talk to your boss about your problems. **** that, I say. I don't trust not to be stigmatized for opening up to management or my coworkers. Even if I thought they liked me I wouldn't open up. They had an anonymous chat for the session and I said flat out 'I don't feel comfortable talking to anyone within the company about my bipolar and psychotic issues for fear for _USER_ID_'. It's like everyone is supportive, until you don't feel well and let slip some symptoms. Then you're a bother. You're too complicated. Such a 
hassle. Annoying."
175995045,"You have a lot on your plate. Have you ever read about these things called DBT or CBT? You might should just do a quickie lookup on them. I have found both to be very, very helpful in managing my psychosis and depression, not so much so for mania--that is for me, mostly just a med thing. I also have severe, longstanding PTSD and again, both CBT and DBT can be super helpful, at least for me they are. The precise interrelationships between all these different illnesses are poorly understood. I would focus less on trying to tease all that out, because that could drive you crazy. I would focus more on getting some really good skills. Check these two out. You might find them useful. Good luck to you!!"
175995046,I mean I had big struggles in undergrad too. Hospitalizations etc. But after those were over I got my game together I suppose. But now it's like all that progress is erased.
175995047,"You said, ""It's not so easy knowing limitations when you excelled in the past. I have to learn as time goes by."" I've heard a saying that goes, ""Don’t mourn the loss of something we once had, appreciate that it ever occurred."" It's great that you did excel in those. Relive them. I've also heard, when one door closes, another one opens. I've also heard, ""Appreciate what you do have, don't dwell on what you don't."" Another one goes something like, ""Even with all the bad times, it also means we're still alive."" Sometimes a road in my neighborhood is no longer available to me. I tell myself, but think of all the roads that are still available to you. It is the open road in my mind that is telling me that. More On Chronic Illness Painsomnia: Getting A Good Night Sleep With Chronic Pain Overcoming Big Challenges With Chronic Illness"
175995048,"Thank you so much SC, woke up like I didn’t sleep. You are right, I’m hoping I don’t give up easy. I will try to divert my thinking into positive thoughts, it’s very hard been telling my husband about that. But I will keep trying my best. The little garden we have and bought some plants hopefully it will help me a lot. Will look for the resources here. Might help me as well. I’m just very negative thinker, end up I’m stress out from over thinking things and will start my panicky. It’s very hard thank you so much SC for always responding on my post."
175995049,Are you using tags?
175995050,"Hello, Relatively new here still. This topic is also fairly mew to me. I originally went for a psych eval about 9 years ago for memory loss while in the military. They said I had right side issues but never dug any deeper because I went downhill from there, medically discharged, etc, etc. Now, I have neen diagnosed with chronic PTSD and anxiety. Anyway, the last month I've been experiencing some unsettling hallucinations, both visual and auditory. A bird of mine died and the next day I walked up to her cage and was petting and talking to her...until my wife reminded me noone was there. That was scary. More auditory though. These voices are so persistent that my wife has pulled me from beating my head on the wall. I think it's just the fact they are there that's scaring me and I don't know what's wrong. I told the psychiatrist. He doesn't believe it's psychosis and it may just be the PTSD. I'm not sure everything is based around this but I'm not a doctor. My memory of past situations is so bad. I do
n't remember the situations. For example, I dont remember much of my childhood at all but I was recently told a babysitter abused me at a young age. I remember plates being thrown at doors and someone arguing but nothing actually causing it. Military as well and that was most recent for years active duty. These voices are saying ""go"" and ""they're gone"". I don't even know what that means, the voice isn't familiar. It freaks me out. Sorry if this is the wrong spot My meds right now are: duloxetine, quetiapine, topiramate, lorazepam"
175995051,"_NAME_, I am sorry that you are going through this change in your Rx status quo. Unfortunately we are hearing more and more stories like your own, as Doctors are really cutting back on the benzos they prescribe. I don't understand why your new P-doc will Rx Klono and not Xanax...there isn't much of a difference as far as the chemical make up is concerned...the half life time being the biggest differing factor as far as I know. Of course the flip side to this is that you may do fine with the Klonopin if you give it a chance. Have you tried halving your pills and taking half to begin, and if it's not effective, taking the second half at a later time? This may give you more coverage, but since the doses are split, perhaps won't knock you out? You can certainly try finding another doctor, but like I said, more and more physicians are moving away from prescribing flagged meds like benzos. So if you like and are comfortable with your doctors otherwise, you may be better off trying to adjust to the new re
gimen. Again, sorry...I hope you find the right answers for your needs. Keep us updated so we can keep you in support. S.C."
175995052,I definitely think joining this community will help you so much! I am here to support you in any way and I’m here for you! WE are here for you! Always remember that.
175995053,"Got my invega injection friday. Voices seem quiet today, mostly. I feel better today then I have last week or so. And the voices speak, I'll talk to you. I'll never talk to you.......you really know what to say. Why are you saying that?...laughter. I'm not talking to you..I would say it but it's not mine. Okay.This is not your life. I'm going to say it. Okay. I'm not going to say it. You can dream it.I'm not dreaming it. No it's not. Oh sure. I'll drive. You don't dream.I'm going to figure out what's wrong. You did not say that you said, okay you're getting confused. I don't dream of _NAME_. Whoever wins. She lost. I'll win. Why. Did you say why? Darnit. Okay she won. What was that about. Laughter. I win. Woohoo. What game is this. Can you hear us. Ok she heard us. Ok we won. This is a fun game. Laughter. I'll win. Okay you get the point lol"
175995054,turkey sandwich
175995055,"I first reacted with , because how could your cat ever get along with a mouse!"
175995056,Spot on mate. HT
175995057,"Cognitive dissonance are logical mistakes done to reconcile two incompatible realities. What I am talking about is something that is not contradictory, it is like parallel. It is a different interpretation, viewed with very personal lens. It is like talking words but meaning emotions, but the emotion is not clear, so it is approximated in a metaphor. The thing is that emotions are not little boxes that can easily be parsed and offered frozen into words, and that is without taking into account that some may be inappropriate. So in order to not loose data through compression, metaphors can be used to keep the raw emotions intact, and all the meaningful relationships that go with it intact. Putting it into words is like doing it violence and destroying it. But then once that is done, you become fake, because it is not true anymore, the emotions is gone, it was destroyed by the word. The word also freezes it in time, so it becomes eternal, and that emotion you had in the long past, can be put into the 
memory of others, that won't forget it, and will make you remember for all eternity, and if it was a bad emotion, or one that is embarrassing, well then, you are in for a life time of shame and hurt. So by making it more flexible and more unreal, it protects, and can more easily be adapted, and people won't totally understand it, which is a plus. So yeah, it is moving in the grey, while cognitive dissonance is about keeping black and white, and trying to justify both at the same time. The former is truer before judgement. The latter is basically a lie after judgement. The latter deals with frozen food, the former is living food. Its very different, but I can see why you made the connection."
175995058,"I’m gonna see if I can take a break from internet (except Netflix) for a month. Connect to my surroundings and focus on reading a lot, exercising, meal prepping, cleaning. Take a break from the information overload and constant scrolling. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175995059,Am always about ...esp supporting this forum.
174395264,"I've actually did alright with meds for the 3 or 4 years while on zyprexa and not end up in the hospital around the time period. I wasn't really doing therapy or anything and I was just the meds. It didnt' help with the negative symptoms either though. I spent as long as 2 weeks without showering, weighting around 240 pounds, and distancing myself from everyone. From what the doctors said at the psych hospital the reason why zyprexa stopped working because my illness progressed really bad and the zyprexa became less effective. The fact that I've been treatment resistant with all other drugs and having bad luck with dystonia and TD with a couple of meds. But I'll say this... I've not been or have been well enough to say I'm in a position were I would call myself healed or whatever... far from it. But now that I have new everything right now with treatment I can't say if meds help at all or not. because of the Covid I haven't started with therapy and only been doing meds. Everyone is different. Im no
t sure if I'll ever get better."
174395282,"I want to lower my injection so much that I only have to take like 5mg Haldol, 7.5mg Abilify, 2mg Risperdal or 7.5mg Zyprexa. Cuz I suppose I need at least a little bit of antipsychotic medication for the rest of my life"
175995060,That sounds excellent bluebird...I’m thinking I might make the gingerbread polar bears tomorrow to distract myself a little. It’s going to be rainy out anyway.
175995061,"Oh man, I want some French toast"
175995062,"Hello Reason and logic don't work with delusions. Even empathy doesn't work. There are medications that can help with this problem tho. I used to work with dementia patients who often have delusions, and have seen some good results. Have you asked your doctor about it ?"
175995063,"just an FYI... some stores (e.g., Wal-_NAME_) have been selling open-box Xbox One's and trying to pass them off as new. I paid $500 for an Xbox One X and when I went to pick it up at Wal-_NAME_, the asshole customer service guy said it was never opened, despite me pointing out the pieces of tape that he used to close it again. The seals were definitely broken and he insisted that's how they were. But the box rattled, so... I think you should make sure you have all the pieces/parts. Lots of consoles come w/ download codes in the box, and people will send the Xbox One back to the store after they've redeemed them. It's a common thing apparently. People also ""try out"" an Xbox One and then return it within 30 days because open box returns are actually accepted on the Xbox One consoles. I read about it on Reddit. See here: New xbox one x had been opened and resealed. Is this normal? : xboxone and here: https://www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/com...t_sure_if_its/ and here: https://www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/com
...w_amazon_sent/ The asshole Wal-_NAME_ guy refused to give me another Xbox One X, btw. He was like, ""well, you have to order it online again if you want it. The ones in stock here are meant for people to purchase online and pick up."" Ummm... no. So I told him I wanted a refund. He gave me a hard time and that's when I just went to Best Buy. No problems there."
175995064,Is your husband taking it seriously?
175995065,"I'm watching the Untold History of the United States, a documentary by _NAME_ Stone about the Cold War. It's pretty interesting. I didn't know much about the subject before."
175995067,When I met with the psychiatrist a couple times there were two watching me and it was awkward.
175995068,Showered and shaved
175995069,I feel like making peanut butter cookies
175995070,"I have felt really anxious over the past couple days. I get the shakes at night and feel warm. I still get the sleep hallucinations and I'm having trouble staying asleep. I'm concerned about this and need to go back to a doctor. I thought maybe it was stress, but this has been going on for awhile. Hopefully I can get the help I need."
175995071,"You sure have a lot on your mind. I like the first reply. Try to do one small thing a day to improve your situation. I have a friend who grows orchids. They are beautiful. What colours are yours? All the best, _NAME_"
175995072,I am drinking some unsweetened black iced tea.
175995073,"Hi _PERSON_ Welcome to the forum but sorry to hear you are struggling at the moment and have not been able to find any answers which can be very frustrating. Anxiety can cause most of the symptoms you have mentioned so is anxiety something which you have talked to your doctor about? If you are feeling anxious there are lots of things you can do to help such as medication and talking therapies, We have some good links to self help sites in our resources section so take a look there and try some of them out. _PERSON_"
175995074,"Sorry the abilify isn't helping and you don't have a good case manager. I had many that didn't really do their job either but luckily I've got one now that's great. I hope you're able to get a different med that helps, is there any way you can get a different doctor or psych nurse practitioner (sometimes there's more of them available)? That seems weird that she'd try to put you on the injections if it's not helping you."
174395304,Anyone make anything recently? Any pics? I've been looking up sugar free recipes online lately since I'm trying to cut back on sugar intake
175995075,"Hi Pokadots, I read your post with great interest. The expression ""flat affect"" is something I know a bit about, but I have not heard the expression ""crazy eyes."". I will have to find out what it means [beyond the obvious.] It is really unfortunate that people are pre-judging you without getting to know you first. That has happened to me too for different reasons. -- _PERSON_"
175995076,"I hate benzodiazepenes so much! I wish I had never gone onto Xanax or Klonopin! The brain fog is killing me. I just remember my old pdoc - he'd say ""yeah people I have on these drugs report feeling more clear-headed."" I just wanted to slap him honestly."
175995077,Thx HT. HT.
175995078,That’s cool _PERSON_
175995079,I thought if it went from dec 31st and then if the next morning (New Years morning) just magically turned out to be April 1st. Skipping those previous 3 months altogether life wouldn’t be so bad at all I hate the early darkness as well. You probably get very long nights in June but December it must get dark at 3 pm
175995080,"Not the last time, but the time before that mine was high so the doctor put me on some sort of statin, but then last time she said it had come down too much. IDK. She said she might take me off the statin next time she sees me if it is too low."
175995081,Will probably play Pokémon Y for awhile tonight
175995082,"I can relate to you in that I don't have many true friends and never have. I suffer from Social Anxiety as well as numerous other ailments so any part of anything that makes me center of attention makes me very uncomfortable, but hard work got me to where I can and not go into anxiety attacks. For you I would ask you to step out of your comfort zone. Call your mom or a female relative and have a ""girls day"" out. Of course you have to wait till quarantine and travel bans are lifted. When you do this, please leave your phone at home or turn it off and leave it in your purse. If it doesn't work the first time, try again and again."
175995083,So my breathing issues went away over the weekend. Today I feel fine. No shortness of breath. I do have another source of anxiety. I am going to have my annual termite exam for my home this week. I got one when I moved in to my home last year and it was clear. I know it can take several years for a colony to form but I am still nervous about it. I am pretty sure I don't but you never know with stuff like this.
175995084,Marijuana has always given me high anxiety and slight paranoia. It is normal for some people to react in this manner.
175995085,That’s how I feel on meds now. My thoughts are blocked.
175995086,i understand what you’re going through. Your anxiety is 100% valid. One thing that works for me is meditation. It sounds like bullshit but it’s helpful. It takes practice but I know you can do it! We are in this together
175995087,"I woke up at 1253am est , its gonna b a long day"
175995088,Hey _PERSON_ First let me say you’ll be in my nightly prayers for peace and for a successful surgery that will make you well Anxiety always causes havoc on my stomach and intestines as well Recently I felt like broken glass was trying to pass through them All my best Weary
175995089,"Good morning. I slept a decent amount for once, about eight hours. My head hurts, and this Fanapt is causing me to wake up with a really sore throat because of dry mouth."
175995090,"I dont know how to describe it. The thick smog of melancholy in this apartment is radiating so much into me, I feel nauseous and anxious. .... _NAME_ just left and I could feel the melancholy slowly _NAME_ out of existence in this apartment. Not that it isnt here anymore but it felt like the main source of it separated from between us, because it was like connected. Now I'm only here alone in my own mixed vibes, alone."
175995091,I can’t sleep very well. And I woke up and I’m so incredibly thirsty.
175995092,Got so much done today. Saw my NP. Did that and had the maintenance guy come by to fix something and I wasn’t scared cuz I already had gotten out around people today by myself with no one with me! Still need to make an appt with an obgyn. But I cleaned a bit and wore my hair down and dressed nice. Had a shower snd my mom gave me a bikini wax cuz she’s a licensed esthetician and cosmetologist.
175995093,"Yes, today I did and I washed my hair. I didn't feel like getting a shower but I made myself and then I felt better."
175995094,Saving to get my nose re-pierced
175995095,I feel like shyt so much
175995096,"I don't have bipolar disorder. But i can understand it to a degree. I have DID. 8 different personalities. Isn't mental illness fun!!! Uuuuh,..... I can understand the rapid shifts in mood. The sudden changes from one emotion to the next. Its harder than hell sometimes trying to keep it under control, almost as hard as it is to apologize for something you still feel strongly about but screwed up how you communicated it. ""Sorry honey. I came into that conversation about butter or margarine just a little too heated. I apologize."" The point I once tried to make is now invalid because my behavior trying to convey it was not appropriate. Am I ringing any bells here?"
175995097,"WRAS, I am really sorry to hear that you are having a rough time atm. I think that with grief there are not only stages...but also an ebb and flow in the degree that the grief weighs on us. For a time you may think things are getting a bit easier, but then a flare, so to speak hits you...and you feel like you are back at ground zero/day 1. However, this is just how it feels...and it is also temporary. When you emerge from an extra challenging time, you are not back to where you started, but rather get back on the path to healing and keep moving forward. This is not to say that you are working to 'get over' the tragedy. There isn't reality in this idea of course...but nor will it always be this hard. Hold onto that. I will not always be this hard. Do all that you can to self care. I know even this must seem like a Herculean task, but it is vital. Keep talking with us. We will do our best to keep you in support. We love you, and are always here to listen. S.C."
174395328,What do schizophrenia voices sound like? Do they sound like different people. Or your own thoughts. Are they there some days and not others? Does it sound like if a real outside person said something to you or is it internal like thoughts?
175995098,"oceanfisher58 said... I have many stresses in my life also. My stress makes my chronic pain worse. I know you may not want to up your Lexapro but if it helps you then its worth it. A few months ago my pain management dr said something which absolutely floored me. She said I WOULD NEVER come off opiate pain meds. Just the thought of that scared me to death. Because of having cancer and all the invasive treatments I have gone through my pain is really spiking. I let it worry me till one day I said I am just sick of worrying all the time. I don't care if I take pain meds everyday of my life if I can live my life with less pain. It more important for quality of life in my opinion. God bless you all Oceanfisher, a friendly suggestion: You have a right to switch doctors or seek a second opinion re: pain mgmt. options. Any doctor who tells their patient that they ""will NEVER come off opiates"" strikes me as unethical and/or incompetent. There are MANY safer, non-addictive options to reducing, managing pa
in, from other pain meds to alternative medicine (biofeedback, aqua-therapy, PT, acupuncture, massage, meditation, CBT, medical marijuana). An ethical, competent doctor should have at least discussed them with you, if not asked you to try them to assess your comfort level without opiates and help you avoid addiction and side-effects. Opiates are supposed to be used sparingly, either during/shortly after surgery or if a patient is in hospice. You want to be sure your PM doc doesn't have a vested financial conflict of interest in keeping you hooked on opiates. I hope not, but one can't be too careful these days."
175995099,"First of all, how old are you? I was in my late 40's when I started going into menopause. Mine got closer together before they started spreading apart. But I really think it could be stress from lockdown. Try not to worry about it, the more you worry the longer it will take. I went on birth control at a very young age because my cycles were so messed up. I would skip months and then have really long ones. After birth control I could tell exactly what day I would start. I got tube ligation at 30. Then everything was pretty messed up again. But not too bad. until menopause started, not that it was difficult though, it wasn't. Night sweats suck though. I still get a hot flash now and then. I am 62 now. I wish you the best. Can you call the nurse if things don't straighten out? Are you due for pelvic exam anytime soon? Though they probably aren't doing them now for awhile. Let us know how it goes. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995100,Air 1 Radio
175995101,Thank you!
175995102,It feels so late even though it's just going on 2pm. Maybe because I woke up at 4 in the morning.
175995103,Someone text me
175995104,"Just be careful please Phenibut has potential for abuse, addiction, and physical dependency It has nasty withdrawals."
175995105,I had my levels all checked a few months ago in the spring and everything was normal.
175995106,"Some idiot on the bus was talking about ghost peppers and said he let a dog have a bite of one and ""they tried to charge me with animal cruelty!"" no ****ing duh, those are some of the hottest peppers in the world Jesus Christ people can barely handle taking a bite ?"
175995107,Craving a cinnamon roll.
175995108,"I say things which could be regarded as racially offensive, I do this often and with casual abandon. I come from a fairly racially offensive family. I also come from a heavily ethnically diverse family. We seem to feel the need to go hunting halfway round the world in order to get laid. In the common racial parlance I’d probably be called 2nd gen mixed race, meaning both my parents are mixed and one of by grand parents was too, though not in the socially recognised form of half black and half white. I remember trying to explain my own ancestry during a school exercise when I was 8 or 9 and people, including the teacher, rejecting it because I didn’t look or behave the right way. I wasn’t really upset by it but it was one of those moments when I realised that the socially accepted ‘reality’ had little to do with objective fact. Once you fall outside traditional racial groupings it rapidly becomes apparent just how much of a comedy routine the concepts surrounding race are. Watching my aunt 
expound on how it took 400 years to take the n*gger out of the jungle and it will take 400 more years to take the jungle out of the n*gger, is made all the more amusing by the fact that she is probably the biggest and blackest Caribbean lady you could hope to meet. Blacker than the tar on the road, to use her expression. Quite who she means by n*ggers i’ve never been quite sure, sometimes it’s Africans, sometimes it’s Americans, sometimes it’s the old bat next door. Heritage and culture I can get behind, In fact I can be quite conservative about them, but they are fundamentally personal things. Race and to a lesser degree nationality (outside of its legal context) are concepts we use when we want to appropriate qualities from others with whom there is little connection."
175995109,I hope things get better with him
175995110,"Yep, just got out"
175995111,"Tired today, and sort of restless/anxious."
175995112,"So my wireless company is pissed that I'm actually using the unlimited data that I buy from them and cut me off claiming my phone needs to be switched to one with a stupid new setting. So I can't call or text, and the wifi keeps going on and off (which was why I needed unlimited). So, a relative is angry at me for some reason. There's no hope of getting a phone that's nice from them. The best one is out of stock, and the second best doesn't inspire confidence. But I don't have the brain power to look for a good unlocked phone. I'm very nervous and anxiety is very bad."
175995113,Have you told your doctor about it?
175995114,"If this is you with a broken brain then you’re a force to be reckoned with, just saying."
175995115,Nothing more relaxing than playing Animal Crossing with the _PERSON_ log playing
175995116,I feel sick like Idk I feel lethargic run down
175995117,"Only my mom knows that I tried to kill myself a few years back. I was at an extremely low point in my life, I had literally zero friends, I was bullied, and I did not have many people to talk to. At the time, my mom would say that I was being dramatic, and plus, I felt like I couldn't talk to my dad nor my mom because they were going through a divorce. Things were shaky in the household, and I didn't want to add more of a burden. So I felt alone. I was always good at masking my sadness. I used to keep it to myself. I found myself getting even more sad, which later led to me cutting to release stress. Throughout the years and even now, I am dealing with depression and anxiety. Today my dad talked to me about how two of co-workers' daughters tired to kill themselves. And he called me up during his lunch and told me how grateful he was that I never dealt with anxiety and was never sad, and how he was so happy that I never tried to kill myself. He began telling me how he was so happy that he did not ha
ve to deal with that those parents are going through now, he told me that he could not imagine going through that as a parent. (Luckily those two girls survived) He said ""Thank you for being you. I love you so much."" I feel so bad is because I have always painted this picture of me being this ""perfect"" child because I guess you could say it brings me comfort knowing that at least one parent does not know of my mental health issues. It's always been that way since I was a little girl and now I'm 17. I feel like now if I tell him about my depression, how I attempted suicide, how I have extreme social anxiety, and just anxieties in general, that it is just too late now for me to tell him the truth. I feel like I've dug myself in this hole of no return. I haven't lived with him in the same state since I was 12. So it's been about 5 years since I've been able to consistently see him. I see him on average once a year. And I only talk to him about 2 times a week. So I feel bad that as each day passes I'm not tel
ling him the truth of who I really am. Because to him, he believes that I am an outgoing person who has tons of friends, and who is just an overall happy person who doesn't have much bad things going on in their personal life. Which couldn't be further from the truth. Like I mentioned earlier, I have depression and anxiety, and sometimes those suicidal thoughts still happen, and I don't have any friends. But now it's mainly because I am more reserved, and I tend to shut people out. Even if I don't want to, it still happens that way. I just feel like if I changed that persona of myself he thinks I am, then he will be disappointed that I was never honest to him, and I feel that he will be mad. I feel as though our relationship might never be the same anymore. So I never told him. Any suggestions?"
175995118,"It was weird because we had to drive the person there and go into the inside of the psych ward. And I'm thinking like ""wow I couldve easily been here last night or even the past few weeks ago""."
175995119,"I need some perspective: Today my therapist compared me to my father with whom I have a bad relationship and who by most standards has been emotionally abusive to myself and my mother. On one hand telling that I’m procrastinating something like he does, though in another session she told me that technically it wasn’t even my responsibility. I have worked so hard to overcome constantly comparing myself to his flaws and evaluating everything I do in relation to what he has done And doing the opposite. I am surprised by being told that, though I know that I procrastinate and it’s one thing I really hate about myself and feel I can’t escape becoming like him even though I’m not. Was there benefit to her saying this that I’m missing? My cat also opened the door during the virtual meeting and she laughed that he’s probably tired of hearing my story, later he came on my lap which was so comforting and looked up in my face purring at which point she remarked he’s probably had enough of hear
ing this story over and over again, seriously?! Another thing I am deeply self conscious about is talking about any of the things I bring up in therapy. Thanks in advance, and thanks for listening"
175995120,But why did you sign up then? It’s ok to say no to things sometimes.
175995121,_PERSON_ Feather--O Come O Come _NAME_
175995122,Should I let her come to help move or not? That's what I'm having trouble deciding.
175995123,_NAME_--Until You
175995124,I can't wait to go to sleep I just want to start a new day. Gonna ask my mom to see if I can work at the hotel on the weekends to make extra money. I keep forgetting about things like this. Everything just slips my mind because I'm thinking about so many things.
175995125,Thanks guys! ...and thanks for handling everything! I can always relax and know that everyone is being taken care of when you are here for our members! S.C.
175995126,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself and share your thoughts with our community; we hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175995127,"If it works through dopamine then for sure, but I’ll defer to tweaky on this one."
175995128,"I also feel a massive amount of anxiety. But I took all my meds 30 min ago. _PERSON_ says to start taking the gabapentin once daily instead of as needed. She said if it just gets worse, she will put me on ativan, but that's her last resort since it's a narcotic."
175995129,"You're very welcome S.C. That's great that your hubby is well-managed. For sure napping or night time sleeps can be a pain. Mind you, we all differ in some ways, of course. My younger brother sometimes had to work double shifts ending in may seizures. Keeping track of exercise, food intake, amount and time of Insulin and/or alcohol is crucial. Some medications also. Even though our blood glucose may be in the good range when we go to sleep, it can drop drastically before we wake up. Excessive exercise during the day for example, can continue removing glucose from our bodies for long periods of time. You and your hubby most likely know this. Thank you!"
175995130,"Waiting for my headphones to charge. My arm feels terrible today, the one they took blood from yesterday. It didn't bother me after the vaccines but now it does. There's a huge dark bruise too. I can never remember my dreams since about 10 years ago? I have this recurring dream and I know when I have it, but I can't remember what it is."
175995131,"Hey _PERSON_, glad you're doing well I hope your appointment goes well tomorrow"
175995132,"Hello everyone So next week, I have my annual doctor's appointment and as usual I am nervous. I am a 29 year old male who tries to exercise regularly even though I have gotten a bit lazy during this pandemic, and also I have had a minor injury. I am nervous they will find something negative when they do blood tests or other tests like EKG or urinalysis At the same time, I am wondering if i should get my appointment rescheduled because COVID is really active in my area. My doctor's office is in a hospital where there has been an increase in hospitilizations for COVID. They are making people wear masks at the office but I am still somewhat uncomfortable with going. Should I reschedule or proceed as planned:"
175995133,"I’m sure they are painting and stuff.....I swear apartments are terrible at this, but then they often have many turn overs at the same time."
175995134,The hotel has free breakfast every morning. And free happy hour every night.
175995135,It’s actually handy to do if you can’t sleep
175995136,I'm really glad!
175995137,I feel dizzy. Don't know why
175995138,Nine Inch Nails - The Fragile
175995139,"We're back. Our restaurant was closed so we went to the tattoo parlor to get my torn ear pierced. Then we just came back. Was almost going to the vape store but the employee was helping another customer for a long time and my back is hurting etc so we scrapped it for today. We plan on going to the restaurant earlier on Thursday when my friend comes back. He's not talking much, but he had a long conversation with the Uber driver. It's just me he doesn't talk to. Wearing a salonpas patch on my lower back, it's helping."
175995140,"I don’t know, I don’t think so though"
175995141,I would suggest a visit to a pulmonologist. Pulmonology is a field of medicine that focuses specifically on diagnosing and treating disorders of the respiratory system. You may have acquired some kind of mold or bacteria or who-knows-what that has taken hold in your lungs.
175995142,So you’re considered essential? I can’t believe you can’t work from home.......
175995143,I hope you will get good news soon!
175995144,"I'm the same. It's not mean though, rather an invitation to playfulness: I always hope for a clever comeback. Something challenging at least. Most people can't do that properly though, and they turn to passive-aggression."
175995145,I’m trying so hard to distract myself and I cant
175995146,Read two chapters in The Search for Significance today.
175995147,After being asleep all day and pretty much numb since I've been up at around 5pm... I'm now starting to feel sadness. Tomorrow is my friends funeral... I hope I'm feeling up to it tomorrow. I'll make myself go. I'm not feeling all that great right now.
175995148,A baked sweet potato w/ butter and some steamed broccoli
175995149,"For those who have been dealing with bad anxiety in which nothing has helped so far, keep fighting your excessive anxieties with the help of psychiatric treatment or whatever it is that may help you. Just because nothing has worked out for you yet doesn't mean that nothing will ever work for you."
175995150,Yesssss I drink plenty of water!! Staying hydrated!
175995151,"_PERSON_, I'd like to say something to you. And I'm sure many other people here will agree with me... I get up everyday and check PC. While everyone is saying how yesterday has been awful for them, and how they feel like crap, and how they are just tired of everything, I go on to read what you have to say, and the positivity and possibilities that run in your posts are just beyond amazing. You really seem to light up your life with your positivity and others lives. And for the mere sake of you even saying how good of a day its going to be for you, whether all you are doing is going to the laundromat, to even you being with a friend, it's so inspirational to me. I just want to say thank you, because single-handedly and indirectly you have taught me so much about what it means to see hope, even in the smallest of things. So thank you."
175995152,"Why, oh why did I take Xanax today?"
175995153,"_PERSON_ I bought my fiance the new star Wars game, _USER_ID_ Fallen Order, for Christmas. Not only did he finish it in a week, but he went through and found all the secrets, all the achievements, AND THEN played the game on the hardest level. _PERSON_ I have so much respect for him as a gamer. I used to play every pokemon game til I got out of high school. And then i was like, ""omg I cant do this anymore"". And ever since then, I havent finished a game in 10 years. So pokemon sword will be my first game I'll finish the gameplay for in that long. I got back into gaming because of the switch and variety of games. Other than that, I hadn't really played video games for 10 years haha. So, yea, I'm like super proud of myself for going to complete this game. I hope fiance is too. Lol."
175995154,I'm not gonna smoke weed anymore.. Again.. I smoked it once a day for the past 3 days and I feel like my cognition went south.
175995155,I don't understand how or why stalkers that live in Las Vegas were I moved away from 1400 miles away are suddenly friends with and are staying with my neighbors in my same building. My neighbors will not tell me but I believe they are harboring a man and his girlfriend that are stalking me. I can hear them talking through the wall and I am shocked. It's to intentional for them not to be stalkers for them to be hiding out in an apartment in my building. Also they are making horribly loud banging noises day and night. And I know this sounds crazy but a swear its true the strangest thing I hear is very loud farting noises as if they are doing it against the wall purposely. Does anyone know why they would do that the only thing I can think is its blatant harassment. I am completely discussted by that and I contacted my landlord about it and they know everything. All this is really starting to weigh on me mentally I have very sever depression and am bipolar and I have had the tendency to try to commit su
icide so do you think this is why they are doing this? Someone please help me with these people.
175995156,"Back years ago I made jello shots with my little sister, I ate like 18 of them and threw up she was like..."
175995157,"Washed all my bedding today including pillows. Felt so nice to crawl into a soft, warm, yummy smelling bed. My husband has the stove going so it’s really nice in here tonight. Wish it were Saturday so I could hang out. I have my physical tomorrow morning. Joy. Nothing else going on. I’m pretty tired...my eyes are heavy. Hoping to sleep well. Night!"
175995158,"Yeah, last time my blood work was done my cholesterol was high"
175995159,"Hello all, I haven't posted here in a long time, and I'm not even sure who frequents this forum as of late. But something happened tonight that made me want to share it with others. I remembered that about 2 years ago I had made a video with each of my children. At the time I was very seriously suicidal--probably the worst I had been ever. I wanted to make a video with each kid so they would have something to remember me by and know that their mom did love and care about them. Looking back on the old videos, I can remember what I felt like at that time, and it was strange to see even from my facial expressions and physical appearance how ill I was. My kids and I thought it would be fun to make another video with each of them, so we did that tonight. It was really cool tonight to have some time making videos with my kids where we laughed and shared new memories and moments together. I have been depressed and struggling at times lately, but I feel so grateful that I managed to make it through two yea
rs, and that my kids are generally OK and I'm still here to see them growing up. I just wanted to share that in case anybody here is struggling right now. Sometimes it's worth it to hang on even though you feel like you barely can."
175995160,There was times where I would smell rotten flesh and nothing around me was dead or rotten meat.
175995161,"I got 6 hours of sleep but now every time I try to go to sleep, I feel a balloon inflating under my ribs under my heart. Aortic aneurysm? I think it could be from vaping. I'm not going to sleep until it's gone. It happens when I sit up too. I'm going to Vancouver tomorrow. It will be a nice drive. I like sitting in the car. I'm going to read a book or listen to podcasts. If I don't die until the morning.."
174395396,"there are a lot of antipsychotics on the market. almost all of them are associated with at least a bit of weight gain. the higher potency older ones (haldol, prolixin, stelazine) are associated with less weight gain, while some of the newer, 'atypical' drugs, such as zyprexa and clozapine, are associated with -lots- of weight gain. dosage matters, too...there's a big difference between taking 3mgs/haldol daily and taking 20mgs/haldol daily, in all respects...including weight gain. some doctors use metformin with antipsychotics, to reduce or prevent weight gain. often helps. a switch from, say, zyprexa to abilify or geodon or latuda might help, too. that's assuming an antipsychotic is necessary, long term, for someone. most people who end up with a label of 'schizophrenia' seem to need at least a low dose of antipsychotic, long-term, but something like 20% have a one time episode and can taper off. one problem is that stimulants are ill advised in schizophrenia, so treatment options for the weight g
ain are kind of...limited. i've known of -1- person with schizophrenia who was also treated with old school diet pills to combat the weight gain, with OK results. maybe its more common now?"
175995162,"Both! I know that I often find my bearings when I am helping someone else. I realize how good I have it, even if I don’t have it so good."
175995163,I have a weighted blanket saved on my wish list on Amazon right now. Waiting til I know I can afford it.
175995164,Glad you had a good first day SP
175995165,"I'm having a lot of trouble with deep reading lately. It's either the Trileptal, which _AT_MENTION_ said might go way, or the Seroquel, or both. I'm on 75mgs of Seroquel until Monday, then I'm on Monday, then I'm on 50mgs. Every Monday I go down 25 mgs. I might stay on 25 for another week, but I hope not. I really hope the fogginess goes away soon so I can enjoy my week off in September. September I plan on going on a couple dates, Read The Active Powers of the Human Mind By _NAME_, beat _PERSON_, and that's pretty much it lol. I really hope I find a woman that's right for in September. I've received a lot of positive feedback, but I hope I can find a couple of quality dates next month. I'm pretty picky regarding who I date though, not physically picky, but otherwise picky..."
175995166,"Hey, Desoxyn, I don't normally say things like this, but, it just seems like your meds are not really totally optimized right now for you. Cut yourself a little slack. Try not to judge. Try to practice patience, if you can, it really, really helps. I think you are looking at your past in the wrong way. None of that was a waste of time. It was just life, just stuff. It is not a competition, this life, to see who can be the most exiting or coolest or richest or whatever. Go easy on you. You judge yourself a whole lot and it is probably not very good for your brain health."
175995167,I’m here....wanna chat?
175995168,Thanks! That's true.
175995169,Make sure you don’t have poisonous plants......also yay!
175995170,Wow I missed a lot of posts in between! But yeah the weather is nice. I got absolutely scorched by the sun the other day though. It was the most ridiculous sunburn I have ever gotten.
175995171,Marble pound cake and and a cup of black coffee
175995172,Hope you feel better soon.
175995173,Vyvanse and coffee kicked in. Bought more nicotine gum. It's cloudy outside - I wish it was sunny. Oh well.
175995174,Bullyocracy: Amazon.co.uk: _NAME_: 9781634242776: Books try this it's quite seasonal.
175995175,"I talked to my T on Saturday. I was supposed to see her face to face but that didn't happen because she got locked out of her office!! So she had to call me. But the phone call dropped like six times. Then she had to stop because someone was there to let her into the office and so she called me back. I think I did get my 50 to 60 minutes but it was very chopped up. Really annoying. I wasn't feeling well at all because I was in crisis. I was not really talking, just speaking in monosyllables. She didn't want me to be by myself so I told her I would go to a friends, but I had no intention of actually doing that. I spent the afternoon sleeping instead. I got through the crisis for the most part. I'm still sort of in crisis but it's less intense. T was going on about anger toward inward and stuff like that. I don't know. I don't feel angry but I guess that is the point. I wasn't very cooperative which I feel bad about but I did the best I could considering. Now I'm just trying to hang onto the threads 
of being okay. shredded threads."
175995176,I feel better now. I guess the gabapentin worked. Everyone sang happy birthday to me and I got some presents. I will show u guys later on here and snap. My birthday isnt til Tuesday but my mom is celebrating early for me. I will goto my dads on my actual birthday tho.
175995177,"_AT_MENTION_ it could be remeron withdrawal. I've been off it all week, i didn't do the 4 day half dosage, i just went off it completely and I haven't had any side effects--besides sleepless nights. I am on 10mgs of Ambien. Damn man, you know a lot of **** lol I was on remeron for quite some time, maybe that's the reason ambien is being so ineffective. How quick is it suppose to work? I took it at 11pm and was up until 2am--but every pasing hour I took more and more benadyl and an extra benzo just trying to fall asleep. I was up so late last night that when I hope up this morning I started to slip in and out o cosciousness as I drove to work which is pretty typical. I see my pdoc again on the 11th of september, so I might be able to get a higher dosage of ambien if that is the case but also talk to her about ketamine options. The 2 ketamine options that I see ahead, the nasal spray (rip off) and the infusion (even more expensive!) are ****** options. It costs like $2 at the pharmacy, im hoping that 
she lets me somehow get it through that route but what are the chances honestly? I practically live with a nurse. Maybe that will help my argument. It's just not feasable to do infusions because insoruance, if I had it, doesn't cover it. So that would be $600 a WEEK out of my pocket. That's insane."
175995178,Glad you are better. What is the interview for?
175995179,"This social distancing seems like a joke to me...I've always been in isolation...I don't have to adapt to anything....it's just the way life has always been....I've been stuck inside myself for years now...I like self-medicating but it's like when I finally get forward I get held back by that same old nonsense that got me here to begin with...there is something about being alone that can feel liberating at times....other times it's hard and I feel crushed by this uncaring, dying world...idk, anyone else here feel like life is a joke?"
175995180,"The thing I tried from that list today was reading fiction, haha. Seemed to help. I also turned my phone and laptop on airplane mode for a while today and that helped me concentrate. Maybe that could help others focus, too. I don't know. Just a thought."
175995181,Just got home from my sister’s. Had a good time. Now I’m relaxing with a glass of wine and some Ferrero rochers. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175995182,Thanks _PERSON_! It's good to see you too!
175995183,That’s a good gauging factor.
175995184,I talk to my doctor this afternoon can’t come soon enough it’s frustrating waiting for things and I can’t focus I just want to doooooo things just not work I’m trying to work I got some done but I have a loooot to do and I can’t focus damn brain just going going gonnneeee.
175995185,Takeout: 2 slices cheese pizza a piece of cheesecake a Jamaican beef _USER_ID_ a can of Pepsi
175995186,"I thought that said ""sandwich code"" lol"
175995187,"I tend to use ""dark"" comedy."
175995188,"Stupid thoughts of the hospital again this morning, when I was showering! Up side was that I showered, finally. Downside is I got some burrito in my hair this morning after the shower. I think I got most of it out. My hair is pretty long and some of my burrito came out of the tortilla and landed on my hair. Sheesh. Oh yeah. Stupid hospital."
175995189,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_ ! I don't know why I didn't see it!"
175995190,Right. I think dealing with anxiety and depression are one of the hardest things for me right now.
175995191,"""These 3 oil stocks will explode as WW3 alarm goes off"" Nice.."
175995192,"Did I mention we went to a tattoo parlor to get my torn ear pierced? It was very atmospheric and luxurious. They used a hollow needle instead of a piercing gun. The stud (I chose the plain one) is very small and I hope my ear won't get infected. They told me not to use rubbing alcohol, but saline instead. My headphones were how my ear got torn in the first place."
175995193,"I believe that I'll eventually be one. It will just take time to piece life together, coincidences, probability, love, hate.. understanding animals more.. idk THC helps"
175995194,"Eek! Lately, because of the stress of my given circumstances, it seems like I'm on the autobahn, and it sounds like cars are roaring pass men. Tomorrow I find out if my situation is fixable in the short term."
175995195,"Thank you Perfect Time for your response. I was diagnosed at 31 with bipolar, I'm now 48 . I never even went to a dr. about my mental health until I was 30, I had a major breakdown. Growing up I knew something was wrong but my parents were not proactive in getting me help . My father was diagnosed in his late 50's with bipolar and he still doesn't except it. He is on and off his meds and we do not have a good relationship. My mother is depressed and has never received help. She ""doesn't believe in psychologists"" and ""doesn't need help"". So needless to say I didn't have a supportive and healthy home life as a child. It was very chaotic, a lot of arguing and unstable parenting. I am going to find a new dr. and discuss a medication that can help with my manic states. I am trying to get my act together but I feel so crappy , I just have ZERO motivation right now."
175995196,"My husband and I put together architectural ones. We have two of London, Paris, Chicago. They aren’t easy to put together but it’s bonding!"
175995197,"You seem to define yourself with work or something thst has no inner value… You can also be fine friend,person,emphatic and so… Why let think of how the others see you…"
175995198,Not today. Probably tomorrow
175995199,"At least you are eating buddy, that’s more than some people can say"
175995200,"That all sounds good! I like corned beef and cabbage, one of my favorite dishes. My mom used to make it every St. _NAME_'s day. I've never made it myself but maybe since I have a crockpot now I can give it a try sometime. I haven't had an energy drink in a long time. I always like the Monster ones"
175995201,Good luck DT!
175995202,Just seen I can order from the Halloween shop now from Instacart. May order some decor like a cat skeleton or something when I get some extra money in. I love decorating my house all year round with Halloween stuff! Neat that I can order from spirit Halloween from Instacart!
175995203,"Merry christmas everyone! I got a lot of gifts, it's in a box that's too big and unwieldy to move by myself. There are worse problems to have"
175995204,I’m glad you were able to get out and feel better. That is scary. Like being out of control
175995205,I posted on here before about voices that disrupt my sleep. I get times where I feel better and then the symptoms start bothering me again. I'm getting concerned since I'm not getting enough sleep lately and I feel anxious. When I try to sleep I hear voices that wake me up again. Sometimes I get really bizzare dreams. This can't be normal and I'm having a hard time finding the right help for this.
175995206,"I'm hard on myself as well. I'm a high acchiever because I belief inaction is death, and that's not healthy. It also results in a form of anhedonia (although not the one induced from my meds, the manic swtich that caused brain damage) but a lack of pleasure when I could be relaxing and not doing anything, even though that is impossible due to the brain damage. The good thing for you is that you've found love, and so you have a means to shift from a life of action to a life of shared existence which is more authentic to us social creatures. That way you can get outside of your head and not go up in a ballon like i often do. A philosophy degree isn't much really. If you read very carefully, a few really good philosophy books then you might be a philosopher! I'm not a teacher so I don't believe Ill have success in philosophy. Honestly, i have a good foundation in the mysteries of life and that's it, I'll never be one of the greats I feel because the greats teach classes all week and engage in ideas ev
ery week. I have to work so I can't engage ith ideas the way i want every week. All I can do is read a coule books every month, and post a blog and write a short story every now and then."
175995207,"So exhausted from morning meds, trying not to fall asleep"
175995208,"Thanks Desoxyn, I'll talk with my doctor and see what she says. I went a week without one which is an improvement, cause I was having them daily. I've got Christmas music on now which puts me in a good mood. And I'm watching my favorite YouTuber who's a gamer that combines gaming with humour and that's helpful too. I'm drinking a cup of Chamomile tea right now"
174395471,I take about 675 mg a day with clozapine.
175995209,"I finished Dark n Netflix. A Germen series. Netflix has awesome titles such as The OA and Dark. They are just amazing, truly. The thought, heart and purpose is just amazing. Please give them a try."
175995210,How do I know that the world exists outside of my perception??
175995211,"Finished skiing, smoked ganja, now I'm gonna shower and then watch a podcast. My moms ex is here and he's grumpy af. He slapped my moms *** and then she went ""Oo"" and he was like ""You like that?"". ???????? Why must I hear things like that when I'm stoned?"
175995212,"Wondering about it suggests that it is worth investigating even if it is ruled out. It can still be helpful in determining what is going on. Doing some research into ASD is a very good suggestion to see if you identify with it. There are a lot of good websites, books and videos on the topic. My psychiatrist recently told me that most people don't fit neatly in a diagnosis."
175995213,"breathing exercises this morning when I was anxious, in sted of just freaking out clean clothes did some laundry ate a fruit salad"
175995214,In about a week and a half I'm gonna buy the new Animal Crossing game and also order a pretty mask from Etsy
175995215,"Lunch was chicken noodle soup w/ crackers, apricots, these coconut puff things, and a cup of coffee"
175995216,I'm either dissociated today or I am getting catatonic. I'm not sure which. It's like really hard to talk and I just want to stare at the wall and stuff so IDK. I am missing Church. I can and do still watch it online but I am missing going to Church and getting like 10 hugs.
175995217,in a weird mood
175995218,Anyone else have any experience ? More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness
175995219,"Got my thanksgiving lunch, may not be able to see it but there’s mashed potatoes in there and macaroni and cheese too it’s just buried under all the other food lol. Plus I got a Canada Dry soda and an apple with it. I am stuffed. I still have quite a bit leftover for tonight or tomorrow. Attached Images 992F653C-3CE6-44A1-9722-1D5D757281C1.jpg (205.7 KB, 6 views) C7444070-B82E-422E-BB51-56AC348B1FA4.jpg (264.1 KB, 6 views)"
175995220,"I used to take 1mg 4 times a day. Now I take 1/4mg twice a day. It makes me groggy if I take a lot. If I were to take a whole mg now, it would probably put me to sleep. But I can function still on a quarter mg. Or .25. Best wishes. I am glad the xanax works for you. I have heard of people getting munchies from it, though I haven't. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995221,"Hi HT, Hope you get the new scooter soon. Know it will be a great help for you. Safe safe! UA"
175995222,"Nope, not today. Will tomorrow though."
175995223,"Hi gateway, I hope that the meds work for you. It is all kind of wait and see. You may have to try different ones or different combinations. But you are on your way there and hopefully what you are taking now will be the ticket. Keep us posted. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995224,Spinach salad w/ raspberry vinaigrette
175995225,"Hi Everybody... Winter day here today is typical for Michigan. Not real cold though. about 30 degrees. Which can feel warm in the winter. Though it isn't officially winter yet. I hope you all have a good week. Getting my hair permed tonight. I come home stinking of it. Oh well. I like my hair curly. Take care all... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995226,Cosmic brownie
175995227,Possible trigger: ive been having a lot of bad/disturbing intrusive thoughts and images playing in my mind lately involving suicide. And I really don't know why because I'm not depressed.
175995228,Finishing up Fellow Mortals by _NAME_
175995229,"What business do you plan on doing? I""m curious!"
175995230,Pics of the new place once you get it all set?
175995231,I am fully vacinated. I took the _NAME_ single shot 10 weeks ago at a store called miejers.
175995232,"Feeling quite sad. If only I could feel like this for longer instead of being so numb and in a dysphoric type of hypomania all the time and anxious. Maybe it's the olanzepine. If so, good."
175995233,Hugs SK I hope you find comfort soon.
175995234,I didn't mind having back acne but I was so obsessed with OCD about picking my skin that the doctor put me on an antibiotic and it all cleared up completely. But I can only take it for 6 months (Which ended yesterday) so it might come back =p
175995235,"When I'm deep searching the webs, sometimes I want to click on a youtube video.. But I'm listening to music.. How would I solve this problem without having to take off my bluetooth earbuds out and putting the earbuds in that are connected to my computer? (Cuz my bluetooth earbuds don't connect to my computer and I don't listen to music on my computer cuz the quality is too bad)"
175995236,Not really. I cant open up the individual packets for morning. _PERSON_ then I wont have the morning doses later in the month.
175995237,I felt impulsive and drank some vodka and now I feel a little more chill. Chilllllllllllllllllllllllll guys. Let's be chill and just chat.
175995238,"And also I need to write and stuff. But I don't feel like writing either. Eh, oh well. I think I'm too serious."
175995239,Yeah I find it very frustrating too. I don't make mine every morning but I should get in the habit of doing that. I just put some fresh sheets and pillow cases on
175995240,"Hey WP, I like your quote, it's from my bible, _PERSON_. I believe it's in the theater section near the beginning. If you ever want to talk about it, l'm here. =)"
175995241,"Hi Miss_Angel, I have no reason to wish you anything but the best of luck and am not trying to plant doubt in your mind. I was making sure you knew there was possibly another outcome to this situation, and I got that from reading your first post. That's how it starts, in the second paragraph. I won't need to quote it if you read it objectively. That can turn into resentment for you later in life. In full disclosure, I am not a marriage counselor or relationship expert by any sense of the meaning. I've been married 3 times, filed for divorce on all 3 and been divorced 13 years now. Which, oddly enough, adds up to longer than all of my marriages combined. I've since decided I'm no good at relationships and there is no room in my life for anyone else at this point. I have a female friend I've known for years and sometime see her, but could never stand living with her. I used to think I was lonely but never knew how much I valued peace and quiet in my life till there was nothing but drama. Now I never 
ask God for anything but forgiveness and protection. He gives me what I need and sometimes what I want to show it's not what I thought I needed, so I stopped asking for personal favors. A divorce is one of the most emotional traumatic experiences a person can experience IMO, and the third time wasn't any easier than the first. It just took a lot more self-medication in a different form since I had stopped drinking. I would never wish that on anyone."
175995242,"Okay, def get some sleep"
175995243,Read 1 and 2 Kings in the Bible this morning
175995244,Sometimes I have thoughts that my doctor is trying to poison me. I told my doctor once about it and he was flattered to be part of the delusional conspiracy
175995245,"I actually think it's a side effect from the meds I'm on but I find that my left hand used to get contorted and my mom would tell me constantly ""stop making your hand like that"" when we go out in public. Nowadays it's more subtle, like I find that sometimes when I look at my left hand I would be pointing in whatever direction my hand is facing."
175995246,Christmas gift this morning... I am finally under 200!!! The healthy eating and walking is paying off.
175995247,"Morning!!! Getting ready to jump in the shower. My favorite body care line doesn’t produce scrubs in the summer . So I looked up “recipes” and made my own last night. Orange sugar coconut oil scrub and lemon-lime coconut oil body butter. I’m pretty excited to try them out. This morning I made my daughter a scrub and a moisturizer. Hoping the scrub helps...it’s a recipe for eczema. Oats, honey, coconut oil, epsom salt, apple cider vinegar. Hope everyone has a good day. Supposed to be HOT here today."
175995248,"The triliptal (moodstabailizer) is working, and it's nice to be off Seroquel. Seroquel worked for 2 weeks, then I had to up it, then it would be okay for 2 weeks, then up it until I got up to 300mgs, and then heart palpitations because there is an interaction with Geodon. I think Triliptal is a better long term solution for me. Also, I felt an inkling of emotion this morning, so I went to Panera Bread. I had a breakfast sandwich and a coffee."
175995249,"My moms friend with bipolar and ADHD zones out all the time, always on her phone in the middle of a conversation and we have to shout her name and catch her attention for her to talk to us. I think she gets depersonalization because she gets panic attacks too and she's usually the one to tell me at the dinner table with everyone because we always talk about mental health. This is why she loves cocaine so much because it helps her. It's not her fault."
175995250,I’m stressed to high hell
175995251,Finished one of the Wrestlemania scenarios on Smackdown vs Raw. Also beat this boss I was struggling to defeat in Yo-_NAME_ Watch earlier today
175995252,"I'm really, really, really upset. _PERSON_ set up the ring doorbell without me. I'm fckn pissed. I'm redoing it. I fckn bought it."
175995253,"Feeling better. The OCD thoughts are not bothering me right now. I saw my doctor and got refills. He put ""40mg"" Vyvanse instead of ""50mg"" so I have to go back to the pharmacy tomorrow to pick it up after they get a fax from the clinic that it was actually supposed to be 50mg. I'm afraid of running out of Vyvanse - That would be hell."
175995254,Thank you for the help and support! Hopefully you’re right and this all blows over!
175995255,I talked to my brother on messenger again. I never used to contact people are really tell people exactly how I feel until I started taking ashwagandha. I'm starting to talk to people more now. I'm desperate to free myself from pain.
175995256,"Yeah, that's the one. I was getting distraught but I think I just need my doc to call for prior auth. Makes sense now."
175995257,"Hey everyone! I have been in and out of doctors and they say everything is fine and nothing is wrong with me. I tried medication and it made me feel like crap. I went to an integrative medicine doctor and got my results today and they blew my mind: I have lung inflammation and I'm always out of breath... which they think is from when I had pneumonia a few times and maybe second hand smoke and your lung and your kidneys are actually connected which causes kidneys to not function as well when your lung isn't... so basically I have a buildup of cystine in my body bc kidney isn't detoxing as well which likes to crystallize and likes to attach to eyes and form crystals which cause photophobia aka fear of light (which I recently developed and never had). Also in Chinese medicine the kidneys are related to fear. I had no kidney symptoms only anxiety and panic disorder and fear of light. This being said I believe all types of medicine are important, integrative, eastern, mental, etc. However, integrative m
edicine is expensive but takes the time to get down to root causes so for me it is totally worth it, and now I can fix the problem. If anyone was thinking about going this route I definitely think it’s worth it. Maybe you can work with integrative medicine along with your regular doctors and mental health providers to help figure out the plan best for you - and not what has worked for majority. Wishing everyone the best!!!"
175995258,My symptom chart out of /10 for the past 10 days; A Mood 28th(5) 29th(7) 30th(4.5) 31st(5) 1st(5) 3rd(4.5) 4th(5) 5th(5) 6th(5) 7th(6.5) B Anxiety 0/0/0/2/1/2/2/2/1/0 C Agitation 2/0/4/2/3/4/1/0/0/1 D Paranoia 1//0/0/1/0/1/1/1.5/0/0 E Delusions 1/0/0/1/0/1/0/1/0/0 F Visual H 0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0 G Visual H 0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0/0 H Imagination 6/6/4/5/5/5/6/6/6/8 I Creativity 4/4/4/4.5/5/5/4/4/3/8 J Panic attack No/No/No/No/No/No/No/No/No/No K Motivation 8/6/2/4.5/5/5/4.5/5/4/7 L Focus 7/5/4/5/6/5/5/5.5/4.5/7 M Hyperactivity/Mania 4/0.5/0/1/1/0/0/3/0/3 N Tiredness 3/1/1.5/0/1/0/0/0/3/0 O Hours of sleep 5/10/8/10/15/10/12/12/12/12 P Anhedonia 4.5/2/5/4/4.5/5/4/4/4/3 I'm doing as good today (On the 7th of January) as I was on the 29th of December.
175995259,Feeling horrible about myself at the moment. Ugh. Not sure why. Self loathing just rears it's ugly head whenever it wants to. _PERSON_
175995260,"My DIL gets a colonoscopy annually. Being proactive is the best. How are you feeling now? Are things any better? You are probably sleeping. Let us know... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175995261,mmm mmm mmm
175995262,"I can not recommend this series enough. I saw that they had a DBT workbook for psychosis on amazon, too. I used the one for anxiety when I was at my lowest and it turned my life around... I’ll need to crack it back open."
175995263,Hope you get some sleep do you think not taking your meds caused the insomnia?
175995264,It feels freeing to let all this out. I've written some of it down in scribble messes but I feel so hyper aware and no one really understands. They'd have me locked up for sure if I said all this. _PERSON_ rant rant.
175995265,"The therapist had me fill out a questionnaire through her client portal. I ended up typing 6 big paragraphs in the section that said ""Is there anything else youd like to tell me?"". I basically typed my life story."
175995266,"I can relate to some of this. If whatever I'm experiencing is poignant or emotional or thoughtful or stressful etc, I'd rather experience it alone, both during the experience and afterwards to reflect on the whole thing. I much prefer my own company to the company of others. With the exception of humor. There are very few people who share my humor but there are some. And when something is funny, to share that humor with another person only makes it funnier. It amps up the experience. Even when it is over, the experience can continue as you share the funny bits with another person, adding in your own bits. So, humor is something I'd prefer to share with someone. But I think that's about the only thing."
175995267,Damn that sucks. Screw em.
175995268,"Since they changed my zopiclone from 7.5mg to 3.75mg every night and I have 34x 7.5mg pills left and 30x 3.75mg pills, I would like to take 7.5mg of zopiclone for a month or so because I don't want to withdraw from zopiclone on top of the other GABA drugs (Xanax and phenibut).. But I have to take as prescribed right? I'll call my doctor tomorrow about it - It may prevent panic."
175995269,Anytime is a great time for some anxiety! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health Coping With Holiday Anxiety
175995270,mmmm guacamole
175995271,Sounds pretty dang awesome!
174395546,I'm struggling a little tonight. I had to talk about some of my history with my online therapist. It triggered a lot of bad feelings for me. I'm sort of stuck now.
174395567,Thank you. Was mostly just curious. I hope this didnt come across offensively or judgementally. I just was wondering
175995272,This past month I've been only eating one meal a day idk why Maybe cuz I'm not exercising
175995273,"First and foremost, you need to see a psychologist and a therapist. I’m glad you have your girlfriend to talk to but she isn’t a therapist. She can’t help you with coping skills or finding the reasons for your anxiety. You should probably also be medicated. There is nothing wrong with needing medication. It is the same as a diabetic taking insulin or someone with lupus taking prednisone. Having 3 severe panic attacks a day must make it very difficult to work and go to school. This is preventing you from living the full life you want to live. That means seeing a therapist and getting medicated is a must. I have clinical depression anxiety adhd and ptsd so I know how hard it is to reach out for help, but this is so important."
175995274,"Worst case scenarios... I do that too. I will just be sitting there and a thought will come into my mind. It will be the worst thing that could possibly happen. I don't know if it is anxiety or depression but it really stinks. I do breathing exercises and stuff to try to get the thoughts to go away. They do, but it still bothers me. I hope you both feel better. The breathing exercises do help. I know it is difficult. But keep hanging in there... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175995275,So far I'm okay today. I keep beating myself up in my head though. Thinking I am stupid. Etc. Ugh. Trying to change those negative thoughts. I haven't heard any more about my cousin and her husband so I am assuming that he made it through the night. I checked Facebook but there wasn't an update. Someone will probably text my Dad later and then he will tell me what's up. Covid is so scary. I'm glad the teeny tiny sore throat I had yesterday didn't come back. Don't have much to do at work today so this will be interesting. I have a major scanning project to work on but it's so boring. Oh well. I guess I have to work on it. Next week I only work two days.
175995276,I still don't even know what anxiety is. I think there's different types of anxiety.
175995277,You’re not going to lose your ability to feel empathy. I can assure you of that.
175995278,"I was first born of a Dragon. The Dragon would roar at night, and breath out fire. I don't know if it is overbearing or neglectful, both or none. What I do know is that nothing is over the Bear. And neglect in that situation is a good thing. All she ever had is hatred, deep seated hatred about everything and nothing. It's a song of fire and ice as some say. I do know she intimidated everybody. Everybody was fearful. Was a terror in the government and everywhere. She can't stop herself, even in a court of law. Even a judge had to tell her to cut it off once. People are scared of her, that much is certain. As for me, it's different, I simply avoided as much as possible, but fought back when cornered. She should be dead now by all rights. Well, she had some heart incident it would seem lately, now she can't talk straight, which is pretty funny. No more fire weapon. Can't hear either, but that has been the case for awhile, all from her own fault. So its good for her. Hopefully I will never hear of her 
again. Having her in my head, that would be pretty disgusting. So maybe the other posters are right, maybe you are right. Those words don't seem to do justice. But certainly we are dealing with a catch 22 situation where anything you do is wrong, because it is the _PERSON_ existence itself that is resented by the Dragon, nothing else. I am convinced of that, and I was always convinced of that. There never was any affection of any kind towards her and vice versa. I don't even know what those things look like, or what it is supposed to do. I mean I know, intellectually, not physically, emotionally. It's just a big nothing. Bonding, it's just never was there. But the avoidance comes from danger, and a deep desire for peace and do my own things. It won't change ever. Although even to this day, I get furious and get murder impulse when I hear door knocks. That moron would bang on the door regularly. I mean that is after I started locking it, which in and of itself created scenes. Some people just don't get the mes
sage, but really it makes no difference. You can get startled by someone rushing into your room and shouting, or someone banging on the door like crazy. It's still startling, but the second one is a bit safer. At least you have some time to get ready for hours of confrontation non stop. There were overbearing moments at a younger age, due to studies. This was hell, constant abuse and $#%^ discipline. Fundamentalist literalism in everything in grammar and music. Now, I don't care about the stupid word morons insist on, only the meaning. Always did, always will. But I can play the game when I need to. I was born into it. So you could consider that overbearing. Neglect. Lack of food, starvation. It's certainly possible to have both at the same time, if you're too busy being overbearing. You forget cubs need to eat once or twice a day. Fortunately there was food at school, otherwise I would never have made the winter. Starving and abuse go really well hand in hand, for all those idiot mothers that need some inspi
ration. Don't expect ""gratitude"", you might actually get it. Get back all the love. It might hurt a bit. Lots of abusers expect gratitude, I met plenty. It seems to be what normal people do. They abuse you and then ask for gratitude. I am not sure how those people can sleep at night. They shouldn't. You never know when someone grateful might just stroll around and decide for a payback, no matter the good intentions and all the blahblah justifications. The big Values. She's open minded though, everybody says it. Big values. Big tolerance. Big love. Big love to all the mothers out there, you are all pretty awesome."
175995279,Met with my case manager and got some paperwork ready for the apartment complex I'm trying to get into
175995280,"Good luck, Blue_Bird! Not much to report from my island today, really. _PERSON_ was here, and I bought the Great Statue, but nothing else. I know why it’s so dark in his boat, but I don’t like it lol. They did a good job of emphasising how sneaky his business methods are with that, and the fact he disappears for at least a week afterwards. It was _PERSON_’s birthday too, and I gave him a tool shelf, at first I thought he was going to hate it from his reaction, but he was really happy with it."
175995281,The demons want to kill me. They keep screaming at me. The chanting is the worst. I'm trying to fight them. I have an appointment on Tuesday that I have to get to. I just need to make that appointment. I had to cancel it the last time I went into the hospital. I just need to get to that appointment. Then I can go to the hospital to fix my meds. I know it's cuz the meds aren't right.
175995282,So am I.....
175995283,"Y’all remember when my back would hurt for years when I’d wake up, when I was living with my dad? Ever since we’ve had this Purple brand mattress, my back feels like a newborn babies back every morning (assuming theirs doesnt hurt after being born). I sleep so incredibly good too every night. My back was hurting every morning for 10 years!!! What a relief. Now it just hurts due to posture."
175995284,"It's snowing again, on top of the ice and 2ft we already got... I need to take the bus to go grocery shopping tomorrow, I hope the buses will be running"
175995285,"I want this new game called Farmers Dynasty. It’s a mix of a farming game and life sim. But then I want _NAME_... Choices, choices, choices..."
175995286,I'm so stressed out right now.
175995287,Clean shirt and socks Perfume Ate cereal for breakfast
175995288,"Did u end up getting a switch, falcon?"
175995289,"Lol, you could always change your new (hopefully soon to be patented) Hallmark card motivational saying from the part that said ""Jabbing someone in the chest because you want to feel included"" to something like ""Throwing fries at kids at other tables because you want to 'keep up'"" Anyways I have to get up early. I hope you find some answers."
175995290,"Good morning, going to lunch with my friend later"
175995291,Maybe call 911 and ask to talk to a paramedic. I did that while psychotic.
175995292,"I recently learned that I have been dealing with anxiety, and as I'm still very young, I want to have some help learning how to deal with it. I would also like to know how I can tell this to my family, as I'm very self conscious toward my family."
175995293,I can't wait until I can go to sleep
175995294,I'm getting a garmin smartwatch next week instead of a fitbit. My sister has a 40% off coupon for any Garmin product. Original price is $189
175995295,Want to rewatch: _NAME_ and Touched with Fire
175995296,Hugs SK...
174395559,Abilify made me sleep like 20 hours a day and gave me akathisia. But meds are different for everyone.
175995297,"That’s good, I know you’ve been waiting patiently......"
175995298,"Thank you for an amazing post. Although not schizoid, I believe I have experienced exactly what you've described here. Not only that, but I once spent time with a woman who was developing her own therapeutic approach specifically geared to identifying the things protected by the above 'involuntary defense mechanism(s)'. I noticed your OP immediately (frankly, had been on the lookout for exactly such a post) , but for some reason have taken ages to reply because I believe that it holds the key to addressing not just SPD, but many kinds of mental illness. Our assigned path is 'straight' into that secret, protected area and through it, which is easier said than done. The therapeutic approach this woman was developing simply involved asking questions. She had a very soothing voice and asked me question. after. question. And I answered her--all of them basic, rather simple questions. At one point, she stopped me and said, ""Do you see what you just did?"". I had no idea to what she was referring, so she 
continued, ""You asked me to repeat that last question. Twice. You had no trouble answering all of the previous questions but, for some reason, needed me to repeat that last one (which had been about my father, whom I hadn't 'seen' since infancy). Perhaps you need to meet him."". Perhaps I ought to have, but I never did and he has since died. Nonetheless, thinking about him gives me a tightness in my chest and accelerates my pulse. I believe something was and still is there. Can anyone remember having taken a narcissist to task about their behavior? If so, do you remember how frustrating it was? Their attempts to change the subject, their avoidance of eye contact? Didn't it feel like you were, 'fighting some kind of involuntary defense mechanism' on their part? So, what OP has described really is , I think, not only the key to addressing SPD, but the key to addressing many forms of mental illness. But it's so hard to stay consciously focused on addressing that 'involuntary defense mechanism' that I wonder whe
ther the best way to 'slay' it is the way Perseus beheaded the Gorgon Medusa, via indirection, although I have no idea what form that indirection might take."
174395593,"I understand Linkin Park songs way more meaningful now _USER_ID_: Jesus I imagine if I played the song ""Comfortably Numb by Pink _NAME_"" while having a dissociative panic attack. And no wonder. They weren't sure if he had autism or schizophrenia. He tripped a lot."
175995299,"Be sure to bring that up with your doctor when you see them next. Who knows, they may make an exception for you."
175995300,Pretty kitty!
175995301,Wow how do you feel now?
175995302,Yay!!!
175995303,I'm just worried because you have to talk about your thoughts and I have trouble recognizing my thoughts. The AP has made it worse. It's like I have zombie brain. I have had CBT therapists tell me that I have many thoughts per second. I don't know what they are. So I'm not sure CBT is good for me. I had a CBT therapist for four sessions and we didn't get anywhere.
174395600,"https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/...ecipe2-1962727 This looks like something I’d really enjoy, perhaps I could throw the veg on the grill one day after the bf was done with the main cooking. It’s gotta be easier than grilling meat..."
175995304,The problem is the market price is too high....
175995305,"Im not here for fun forum talk im here to find people i can talk to because they are the only people i would ever want to talk to, so those dumb posts annoy me because its like going out to the real world and talking to people, and my world revolves around avoiding it because i hate it, and then i come here hoping to relax from this really hard socializing that i have nothing to do with. _USER_ID_ about your reasons i want what i deserve from this forum specificly"
175995306,"My mom got her first dose of the vaccine a couple weeks ago and she had a bit of a fever and tiredness for a few days and that’s it. Your mom will be fine, _PERSON_! I’m glad she got the vaccine and ignored your sister. I hope you feel better today"
175995307,"im hanging out on the porch with boby until i have to go to work at 1pm. today is my Friday, so my weekend starts after this shift. i get off at 9pm. yay!"
175995308,"Just.. watching alt nation music videos.. only so much I can do in this state.. Maybe I should take a break from the internet.. But I love music and doing things.. Right now although, i can't doing things..."
175995309,What is the difference between Scizoaffective Disorder and Bipolar Disorder with psychotic features?
175995310,I’ve been awake for 24 hours and I don’t know if I can sleep. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175995311,Yes it is ?
175995312,Totally!!!!!!
175995313,Bored and tired. didn’t sleep enough last night.
175995314,I’m just sitting here waiting for Animal Crossing and Minekos Night Market.
175995315,Achievers are addicted to stimulants
175995316,"Oops, I meant cord."
175995317,"""Spade and Parade"" by Sunny Day Real Estate."
175995318,Tacos for dinner
175995319,"I had an appointment with my psychiatrist today, went well. I didn't bring up my weight or wanting to get off meds. I'll just let that go"
175995320,"What if he died, and you regretted not spending more time with him because you were retaliating because he had not spent more time with you and your wife? Then you would regret not spending more time with him, it goes in a circle. ""If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving one be me."" What can't you be the more loving one? Or, ""Love is like a magic penny. Keep it and you won't have any. Lend it, spend it, give it away, and it will come back to you one day."" Maybe you'll gain by helping him. What does you wife want to do? If she wants to see her father, then maybe that's the important thing, also."
175995321,Fck. I really wish I could wake up from this dream but I cant... part of my tooth fell off. I think the whole tooth is dying.
175995322,Changed plans to have my sister come over another day since I'm feeling sick. Didn't sleep well last night either. I'm really ready for the coming week to be over since there's so much I have to do. Today I'm just going to rest though
175995323,How have you/do you manage? How do you go on?
175995324,Wanted to start a thread for us bipolars to share our moods today maybe the post can go on every day that would be wonderful that way we can all support each other so far really nice people here that support me just wanted to give back to others and be aware of our bipolar moods today I am tired but that's been a busy day so I know I'll sleep good tonight yesterday was a rough day to I had so many different moods swings I hope tomorrow will be better the only thing I'll have to do is shopping so hopefully I can settle down and do some resting how about you how was your mood today for us strong bipolar people today?
175995325,Yeah I had a dream two nights ago that my left eye swelled up and fell out so I was holding it and no one would bring me to the ER
175995326,A piece of pita bread topped w/ tuna and celery
175995327,Thank you so much !!!
175995328,"Yeah, we have church and family gatherings on Sunday...so I just tend to check in for urgent posts on that day...again, I am sorry I missed your post. Great news regarding the legal help if it comes down to you needing it. This weekend will of course be rough. Check in as much as you care to and feel free to e-mail me if feel the need. (((((my thoughts are with you))))) _PERSON_"
175995329,Having side effects
175995330,"I Googled that I can't make decisions (Because I don't know what to do) so this helped; 1. More thinking is not always good thinking. 2. Learn to trust your intuition or gut feel. 3. Give a deadline to decision making. 4. Accept that you cannot always have it all; you might have to compromise a little. 5. Finally, is a decision you took ultimately proves to be wrong"
175995331,_PERSON_ left to goto a friends...
175995332,"Most of mine (Voices) are differently Auditory in nature as well as a type of harassment, in addition to this I have what's best described as some sort of broadcasted live streaming inner conversation ( through subvocalization or inner talk) with the (voices) think in terms of a Twitter storm personalized towards you aiming at tearing you apart in order for them to gain satisfaction, a bit like _PERSON_ violates Woman in public spaces like toilets, bathrooms bedrooms. As you will experience 'voices' in as exactly the same fashion. The only visual aspect to it is what I term (cloak and dagger) or the Snapchat thing on the streets pointing phones in your face saying god knows what! and what seems like filming you, also they buzz around you like busy bees trying their collective best to trigger you to some emotional responds or outburst in public in order to get blackmail material for entrapment, they can use hand signals, chough's, sneezing, use directed conversations, veiled jokes insults, group mob
bing up upon you for intimation or sensitization. They work as a hive-minded almost cult-like covert team that works collectively hidden in the shadows of active denial of any questioning or confrontation from the intended target. They want you to be affected mentally in some way so they can feel the gratification of giving you a breakdown, prison sentence, or death caused by giving up the fight. This is the only visual LSD hallucination I have on a 24/7 basis."
175995333,"When they lie to you, does it feel like they betrayed you? I remember having that feeling. But present day lying doesn't bother me that much anymore. Don't know when or how this change happened though, I wasn't aware of it. I just don't let people come close and with enough distance between us, there is not much they can say that I really care about. Respect is things like saying thank you. Like many parents, my parents told me to say thank you (like to the shopkeeper after getting some candy). I never understood backthen why people said this Also for my parents it was very important to say this to strangers, but in our home no one ever said thank you. Saying thank you was something only to keep up appearances. I simply didn't know what respect was bc I had never seen it. So that explains why I didn't understand! Nowadays I do say thank you, but I really have to remind myself to do it. My ""good kid shackles"" demand it of me."
175995334,Guys my heart anxiety is sooooo much better. I don't even care how fast it's beating. I'm not even talking about it anymore on here..
175995335,It seems like fiance cant do anything sober. He has to be high for everything. I never understood that. Hes high from morning til bedtime.
175995336,"I remember my mother not taking some of her meds on purpose. I think that they were to calm her down and she didn't like that. I am glad you are doing some things for yourself for pleasure. Often we forget ourselves in the midst of everything else. Keep taking care of you. I hope you have a nice 4th. Hot here but will make it through. Staying in out of the heat. Walked this morning with the dog. It was nice. Have a wonderful day... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995337,"Asked the np about my medicine, getting pregnant. He said zoloft SHOULD be ok, but theres no studies on pregnant women with vraylar. I may not be able to take any antipsychotics while pregnant. I havent been off antipsychotics long to know my severity anymore. But when I'm off for one day, the world seems slightly weird, but that's it. Idk beyond that. So idk. I know a lot of people with mental health issues choose to not have children. But I just I really want a child in a year or so. It's not so much about timeframes anymore as I just want a child."
175995338,"Thanks for the hugs _AT_MENTION_ psychotic and thanks _AT_MENTION_ for your reply. I do get together with friends at least once per week (sometimes twice) but I think what Pastor _PERSON_ meant was that I keep my problems to myself and I don't share them, and particularly I don't share them out loud. So instead of texting a friend that I'm not doing well, I'm supposed to call that friend and tell them that. Or go see them. I think I get what he means, but it's definitely not something I am super comfortable with at this point in my life at least. Did you get a new roomie? _PERSON_"
175995339,"Just read for about an hour with my cats laying on/next to me purring, it was very relaxing"
175995340,"That is hard. I’m sorry that’s happening, but glad you got there and spent some time with him. That’s what matters the most. I’m heading north to visit my family that are 4 hours away tomorrow. Hoping for an easy drive."
175995341,Hey guys! It’s only Tuesday. Oy. I’m just hanging out. I worked and all that. Thinking of a power nap before my daughter gets home. I have no errands to run or anything. Kind of sucks because I’m bored. I want to keep playing with my new computer but then I check into work and such. I don’t want to work for free lol. It’s so FAST! Especially compared to my 4 or 5 year old cheap laptop. So far so good. They forgot to tell me I needed speakers for it. I’m so used to having them built in I didn’t even think of it. My husband thinks he has some though so I may get out of going back to the store. I’m starving like nauseous hungry but I’m too lazy to make something. I’m going to try to sleep it off lol. Hope everyone is having a decent day...even though it’s only freaking Tuesday.
175995342,"As an adult, I've never reread a book. I did with LOTR as a kid, many, many times, but not as an adult. _PERSON_ is the slowest paced thing I've ever read in my life, and while it's very enjoyable, everything leading up to the ending drags and drags and drags and drags, and then BOOM! the ending happens. If someone would have told me when I first started reading the book that _NAME_ got paid by the word, I would have believed them, but like, it's soooo worth reading. I'm not lying or exaggerating when I say it taught me an important life lesson and changed the way I view things, and I can't say what that life lesson is without spoiling the book, but like, if anyone really wants to know, feel free to PM me and I'll tell you, but be warned, I will spoil the book. I'm reading The Fellowship of the Ring now. Despite the fact I read that entire trilogy nine or ten times as a kid, I forgot an awful lot. Yes yes. Another book, or series of books, depending on what you get, that I've wanted to read is The 
Decline and Fall of the _NAME_ Empire. Like, I have it in three volumes, and they're long, tiny text, no spacing books. Former mod _PERSON_ recommended an audio book version of it that I might get. It's 125 hours long, and I'm all ""yep, I do NOT have time to read that much of ANYTHING!"" Another book I started to read was _NAME_ Frankenstein, but I feel it's really predictable, quite a bit into it, and I feel like I know how it ends, so I'm slow reading it. Yes yes."
175995343,Awesome!
175995344,"I need to learn how to create websites Because if I ever come up with an idea, I'll know how And I don't want people to own my websites. I don't want anyone suing me or making me pay money. I want my own advertisements. I also need to learn legal stuff. #Granduer"
175995345,They gave me some kind of injection I didn’t ask what it was. I came because I felt like chemicals were coming through my veins and I was gonna pass out
175995346,"getting by: Thank you very much for posting...it's very nice and kind of you to do so. I'm sorry I didn't reply earlier...couldn't find the energy or gumption to do so...Yeah I think she sometimes likes the manic episodes...she sometimes think she's well already and doesn't need meds at all. A recipe for disaster undoubtedly, but it doesn't dawn on her one bit when she's...in that state. Yes, I'm starting to get the hang of it, but other times, I fail abysmally...so well, I feel like I'm learning every day from either her, or her behaviour . Thanks very much for the kind words; really appreciate it. Sorry to hear that your mother was Bipolar...must have been trying or hellish for you at times...yes, you're absolutely right, I don't know what to expect from her sometimes...and for someone who likes stability, you can imagine what it's like for me. Thanks for empathising...May God bless you richly! Update: I don't even know where to begin...wife's sleeping now so I have a little time to update...rece
ntly accompanied her for the IMH hospital review...the Valproate stays the same at 2 pills...the doctor listened to me separately and had her wait outside...I told him there's a possibility that she may be schizo-affective or have Borderline Personality Disorder...he simply dismissed me with a grunt...and...that's that. Then, he called her in and decided to double her risperidone dosage...Wife's laughing a lot less these days (previously she was like the _PERSON_ from the Batman movies)...but still laughs...intermittently. But not as much as before. Sometimes loving, and sometimes...like _PERSON_...wait, let me think of a female super-villain...maybe more like _PERSON_ from the _NAME_ Batman movie lol. Just watched ""13 going on 30"" starring _NAME_. What a nostalgic movie...oh, how I miss the past...a lot. Went to a toy sale today...Buy 1 and get the 2nd piece at 60% off! Wow...so I bought a few Re-ment (miniature 1/6 stuff) boxes...I recently bought a miniature IKEA greenhouse and am going to fill it with m
iniature furniture...Also buying some silver-age DC comic books from this guy tomorrow...so yeah, I have stuff to distract me and keep me going...it's a lonely journey for me at times, but I have God and friends and you guys...a step at a time, a step at a time..."
175995347,Control yourself! I’m tempted to buy some new goth boots but I’ve resisted so far.
175995348,Of the break and bakes just chocolate chip and the premade bakery chocolate chewies...
175995349,Hey loial! I need to do that. Ugh.
175995350,"_PERSON_, I'm glad you feel that _PERSON_cat helped a lot of people here on HealingWell.com. And I hope she is doing well too."
175995351,"No, not today"
175995352,Finally able to focus on reading again so I read a chapter of _NAME_’s World tonight
175995353,"Anyone have any advice on dealing with change? My anxiety has been heightened lately due to the fact that I’m moving after 12 years, packing up my house to move, illness in my family, and the end of the school year approaching (I’m a teacher). A lot going on over here. Any advice from experience would be appreciated"
175995354,I'm out of the hospital now. Hopefully I don't have to go back any time soon...
174395667,"I’m not on that group, no. I didn’t know that group was there. I will add it. Definitely use this as motivation to do or become healthier/better. Whichever is pertinent to you at this moment. I’ve been hospitalized 20 times since 2003. Since I was 13. So sorry to hear of all that crappy stuff happening. It hurts im sure. I wouldn’t know, but I can empathize on my part. Keep getting better and keep fighting the good fight."
175995355,"I just got out of a 3 year relationship by pushing someone of my life. I am known to sabotage my own happiness. It's like autopilot takes over and I do these thinks unconsciously and without considering the consequences of my actions. I attack people for no reason, say things I don't mean, lash out, get angry over the stupidest things, Now I am dealing with the crumbling of my whole world. It's been 2 weeks. I can't eat. I can't sleep. I can't stop crying. He told me I need to work on me. I need to learn to love me. I need to give him space and respect him. I can't let him go. I am in emotional distress. I don't have anyone around me that I can talk to. I feel alone, helpless, scared and hurt. My self-worth is so low, I am always on the defensive and blame others for what's wrong in my life. I NEED help!!!! I can't go on like this!"
175995356,_NAME_ cheese stick
175995357,"Minipuff: How is the recently added 5 mg of Buspar anxiety medicine doing? It was added to the 60mg of Prozac, which treats depression as well as anxiety, that you were already taking. If you are still having trouble with sleep, have you considered the Melatonin sleep aid from the health food store?"
175995358,Yeah I wouldn’t mess with lithium without the draws. Too high and you get sick. Too low and it just doesn’t work.
175995359,No it’s not a migraine I just forget that sleep never heals my headaches....the Advil did work now but unfortunately made me super nauseous......
175995360,Been playing fortnite and AC
175995361,I'm ok. Kind of jittery. I don't know why. The caffeine in the coffee is microscopic.
175995362,Thank you all of you so much h I cant even begin to explain how much it helps to know o have people to share my self amd my struggles with .
175995363,"Went out to breakfast earlier, was nice"
175995364,I had root bark in a bag that I used a silver-gold plated Argentinian spoon sucker thingy for _PERSON_
174395690,"Abilify gave me the horrifying combo of sedation and akathisia. I would sleep 20 hours a day, and for the 4 hours I was awake I would be filled with this crippling anxiety and be unable to stop moving. The PHP pdoc was thinking about putting me on abilify + clozaril (there are some studies saying that is a good combo) and I can't imagine being on two sedating antipsychotics."
175995365,been on buspar myself these last 2 days . super upset over the fraudulent events . its working great.
175995366,_PERSON_ you've come so far. See? We can live normal lives maynnn You must feel good You take 10 steps backwards but 11 steps forward. You'll only get better.
175995367,I ate 3/4 of my pizza yesterday but still have one piece left so we can still be pizza ? twins ?
175995368,Started Hidden Depths by _NAME_ last night. So good.
175995369,Get rid of my depression and anxiety. Become a healthy woman and mother again. Find my inner balance again and find back to myself! ??
175995370,Possible trigger: I feel completely alone like it's the end of the world. And I'm not even psychotic. I'm completely not psychotic. Gonna listen to the beatles. I never really gave them a chance. Still awake from extra vyvanse. Gonna take a walk around town. I have to work in the morning.
175995371,"This is a time to work on you, for YOU! Work on your mind, body and spirit. So you can be the best version of you for YOU! We all have things that we would like to change about ourselves, but don’t it for someone else. ?you got this!!!?"
175995372,"I had my phone in my pocket and the facebook app turned on somehow and I posted gifs on friend's pages, and It looked like a posted a picture of an exgirlfriend on my facebook page. Very unsettling! I'm so embaressed."
174395701,"Hey welcome, I post on the bipolar threads sometimes so you may recognize me but I'm mostly here. Feel free to check in we're a friendly bunch"
175995373,Yup... once I'm through I'll do what I've been wanting to do for years.
175995374,"Yeah, it's replacing 600mg of seroquel, so 400mg thorazine. my other AP was increased too. I feel like my brain is numb/tired but a lot calmer, apparently I might lose the weight I gained cause it has less of that issue than the seroquel"
175995375,Going out with friends from church tonight at 5. Kinda nervous tbh
175995376,It’s only gonna get worse if you give up now....
175995377,"thank you so much, i hope you find great help soon too."
175995378,"No just EPA. I should probably put some DHA in and see how that goes. It's not helping at the moment, but maybe a little. I feel like once I add the DHA in and it gets into my system for a while that will start to help."
175995379,You have a life...i spend my days sleeping in bed...i pay for wifi and cable. I barely keep up things i should be doing everyday but am in so much pain that the pile grows.
175995380,"I need to exercise. I used to be so faithful to my routine every day, & it definitely paid off, in so many ways. I stopped doing it a few years ago. I thought I'd get back to it in a short while. I keep hoping I will soon."
175995381,"I'm okay. My sister's still having trouble with her husband. I talked to her yesterday. It was nice to hear from her. I offered to send her some money but she said she is okay right now. She is living away from her hubby, they are sort of separated at the moment. The kids are being moved around with my sister until she can find somewhere sort of permanent to stay. Sort of sucks as it is my oldest nephew's last year of high school but it has to be good for them to be out of the craziness of that house. That's mostly what I talked about in therapy on Saturday."
175995382,I got 5 hours sleep after being up for 27 hours. I took ativan so I should sleep tonight. I don't know why I'm staying awake like this right now. It's not good..
175995383,"You know they say don’t change horses in midstream but sometimes you have to. If you get sick and something is too difficult sometimes you have to change to something easier just to move forward. For me I have a PhD but I can’t do the work anymore, I’m functioning at too low a level so I am going back to school for something else a little bit easier."
175995384,Took my night meds and a lactose pill
175995385,I had a really bad headache for 2 days and it seems to be _PERSON_ a lot now as today becomes less stressful. The pain was at a level 7 this morning when I was up in the middle of the night ruminating.
175995386,Yeah How are you?
175995387,French bread pizza ?
175995388,"Going to my nephews birthday party tomorrow, he's turning 6 I think. I'm worried about being symptomatic during the party but I have no choice but to go."
175995389,Stressed because of grad school. I can't get anything done even though I have all the time in the world... Feeling like kind of a failure...
175995390,"Hey _NAME_, I tried lexapro and unfortunately had a terrible experience but was only on it for about a week so I’m not sure if I am really a good person to help, however, when I was researching it said that sometimes after the first few weeks if you are on a small dose you need to possibly up your dose a little."
175995391,I can’t sleep again. Now it’s because I feel so depressed.
175995392,"Oh, yeah. I relate to that. When I get bad, I always think my neighbors are govt. psies with infrared cameras in my walls and stuff. Do you have any kind of a prn plan for this stuff? We finally made one for me. Right now, it is under really good control, but if it flairs, I am just to add a little Trilafon. Hope you feel better. Hugs!!!!!"
175995393,"You seem to be a very strong person and I know that OCD and anxiety are hard to keep in line, but you have got this. I have been off of Paxil and on Celexa for about a year do to Paxil no longer working. I glad I made the switch, but you seem fine on it and most all companies will keep the formula the same but just change up the look to make their mark on it to show the change in companies. It happens all of the time to be honest. If things change then I would ask for a change or an up or down in dose. This is just what I would do. Stay safe and hope all is well."
175995394,About to take one
175995395,I did it! I wrote something this week!
175995396,Think how you were at your worst without meds. That should be enough to keep you taking meds.
175995397,"I’m sorry I didn’t mean to make u upset. I apologize. I was just saying, it’s ok to say no to things sometimes and focus on yourself. It’s ok to slow down from time to time."
175995398,I didn't mean that it was. I'm just messed up from what I saw. I never seen anything like that. My mom has always been a clean freak.
175995399,its definitely hard to tease out which is which but i do believe they can be comorbid
175995400,I haven't finished it yet but it's really amazing
175995401,I napped for like 3 hours.
175995402,"Got about 5 hours of sleep, better than nothing. Got a somewhat busy day ahead. Laundry, grocery store, bookstore, and talking to my case manager"
175995403,"I’m going to try setting a timer for when I’ll start at 3:30 see if that works. I think part of it is I like to get certain things done before I start. Like normally I’d talk to _PERSON_ on snap but that hasn’t happened today, understandably."
175995404,I found it got less with time. It was hell early and really annoying. Still. It didn’t work out for me and I ended up changing back to zyprexa but it was worth a shot. Hang in there and keep your doc in the loop. I did find that the akithisia did become less for me for sure.
175995405,I'm a dirty slut.
175995406,Thought I'd re-address this one again.
175995407,"When I get dp/dr, my IQ is like 1/4 of what it usually is"
175995408,"Yeah that's the one I found too, I'm gonna try it. I really want to learn touch typing, it's been a goal of mine for awhile now"
175995409,"That sounds delicious! Usually when I get it it's to spicy for me, but runny nose or not, I still love it."
175995410,I've been using a space heater to help with the achiness from the vaccine. When I go home I'll take some ibuprofen.
175995411,"_PERSON_. I was seeing this with the switch. Apparently Walmart has opened its online shopping market to third-party resellers, which allow the prices to be inflated. I noticed with this switch, when it was the 3rd party resellers, the switches were 200-300 times more expensive. And they were being sold by the actual place, like Walmart. Or even amazon. That seems weird that u bought an X for 500. I bought an X at Christmas and it was 400 brand new. Makes me think they have inflated it."
175995412,Do you have a mental health team like a T or Pdoc you can talk to? Or do you have anything PRN you can take that may ease your symptoms? I'm sorry you are going through this
175995413,"I guess I'll have to. I don't expect to always have it on but we could alternate hours. One on, one off. She won't allow that I don't think."
175995414,It would have to be something miniature I think so I don’t have an excuse to eat it all myself...or something I could freeze because the bf is probably not coming over this weekend...wintery mix is expected. Maybe I’ll find a good cookie recipe and freeze half the dough. I was thinking about making a polar bear cookie topper for the cake since I’m not much good a piping. I have the polar bear cutter from last year so maybe this weeks goal will be polar bear cookies of some sort? I’m thinking maybe ginger bread type although those won’t be white unless I ice them completely. I don’t know yet but you’ve given me an idea which is half the battle. wouldn’t that be cool a polar bear on a coconut cake just like the the arctic...a big snowball.
175995415,But the other day it sounded like you're not really taking your meds. They can't help if you don't take them.
175995416,"Took the trash out and checked the mail. Said hi to someone who was checking their mail too.. normally I'm too painfully shy to say anything to anyone. I have to go to family dollar again tomorrow, just to get some household stuff. Couldn't carry any more stuff on my trip today."
175995417,"I would agree if a person has a brain that functions normally. That is not the case for me after the drugs messed up my ability to sleep and relax. _USER_ID_ supplements keeps my brain from being hyper during the day. I don’t feel tired after taking them, it’s more like feeling the way I am supposed to. Being able to sit and relax a minute, yawning…things that most people take for granted. Imagine not being able to lie on a sofa and relax for even a minute every day for many years. That has been the case with me until recent. I just thought I would share this post in case others have similar difficulties from taking drugs, although I guess it’s not a problem for most."
175995418,Evanescence songs on shuffle
175995419,"When I first started my training was about 2 and a half months it was awful. Usually they have training classes after initial training for certain subjects that are one or two weeks. Just happens to work out I have a two week training class, then a one week training class, then another one week training class all back to back to back. Plus I have two concerts I’m going to within that time and I work the next day after each I’m going to be dead on my feet hahaha."
175995420,"Yes, I got a shower this morning!"
175995421,"I'm just drinking some plain, black, iced tea, unsweetened."
175995422,I think I got about 7.5 hours of sleep.
175995423,"Well, no real sleep,. Tried, but, just not happening. Feel pretty okay otherwise, though. I do actually have some motivation this morning, for the first time in a long while. So, might actually be able to at least _USER_ID_ the hospital book. I am still okay for a holiday release, if I can just get going in the next few weeks. It is 90,000 words, so, fairly long. But it is finished. Just need to _USER_ID_ and then send on to my editor, who will of course, shred it, as usual. She is so thoughtful that way. Love and hugs to everyone!!!!!!!!!"
175995424,Joy to the World_NAME_ Gray
175995425,I'm watching TV and looking at schizoaffective memes on Tumblr.
175995426,"I’m emotionally exhausted. I was feeling fine until that interaction. But this happens with most interactions i deal with. I get sad and anxious, and then mad and wanna get even. But then I’m like “just please let it blow over, quickly”. And then I gotta try to calm down. All this from interactions with people. I remember in middle school this boy kept blocking the aisles of the seats and I got upset and muttered “stop or I’ll knock your lights out” and he said out loud “oh yea? Stop or you’ll knock my lights out? Let’s see that.” And he got in my face. I was so embarrassed. I almost cried. I was like 13"
175995427,Bro I do all of this and I don’t have psychotic symptoms or mania but it allows me a boost to do what I need to do on a daily basis
175995428,huge hugs to all. hope everyone has a positive weekend
175995429,"That’s how I feel. I applied to a uni in my state. I keep checking my application profile, even tho it clearly says it’s a 2 to 4 week wait for if I get accepted or not. _PERSON_. But all my documents I need are turned it. There’s check marks by them. So yay."
175995430,Going to church and confession in the afternoon/evening. Nervous but I know I'll feel better afterward
175995431,I feel better. I lost it for a bit.
175995432,Possible trigger: I miss getting high
175995433,"I think I'm not enjoying stuff lately because of either depression or the AP medicine, or both. I did do a couple of paintings this summer so that was good. And I have some books to read, I just feel like not doing anything all the time or just sleeping. I think I need to get started doing something though because then I think I will feel better. I might bake some brownies. Might help the whole wanting chocolate thing."
175995434,Knowing that tomorrow is sunday kills me cuz I'm waiting on business emails. Which dont come on sundays.
175995435,"Nah. That's a guy who obsessively systematizes everything. That's his thing. Being obsessive and systematizing. This is just his latest installment of that. He's a bit too obsessive about ""productivity"" in particular, but that's just his personal motivation that I don't share. His quirky obsessions lead to interesting thoughts, and his thoroughness usually makes for solid logic. That's kind of a weird thing to feel awful about. ""You need structure. Things will go wrong without it, and it doesn't come naturally. It's not as much work if you start early though, and it doesn't take much. Consistency in the way you compartmentalize whatever space you already have is the most important thing. Physical/mental boundaries, cues and associations. Here's a simple way to do it, and here are the trickier traps you'll probably need to watch for. Fill in the blanks as you please."""
175995436,Just being at my moms compassion house for cancer patients is NOT the best time to lower phenibut and NOT have empathy..
175995437,Has anyone experienced memory loss specifically from lamotrigine? I'm trying to learn more about Lamotrigine from others' personal experiences. Thanks! :O)
175995438,"T.E., Glad to hear that you went in to see your doctor and got your rescue med. For a lot of people, just having that reassurance that there is medication to help when needed is enough...and they find they really don't need it after taking it once or twice! Hopefully you can also seek to learn coping skills to manage your attacks/acute anxious times so that you needn't soley rely on the Rx, but can pick up your tools and put them to work when they are needed. Wishing you much relief and progress with this challenge! Give us updates as to how you are doing when you can...and of course post anytime you need support/encouragement. We will be here to cheer you on! S.C."
175995439,It’s not fair to leave you unnoticed. I do understand how sometimes we can be too much for some therapists though. I’d understand if they want to stop but leaving us unnoticed isn’t fair
175995440,"-Didn't cancel the appointment with my PCP today, and actually went to it. -Went for a walk/run -Changed my clothes"
175995441,"I was happy for a moment. Just a slice of life, and then coming back to reality. Shouldn’t it be the other way around?"
175995442,"I think you’d like Medium. It’s a writers website. You can make money off your writing by how many people interact or read your writing. I haven’t made much, but I’m just starting out. It seems hard to get curated too as there’s no formula. But you can join publications and put them in there too. I write about mental health but there’s hundreds of topics, including philosophy. These writings are really good too, not just a random person, these are writings by people who are writers or consider them selves writers, and they are pretty darn good. It’s free to publish and sell your writing, but to read everyone else’s writing is 5 dollars a month. Completely worth it in my opinion."
175995443,"Hi Friends, I'm meh today. IDK why. Maybe because it's almost 9:30 AM and I'm done with my work for the day unless something else comes across my desk. Hmm. No wonder we are on furlough! I hope the sales guys are getting us some work! _PERSON_"
175995444,I own it. It's pretty interesting!
175995445,"_PERSON_, A parent should not have to go through surviving their child. It truly is the hardest thing to endure, I fully believe that. You are going through the normal stages. I know that doesn't make it any easier, but it is fully expected, and there is no right or wrong way to do it....there is no time table that you must try to fit into. You simply need to grieve in your own individual way, and know that it will not always be this hard. You will never stop missing him, but the pain will be less raw and overwhelming eventually. I wish I had words that could comfort. Just know that we do care, and are here to listen anytime. S.C."
175995446,"I suffered with leg cramps for years & finally realized I was not drinking much water daily. I had never been much of a water drinker, I drank a lot of tea. Tea can cause dehydration. I gave up tea 3 years ago & now drink water only & so far no more cramps in my legs or feet. I have been hospitalized due to dehydration & it's very serious to get that bad. Increase your water intake daily & get up & walk around. Take care."
175995447,My new thing is just putting my phone on Do Not Disturb during the day so I can focus on what I wanna focus on.
175995448,Found out at therapy that my therapist lost her dog _NAME_ that’s always there with us during therapy. I started crying.
175995449,"Haldol oddly messed with me, too. It was weird, I was so tired on it. I’m usually a very energetic person, I’m very active and it’s uncharacteristic of me to be tired all the time but Haldol did it. Hated every second of it. (Geodon wasn’t much better for me but I was less tired. Geodon gave me akathisia which also sucked ... lol I have the worst luck with meds.)"
175995450,I'm just stating it. You just have to decide for yourself whether it's worth going or letting it go
175995451,"My appointment with my therapist went well. We talked about the different things I'm doing to manage my anxiety and a lot of other stuff. She recommended a book to me, she's recommended books to me before and I've always enjoyed them so I'm gonna check this one out sometime. It's Year of Wonders by _NAME_. Our next appointment will be in person."
175995452,"Coloring ? Attached Images IMG_2654.jpg (317.4 KB, 13 views) IMG_2653.jpg (404.0 KB, 11 views)"
175995453,Follow dreams _PERSON_
175995454,showered and shaved
175995455,Hahahaha no!
175995456,Sounds like a good plan
175995457,Oh no! Good luck 12am......
175995458,"I'm sure you'll be fine, it's just alarming to have a close call."
175995459,Taking a break from school work........tired.....
175995460,"Recently my sister had a mental health issue that’s been causing me alot of stress and worry. She’s suffered with PTSD, anxiety, depression, and other things for as long as I could remember. I also struggle with a lot of these things. So many things have been going on with me for a while. I am transgender female to male. I’m 21 years old. I was raised by a single father who was very neglectful. I haven’t seen my mother since I was about 6 because she is a drug addict. My dad was in a relationship with a woman whom I loved ever since I met her. Recently she passed away from stage 4 lung cancer. In many ways she was one of the only positive things I had in my life and now that she is gone I do feel very lost and everything around me feels heavy. I was in a relationship with a girl who I had known since highschool. We were together for almost 3 years and I had to break up with her after my step mom passed away because everything was just too much for me to handle. I had surgery at the end of j
uly. My step mom passed away in august. I broke up with my girlfriend in September, and dropped out of college (for a semester) in November. I live with 5 roommates who I don’t feel connected to other than my best friend but even that relationship hasn’t been very strong as of late. I don’t really know where I’m going with all of this, life is just super overwhelming lately and in general my life has always been extremely challenging. I feel pretty numb to it at this point and fear I will reach my limit and simply combust because I don’t feel like I can handle anymore pain. The relationship I was in was very emotionally abusive. I was in constant fear of my partner killing herself and felt I was her only source of hope and happiness. It was exhausting to say the least and I could talk about it for hours but I kind of just want to escape and forget it ever happened. I almost blocked it out of my memory it feels so far yet it only happened not even a year ago. I don’t remember a lot of my childhood 
and though I don’t remember detail I am almost 100% certain that I was sexually assaulted as a child. I was sexually assaulted by my partner as a teen/adult and even after the relationship I was sexually assaulted by someone I barely even knew. I feel so disconnected from everyone and everything. The weight of the world just feels so heavy lately especially with all of the racial injustice and quarantine happening right now. I need help. I feel so lost. It’s so hard for me to talk about things because I just feel like there’s way too much to handle and unpack. This recent event with my sister is hitting me hard. She had some type of dissociative episode and she is just not herself at all at the moment. I have no idea how to help her and I have no idea how to help myself. My father is completely absent at this point from both me and my sisters life because we can’t handle the pain and abandonment he keeps putting us through. I know he’s only human but I can’t deal with the guilt and shame he throws 
upon me. I have no energy to fight with him and that seems like all he wants to do. He did a very bad thing and i cannot find it in myself to forgive him at the moment. I try to overlook all of these things I want to be strong I want to break through I want to be happy I want to rid myself of this emotional burden. I want to run away. I don’t know. I’m all over the place I can’t do it alone anymore. I just want to feel at ease. I’m looking into therapy but my depression is so bad that I hardly have any motivation to do much of anything. If anyone can offer me some help I’d appreciate it."
175995461,So sorry SP
175995462,"Hello aadefegh, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself and share your thoughts with your community; we hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175995463,"I’m asking to see if anyone has taken phenermine for weight loss that is currently taking a anti depressant like lexapro or trintillex. I got prescribed a low dose to start on , wondering if it’s too much and will cause panic ? Has anyone with anxiety GAD taken phenermine??"
175995464,Bluebird I finally got some break and bakes but they’re store brand apparently nestle had a major recall of theirs....what are the odds.
175995465,reality is something that most can share collectively. I believe that's what you said before. Sometimes there' no explanations to things. Like are demons and spirits real? Are there aliens trying to contact us or if the fbi and government officials are stalking and stuff. It may not be true to the extent some may think but there's is some truth to a lot of it.
175995466,"I hosted a farm, it's called Maple Grove"
175995467,"OKay, thank you for your insight...It’s really hard to tell right now. I locked myself in my room right now and if someone wants in they need to break out the keys."
175995468,Yes I have and now taking pregnelone
175995469,I think so much about my past that I start to dream about it at night. It's all I think or dream about.
175995470,"Be careful if you can. In 2013 I was forced to go cold turkey after a 30 year history of taking Klonopin or diazepam every day. I almost died. I was up for 10 days and I was completely psychotic and physically sick. My feet still seize up and the neuropathy and body sensations. I had every symptom in the (_NAME_?) method. There was an initial period of feeling spaced out and at peace, and after that my anxiety was out of control. The only thing I could do was pour myself a glass of wine and sip until the anxiety eased up. I didn't use much but I had to use it everyday. That took about a year. Now I still have anxiety but I'm here where they don't even give a prn. So, probably to control my anxiety I eat tons of candy (mostly hard candy) and it relaxes me a bit. But my weight is out of control. There were much much worse things, but I'm afraid to post about them. So, I don't want anyone to go through any of that if they can avoid it. But don't start taking any wine or liquor with a Klonopin (or any 
other benzo). That will just make it much worse. If you skip the Klonopin, then it should be safe enough to use small amounts of alcohol."
175995471,I'm back on myfitnesspal myself.
175995472,"Yeah, I notice Texas weather has been on the news here lately."
175995473,They are lol. Big pharma only treats ailments. Cbd and weed is like a cure if u use it right and in the right forms.
175995474,"Your doc may need to increase your Zoloft so you feel better like you did at first. They usually start you out lower so you have room to increase if you need to. Worrying is going to make you tense and it will increase the pain in your neck and head area. So try to relax until you see the doctor. Make sure to tell them everything including that you did feel better in the beginning with the Zoloft. I too am real sorry about your brother. Do try to stay positive. And let us know how your doctor appointment goes. We are all here for you. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995475,I started a new roll call
175995476,I got a couple more hours of sleep
175995477,Watching the Possible trigger: protests
175995478,About to make some coffee
175995479,"Yep. I did take my meds and everything else (EPA fish oil, vitamin D, vitamin E)."
175995480,"I'm having an identity crisis again and care too much about what people think. Hopefully when I'm 30-50, my identity will be formed and I won't give af"
175995481,I hope it helps. Let us know how it goes
175995482,Anyone ever just wake up and think to themselves “holy **** how is this actually my life” and then dissociate or whatever and realize they don’t actually care?
175995483,Thanks kitty and SP!!!
174395866,The doc at IP put me on Abilify Maintena and took me off the Thorazine for safety reasons... I start PHP again Monday. Then have 2 days off and go Thursday and Friday.
175995484,"What is everyone playing lately? I've been playing Hades and Bastion. _PERSON_ and WOW also, and Spiritfarer, plus some Sea of Solitude. I've been doing more of a variety lately. It's nice actually to not just be playing the same game all the time."
174395869,"I'm on olanzepine and my positive symptoms are gone. I don't feel like hitting people with plastic shovels anymore. But I'm deciding on what to do now.. I'm looking up what other peoples goals are on reddit. People have very simple and limited goals. I have way too many. A lot of things are important to me and I get bored in a way where I want to learn about technology for example.. But then I think ""Should I be updating my list of things to do?"". I can't do everything at once but I wish I could."
175995485,Lamotrogine...aka lamictal is very good and works even better as a combo...esp an anti dep. It is slow to kick but is a foundation med...stabilizes ua in the background. Periodically have lamo levels checked...if not doing so. Can take a bit to get the therapeutic level. Keep strong. HT.
175995486,_NAME_ What’s going on?
175995487,I thought about playing that but idk if I’d be into it.
175995488,"I have a feeling I won't be getting any sleep tonight, I'm so hyped up about signing the lease tomorrow"
175995489,I need help guys I have never been very good with heights and stairs but over the last few months my fear of stairs has been getting worse now i am to the point that i cannot walk my dog because i can't carry her down the stairs I have tried talking to the doctor but they don't have time to listen all she did was give me tablets for depression i didnt use to be depressed when i could take my dog for a walk for hours i need to get back to that before it is too late Anyone have any tips or know of any medication that might work that can be bought i need to conquer this before it destroys my life completely
175995490,I did that once but it turned out quite bad. Need to try again.
175995491,Just got back from the dog park
175995492,"_PERSON_, I am so sorry to hear that you are still suffering the discontinuation effects. I know that you are extremely strong in your coping skills and sleep hygiene game...so this must just really be a beast of a combo to get off of...so awful. :/ I hope you have a turn around soon my friend. (((((Hugs))))) I had a busy weekend. I teach 3 upper division classes on Friday until nearly seven...and am right back in the studio for a 9-12 block for my younger students. From there I drove, ate and changed for a gig half an hour away and got there with 5 min to spare, and played at the winery that my band is in regular rotation at. So from 1-6...including pack down...I was still 'working' (although I put it in quotes because I LOVE playing shows) Then today I was kitchen bound making apps and desserts for my oldest's daughter's boyfriends birthday party. It was really fun...but you know how socializing can be exhausting...so I am DONE! In my jammies now which I will likely stay in until noon tomorrow, l
ol. Love to all! S.C."
175995493,"In times where we are at our lowest, it can be hard to recognize the things we are doing right. Let me take a moment to tell you what I see in hopes that it might lift your spirits a little. I see a mom who prioritizes her child's needs above her own, While she is probably your main motivation right now to get up and function through the day, you are setting your own needs aside to give her time with her peers to play. That's selfless and brave. You see yourself hiding away to be sad. I see a mother who wants her daughter to be free to be a child and so she shields her from adult things to allow her that opportunity to be a kid rather than try to figure out what's going on and taking responsibilities on herself that are way to much for her. That's amazing. I have had my share of days like this, and I still have them from time to time. What I have learned to do to break the cycle of beating myself up that makes me want to dig in deeper is to try to look at things from a different perspective. And wh
en I can't, I do the other tremendous thing you've done: I reach out for support. Please keep reaching out. We all need a hand back up from time to time, when life knocks us on our rear."
175995494,What's wrong newtus?
175995495,"5-8 inches tomorrow morning, followed by rain all day. This is going to be a lame Saturday, but overall I can't be too disappointed since this is only the second snow storm. I bought groceries for a week, paid my cell phone and internet bill. I did a load o laundery and began cleaning my room but I didn't finish it."
175995496,It’s a nice thought...and it’s always the thought that counts anyway....
175995497,Half a green bell pepper and a _NAME_ cheese stick
175995498,Microwaves are cool
175995499,"I just get like this during the spring/summer months, I always do"
175995500,"I want a couple drinks but it's awkward to go get one because I'm watched to 'make sure I don't drink too much' because of being on meds. I'll admit, I've gone a couple times when no one is looking to have a drink but I'm trying not to do that. Maybe I'll make a pina colada."
175995501,"threads are messing up for me on desktop, I can't see any posts, anyone else have this problem?"
175995502,They're in the oven now
174395881,"Hi, I am new here. I struggle with voices. My psychiatrist and I have tried everything to get rid of them. Some days are better than others. My biggest struggle now, though, is with insomnia. Otherwise, I am doing pretty well. I have been writing a new story and trying to work out more. I had a good therapy session today and finished some errands I had been putting off. Like others, I am eager for fall to arrive. It is scorchingly hot here. I am a cool-weather person."
175995503,"Ramblin' time! So like, my one bird is misbehaving. I got a new bird recently, and she won't leave him alone. She's a lot bigger than he is, and has a much more vicious bite. So, I have to discipline her. Birds aren't like cats or dogs. A dog misbehaves, you beat it's butt. A cat misbehaves, some people squirt it with water, others take a more passive approach. With birds, you can't hit them because it'll literally kill them. You can't squirt them with water because they'll view it as a bath and enjoy it. You can't keep treats away from them because they need a specific diet. You're not supposed to lock them in their cages as punishment. The only thing you're supposed to do is ignore them. I can't do that though. If I ignore her, she flies over to his cage and goes berserk on him. So, as someone that lets his birds fly free all throughout a single room, I did what I wasn't supposed to do and locked her in one of the cages. Not for long, only ten minutes. She wanted out immediately though. The only 
bird I lock in a cage at any other time is the new one."
175995504,"still very sleepy from the zyprexa, slept until the afternoon and I still don't feel fully awake."
175995505,That's amazing!
175995506,Thanks I knew you’d be excited about it
175995507,I still have to come off the trilafon too but I'll wait until I talk to my doctor for that. It's gonna be a lot of adjustments
175995508,I know it’s particularly bad where you are but I know a friend about your age who got it and recovered no problem...so it’s kind of all or nothing thinking to say we’re all going to die from it. Many people will get sick but the majority will live. As far as purpose you’ve got a kitty waiting for you and a future in school. What can you do to make yourself feel more alive? _PERSON_ would be at the top of my list but maybe find some new music to listen to or talk to someone by video chat?
174395885,Zyprexa? Do you mean Zyrtec....it reacts with abilify so....
175995509,"Lol, you should write them a letter, they'd probably send you a free 30ml or more of ejuice."
175995510,"Finished 2 sections for my book and I'm looking at the order of my chapters and it just doesn't look right. I have to reorder some of this stuff, or maybe make a brief introduction, and then revisit each subject in detail. I think that latter is what I should do now that I think about it. My sister and I talked for awhile. She noted my uncle pestering me on facebook with his political views. He really went all in with _PERSON_, he even calls people childish names like _PERSON_. It's weird that I have an uncle that behaves this way. He brings up conspiracy theories so I tell him I will only entertain them if his links comes from reputable news sources. Anyway, I made some progress on my book so I'll eat my dinner and watch a show, and do a little more for the introduction then all asleep, then repeat the week over ad infinitum. Part of me wishes I had the strength to say **** work and collect unemployment as long as possible by saying no to my boss but his business would collapse, though I would mak
e thousands more. This whole situation really shows how ****_NAME_ up our pay is. People working are getting paid less than those collecting unemployment--but I really look at it like this: I was fortunate to have that vacation with paid benefits. I will take another month off this winter I think and finish another book. But honestly, this winter might be the most difficult winter ever. I might lose my job! No one is going to want me in their homes to paint. Sure people want to pay amazon and Netflix, but other than enjoying things in the leisure of their home, I I don't think people are going to open their pocketbooks for much else. This summer and full might be good due to exteriors, but, unless we find new construction, I think we're going to be screwed. Then again, if I have to collect unemployment again for a bit of time, that might not be so bad. I talked to my boss and he didn't want to entertain the possibility of a barren winter."
175995511,Its usps. When amazon has small packages it usually goes to usps. Medium sized usually is anzn mail. Real big packages are transferred to FedEx or ups. But that also depends on where you live and if it's a rural area or city etc.
175995512,Could be an agitated mania/depression.. Enjoy the clonazepam for now.. _PERSON_ watch something good on Netflix now that you're on it..
175995513,I'm also saddened to know that many in our world are suffering right now because of the coronavirus.
175995514,I found out the money is mine. It's a Medicare refund!!!
175995515,I hate sleep. I never want to sleep again.
175995516,Rebox tennis shoes. Their pretty cool.
175995517,"Morning! Good news! The major website I sent my story to wants to publish my story AND make me an official contributor of the website! It's called The Mighty. They partner with MSN, yahoo, the Huffington post, and more! So I may see my story on their partner websites! Omg!!!"
175995518,I'm glad to hear that
175995519,Too much coffee. Sickness. I have the sickness.
175995520,"Just try to be open with the landlord, be honest and explain all this to him. He might understand, you will never know if you don’t try to talk to him."
175995521,"It’s scary to think about breaking the cycle. I think about how past relationships have molded me into a woman lacking self esteem, confidence and the will to stand up and fight for myself. It’s so much easier to sweep problems under the rug. Then I don’t have to dig deep into why I have these problems. I have always chalked my mental health issues to family genetics. Again, it’s been so much easier to blame a family history of mental health issues. It’s a chemical imbalance- here’s some meds. Or I could have been a witness to it my whole life. Maybe it’s a combination. My mother is perfect in my eyes- beautiful, intelligent, caring, honest, funny, well liked. She is my person in this life. My father grew up in an abusive household. I remember when I wanted to go on an expensive school trip in high school. My dad said the only reason I’m going is because his mother would never let him and he’s going to break the cycle. Just last year in therapy, at the age of 36, I scratched the s
urface of some issues I had with my father and opened a wound. From the outside world my dad seemed to have it all- a beautiful wife, 2 great kids, a career in which he was respected, a home he worked hard for, hobbies, friends. Then what was it about us, or his life that made him need to escape? Where was he escaping to? Why did I have to figure out in grammar school what drugs were because of him? I’d find him retreating to his office. I’d put my ear up to the door to hear the “sniffs”. I’d snoop around when he wasn’t home to find the paraphernalia. Why does he smoke weed every day? Why did my mother and brother have to go pick him up from jail because he got caught drinking and driving. He knew I was aware of all of this. It just never got talked about. And it seemed my mother did nothing try to stop it. I don’t know what transpired between my parents, all I know is that it doesn’t stop. So it made me believe if he could get away with everything then so could I. It made me have this arrogan
ce that I could get away with being reckless as a teenager and adult. It’s almost like a chase- what could I get away with today. I’m not him. I’m not my father. I’m a wife and a mother, and they need and rely on me. I haven’t always been there for them, especially my husband. I need to be there for myself more too. I have been selfish and naive thinking if I just sweep some of my problems under the rug they’ll go away. I hate the cycle. I have my own cycle I’m stuck in. I’m so sick of it. I have this fantasy of confronting my father and asking him a life time of questions. Maybe one day, but I think some things need to happen in my own life with healing first. I have such a long journey ahead of me."
175995522,"Charging my headphones. My knees actually hurt less right now yay! They've been messing up my meds. Giving me 400mg Motrin instead of 800mg, refusing to give it to me at all. There's a sadistic nurse here who won't let me have any Motrin even though the doctor has it for me. There are some bad things happening here. My friend ordered me the root beer I asked for, but not sure if he ordered the Cokes. I need them desperately. I didn't force the issue about the Fanta Orange. But I hope I'll get some soon. What this place needs is a drinking water tank in the lobby. Then it would be easy to make tea. Assuming it had a hot water tap. I miss my tea in the late morning. I always had some and it's so good."
175995523,"It's good that you'll talk to your therapist tomorrow. It might help - Also to talk about quick coping techniques and just someone to talk to. I hope you live a long happy life. Right now everything is weighing on you and you're in a bad place but it'll get better don't be hard on yourself... If you need help about those thoughts then call a family member, friend, talk here and vent if you want.. I get those thoughts sometimes but it's much better to live - You have to find a way to become well and it's hard. Last year I wrote down only 1-2 things to do for the day because of all the dissociative panic attacks - Now I do much more. Some days are bad and others are good or ok. *hugs*"
175995524,"I definitely understand this and have been there. I’m not sure if this will work for you because everyone’s different but sometimes I will recognize that it’s okay to feel what I’m feeling and let out my emotions for about 5 to 10 minutes. Then I try to think of things that keep me going and sometimes that helps motivate me to get up and continue to fight off those feelings and go about my day. Even if I still have those feelings after getting up sometimes they won’t be as extreme. It’s really hard, I know. And I’m not even sure if that’s a proper coping mechanism but I find that sometimes it helps me."
175995525,"I have had the same for years but they’ve all gotten worse during Covid. I think the isolation is the main cause as well as getting married and realizing it triggers old feelings from the past. I’ve had to do a lot of hard work just to survive lately. I was advised to do a breathing exercise when I feel bouts of overwhelming sadness or depression. You breathe in for 4 counts, hold for 4 counts and then breathe out for 4 counts. You repeat it for about 5-6 times. It helps w preventing a full blown panic attack as well. I hope this will help you and feel free to message me."
175995526,Hi I would suggest that you make an appointment with your doctor and see what they suggest. _PERSON_
175995527,Nice day here too. Had a good sleep. I feel good. Last time I had psychotic symptoms was when I smoked too much weed 2 months ago on the hike and was talking to the mormons. Not sure what I'm gonna do today. I'll try to work on the routine that I'm making. Just organize my notes is a real pain cuz I don't like reading psychotic scribbles.
175995528,I may chew this gum called Respawn by the gaming brand Razer. It’s for mental enhancement and clarity.
175995529,"Great job man, even the smallest task can be the biggest hurdle im proud you bro. keep it up."
175995530,"I feel alone in my life, I have no one to talk to that wont think i am insane for my feelings and thoughts, not that they are over the top, im just always, ""over dramatic"" and such. Today is just one of those days that feel triggered and easliy offended."
175995531,I had no idea. I really done want to have to see a psychiatrist just for this. It might cost a small fortune. I will figure something else.
175995532,"Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy by _NAME_, M.D."
175995533,Are you serious? I can’t tell.
175995534,Another spinach salad
175995535,"I saw Pastor _PERSON_ last night. By saw I mean on Skype. We talked about goals and such. And basically I am working on one goal right now and I'm pretty happy with the way my life is generally speaking, just that one thing that I am working on. He suggested that we go to every other week. I was happy about that because I was thinking about seeing him less, or not seeing him. He said though that if I get triggered or something comes up to text him and we can work out a time to talk. He was very precious because he was like, I don't want you to think I am abandoning you, or dumping you. I didn't think that. I was happy that we are going to talk less because it was getting difficult to have anything to say. So this is good. It is less contact which I wanted, but still if I need him, he will be there for me, which is good. I'm anxious today. I don't know if it is that I am going to see him less, or if it is totally unrelated. I have general anxiety disorder so I had to check on everyone today and make 
sure they were okay. Luckily my Dad got up and I got to talk to him before work. So I know he is okay. I might have to take some anxiety medication because my anxiety is through the roof. I'm doing deep breathing but it isn't helping all that much. HUGS to anyone who wants one, _PERSON_."
175995536,Took all my meds uninterrupted. I almost missed them last night but I caught myself.
175995537,Everything is overwhelming. My anxiety is getting the best of me. I'm scared... Of everything right now. I don't know what's real and what's in my head.
175995538,"I did so much already. Tried to get lab work done and I couldn't. And the lady there at the lab was not nice to me at all. I'm not easily swayed by people. Thing is I came in as a walk-in and I said I had a question about the payment. And she said immediately, ""we cant help u with paying for it"". Wow. That wasnt what I was gonna ask. I was gonna ask how much I NEED TO PAY cuz of medicare only pays 80 percent. I didnt need help with the payment. Anyway she turned me away cuz something that was written on the lab request. Fck it. Fck her too. I gave my apartment 60 day notice. I hope we dont have to pay early termination fee and just a transfer fee. Since these two complexes are owned by the same company."
175995539,I am well. How are you?
175995540,"Hello I noticed you said you’ve had anxiety disorder , how are you dealing with it ? Trying to talk to as many people as possible as far as what I can do"
175995541,"So, we're still quarantined with no one telling us anything. I'm getting a little freaked out that it might continue until maybe May 10th. I still haven't opened my last disposable. Glad of that. But I need more supplies. Please don't make us be locked in for another month."
175995542,"Today, what did I do. Just am in a much better mood today since I was able to adjust my meds over the weekend after calling the on-call psychiatrist for my pdoc. I went running the past two days, and that is making me feel clear-headed, for sure, in combination with the meds, of course. I think olanzapine turns down the dials on my negative thinking, rumination, and severe anxiety. That is a good thing. Oh and also I am reducing my coffee intake at night. Because it's probably ruining my sleep."
175995543,I've gotten some pretty strange and scary visual and audio hallucinations. I think it's the spirits playing mind games on me.
175995544,Must be weird being on the other side of that.....
175995545,"Hey , I'll post. but seriously i am so tired. I need to sleep but i can't slow down. oh i have a meme if i can find it. I can't find the one i want right now but in its place i have a funny talking dog video. Tams the tired YouTube"
175995546,"Trying to read a bunch of self help books and novels with no luck. Can't focus, can't even muster motivation to read once I open my Kindle app. But hey, I always BUY new books, so I have hundreds. _PERSON_."
175995547,What's SOS?
175995548,I'm 71 and Had a nervous breakdown 20 years ago still recovering from constant anxiety moments. Taking Ativan and _PERSON_ root. Now trying Zoloft.....not sure about burning feeling in heart area. How should I go by this?
175995549,Ahh it feels so nice in here with the heat on. So toasty cozy
175995550,Well i got involved in a great webinar for world bi polar day... Anyone else do anything to mark the occassion? HT Feel totally alone here. HT
175995551,"No, not today. Tomorrow for sure."
175995552,"Oh yea, we’ve decided to go ahead and move into my moms new house she bought in this town. Temporarily. There’s no way I’ll be able to get my credit up. In fact it’s down to 400s now. Well 499. Why? Idk. But it’s gonna take a long time to fix that. We decided a year. I guess. At 1400 a month. I’m applying to jobs again, but I applied to work at home customer service call center. I applied to tech support jobs tho that require nothing to apply. They will teach u tooo. If I can get an extra 600 in a month, we can afford 1400. I calculated it. We’d have 500 left over to spend, after bills, not including stuff we want to buy. Only stuff we need. Bills, groceries, phone line, etc Of course she’s asking for a deposit, and pet deposit. Not on the cat tho. And no pet fee monthly. I could put that deposit toward my credit and still not get ahead in time."
175995553,"Something like this https://www.orientaltrading.com/gold-bi ... 65522.fltr but blown up to be the size of a living room. I would describe the interior as being set up like a honeymoon suite (3rd image here https://www.theknot.com/content/outrage ... oon-suites). The person I was put into the cage with was a typical _NAME_ type, blonde hair, white dress. It occurs to me now that it was a whole lot like the zoo exhibit the lead character is put in by aliens in Slaughterhouse Five. Like I was supposed to be forced to breed with this person, but I rejected that and refused to take part in such things. Kinda weird that this was how I was thinking at such a young age before hormones kicked in. Similarly at that age I had a dream at one point that there were like six women and I was supposed to pick one for an arranged marriage, and they each thought they would win me over with different traits, but I just wanted to reject it all. There was some sort of episode of _NAME_ the Honey Bee that I watched as we
ll at that age that had some sort similar feeling for me, but I don't know the specifics. Basically, I was already wired to reject any sort of affection."
175995554,Hi BB!
175995555,Hi! I'm new here but looking for some support or advice. My older sister has recently been diagnosed with bipolar depression. I have just recently (within the past year or so) noticed changes in her personality. I have no idea where to begin to understand what she is going through or how to support her but I am already feeling overwhelmed. My sister and I are very close in age and I feel as though my parents are always worrying about her and her problems and so it has put a huge strain on my relationship with them as well as my relationship with my sister. I am looking to maybe join an online support group and/or am seeking advice for people in similar situations.
175995556,that's never been something i've thought about.
175995557,Emotional Abusers Don't Want You To Know These Four Gaslighting Tactics | Betrayal Trauma Recovery Institutional Betrayal and Gaslighting: Why Whistle-Blowers Are So Traumatized | Article | NursingCenter Some very useful links to educate yourself on how best to deal with Voices and mobbing. Thank you.
175995558,"Hi, _AT_MENTION_!!"
175995559,"Gorta fair bit of editing done, so, that was nice. Moving along, coming nicely together. Is anyone here an expert on juvenile brain development vis a vis the criminal justice system? As in, trying not to sentence kids who offend without taking strong account of their limited judgment and tendency to take risks? Just curious."
175995560,Got World of Final Fantasy Maxima It’s like pokemon with final fantasy combined It was 50 percent off
175995561,"I had therapy with my pastor last night. When I had therapy with my regular _PERSON_ on Saturday she was saying I was having a delusion and I was arguing with her that I wasn't. Then it got brought up with pastor _PERSON_ too and he said it was a delusion. And I was arguing with him. I don't know how helpful that is. There's two people telling me it is a delusion so maybe I should trust that, but isn't there also that thing that says the probability of one person being right goes up exponentially with the number of people telling them they are wrong?"
175995562,I was about to do twitch again and then I started to get anxious. Idk why. I don’t feel good right now.
175995563,"It doesn’t affect me too severely. Only thing severe is the 3 to 4 day migraines and with certain antipsychotics they help it. Minor things are I can’t laugh too hard and not take large breaths in between cuz apparently I can die from laughing too hard. It cuts off the circulation to that hard where the Chiari is. In people who don’t have it, they are free to laugh their a— off. I also have a bit of bad balance. I’ll stumble from time to time. I am also unable to balance on one foot. Never have been able to cuz of that. Another recent thing I found out is it also affects your ability to swallow. So I have a hard time slowing things and I can choke easy. I found that out when I choked on a slice of tomato when I was 9 and my parents just watched me. I had to pull it out of the back of my throat by myself. But I have a chiari malformation 1. Which is extremely minor. Except for the migraines. It’s said that if you have a chiari 3 or 4 and sometime a 2, you are considered to have spina bif
ida."
175995564,"so our neighbors are arguing and broke up.. 5 am the guys now ex girlfriend busted their window and clime through the window and the guy was like ""what the hell are ou doing"""
175995565,"I talk to my mom and sister face to face. Doctor over the phone, psychologist over video chat, boss over video chat. My real life friends is 99% texting. Everyone else I tend to avoid talking to at all. I’m supposed socialize more too. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175995566,My zodiac sign is Cancer
175995567,tnx dear??
175995568,Read your post!? More On Chronic Illness Get Moving With Chronic Illness Growing Through Adversity
175995569,"This. Interesting. With a PD, emotions are already in control in certain areas. For instance, NPD forum regulars usually lash out if a guest on NPD forum expresses a sorrow, suggesting they've been wronged by a NPD partner. Emotions are everywhere, subjacent, so might as well get closely acquainted and ride them."
175995570,"Thank you Valley, probably not enough to eat. I've been drinking a lot of water so I'm hydrated, maybe I'll make something. I had scrambled eggs and oatmeal but that was at 7 in the morning, it's 11:30 now"
175995571,I am up early this morning. Just doing some personal writing this morning. So that is good.
175995572,It’s possible. Just how your body reacts to meds. Idk if vraylar is supposed to be weight neutral but even with antipsychotics that are supposed to be weight neutral can cause weight gain.
175995573,"You are here for a reason, your story is empowering! Don’t let your thoughts consume what could be the best version of you. You have come a long way. Square one is where you want it to be! Look how far you have come!!!??this is your story"
175995574,I showered
175995575,"I haven’t been out of the house for 2 months much, except for today."
175995576,Just put in requests for 5 books and 3 DVDs from my library. Might as well stock up on stuff to read/watch. Plus I have ebooks as an option too so that's cool. They'll call me when my stuff is ready to pick up
175995577,I'm gonna take an olanzepine and phenibut. I have absolutely no choice.
175995578,I'm glad some things are going ok again.
175995579,I'm listening to The Silent Patient on audible. It is making the day pass and I am less troubled by the hallucination/delusion/whatever it is. I worked on the scanning project but ran out of room on my computer and so I had to message the tech guy.
175995580,Good morning I'll be spending the day with my family as per usual on Sundays. Looking forward to having a stalker-free day.
175995581,I know it’s crazy......
175995582,Thanks but I’m good! I had a trainer for a couple years and learned a lot. I work different muscle grows on different days and throw in some cardio.
175995583,"I find all of that is true, also. I probably don't have the energy level I had before I started taking an anti-depressant. But I can handle less energy, but I probably couldn't handle as well being depressed. Glad you have the will to do things. I don't have as many hours in the day to do things because for one, I sleep longer because my medicines slow me down and help me go to sleep at night. But then I don't wake up as quickly in the morning because of those same medicines. But I just have to be glad for the sleep. Are you doing OK with your sleep? As I mentioned before, I take Melatonin from the health food or grocery store, or over the net. It helps me sleep and is not a doctor sleeping pill. Is your sleep OK? Also, are you trying to reduce canned food, because of the high salt that it has in it, which is listed on the back of the can? I was told frozen food is better than canned food, and that fresh food is the best for you. They call fresh food unprocessed. Of course, at times, we might have 
to resort to those others, but I'm trying to go more for frozen or fresh food. As noted, this website has a ""Diabetes"" forum where the moderator, _NAME_, gives a lot of good information. By reading the questions and replies, you can get a lot of help, including how to reduce the chances of getting diabetes. Glad to hear you are ""trying to be positive before helping a problem I have though. I think it kind of works ya. That's cool"" Yeah, that works for me, too. Try to keep thinking that way, especially when things going tough. Yes, I find myself wanting to eat things I shouldn't. That is very difficult for me. Right, I think when we're not getting out and we are sad, we do tend to eat more. I can remember going through entire meals without eating a thing, I was so excited about talking to other people at the table. And when I worked, having quick, light lunches and it didn't bother me. Now, I seem to be eating to make up for the lack of socialization. I use to get by on just the adrenaline from being aroun
d people. Also, the medicine increases my appetite. So it's a dual problem. Along this line, the road I used to walk on is causing me problems. But I try to stay positive and think of ways I can exercise, different roads I can take, rather than just look at the one I can no longer walk on right now. It's an exercise of the mind, of staying positive. Tonight, for instance, I took my trash can down front for pickup by the garbage truck. And then while I was out, I just walked repeatedly partway around my old street for my same 30 minutes of exercise. Maybe, there is a hospital near you that has an exercise or gerd group, that walks once or twice a week. Can you look on the net for a nearby hospital that offers an exercise program. Maybe look on the net for ""Gerd health group for my home town"". 12"
174395975,"Do you think your antipsychotic could be increased? Perhaps that would help your level of functioning. I know psychosis has been debilitating in the past to me. I remember distinctly when I was taking Abilify it didn't help with the psychosis. Of course that could be different for you. I remember Zyprexa being the best for psychosis for me. That or Risperdal... Also, do you think you could go to the grocery even briefly to get enough stuff for a few days?"
175995584,"Went to Walmart, got cinnamon rolls, a pumpkin pie, pumpkin donuts, taco kit, and a few other things."
175995585,"It's come time that i ask my psychiatrist for Ketamine, come off my mood stabilizer, and keep on juggling my sleep meds. That's what i have to do."
175995586,"Yes I did, and I washed my hair."
175995587,Nice show us a pic when you’re happy with it ?
175995588,I feel anxious today for some reason.
175995589,I thought you had found a great new church by your new place?
175995590,"It’s not uncommon for us to have these moments it’s recognizing them and talking about them that truly makes us feel better and not so alone. I hope you’re getting on better this week, day or moment....whatever it is you live your life in."
175995591,She hasn’t been on Pc for five days....that’s unusual...hope she’s ok.
175995592,Thank you!!!
175995593,"SK you look great, but for some reason I always pictured you as a blonde....don’t ask me why?"
175995594,Back in the day zines had just like cutouts and stuff that was pasted together not computer software....they were often made by people who just knew someone who worked at a copy shop.....
175995595,"It's very good to realize that dp/dr isn't suffering but ""Using the storm to benefit yourself"" And eventually in the future, I can help people that cross my path that are dealing with the same problem as I am now."
175995596,no not today
175995597,I'm down to 165 pounds... holy **** man I can't believe I'm down that much.
175995598,"I am going to try to get on the schedule for every week or every other at the very least. Yes, I do have a second job. I work at Walmart in the online grocery pickup area. I like it. It is weirdly relaxing. Since I am just a worker there, I get to go in, do the job, and leave without taking it home with me. I find it relaxing because I am busy while there and cannot dwell on my other job or myself. I just focus on the task at hand. It is a nice break from life actually. I have actually been holding in there since I wrote this post. I am dwelling less on death, which is nice. But, like it always seems, I am never too far from the edge of the cliff when it comes to my mental health."
175995599,That sounds cool. Kind of a stream of Consciousness thing? Or more a day in the life of …
175995600,Hi Sorry to hear you are having a tough time at the moment. I would suggest you go and speak with your doctor and see what they suggest it might be that you just need a small increase in your medication or maybe a switch to a new one. _PERSON_
175995601,"That is true, but also really rewarding. I have friends that are peer support specialists. They love the job, but it is hard."
175995602,Add me to the list...
175995603,"When not tolerant to a stimulant, the first few doses can cause anxiety. When tolerant to a stimulant, it becomes your friend. It wants to stick around and clings on. Without, you start to panic due to lack of stimulation."
175995604,"Possible trigger: My doctor is trying to kill me, it’s all a big joke to her Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175995605,I'm not happy unless I'm wearing odd socks.
175995606,I miss the kids but whoever feed the kids the ******** about me can **** off. I’m not angry at the kids but every ounce of me is gonna freak out because now the kids hate me even though I didn’t do anything to them.
175995607,My NP put me on Vraylar.
175995608,I just tried to take a shower and my shower head broke so I'll have to have maintenance over tomorrow
175995609,"I can’t wait to see my psych on Thursday. I wanna open up to her. Talk about what’s on my mind. It’s frustrating keeping it all in but I don’t feel ready to talk to my family. I should be honest. I’ve had these feelings on and off for years back and forth. C’mon, Thursday."
175995610,I haven't had to use my buspirone for quite some time.i had some left but the bottle said to discard after 2015 date.is it still safe to use?thanks
175995611,"I feel like I'm trapped in an anhedonic, antipsychotic sedated mind. I want more than what my mind can do on these meds. I have more motivation in my head but it's like my environment holds me back. I can't focus for very long"
175995612,My joy cons have been in the airbrush dept for a week now. Over a week.
175995613,"From observation, I'd say that you attach too much importance to minor things. I've noticed that you worry about harmless comments you make and you attribute too much personal stuff onto comments made to you."
175995614,omg I have 100 nintendo switch games on my wishlist haha
175995615,Just got a call from fiances mom. His dad went into cardiac arrest. Which is why his dads defibrillator shocked him.
175995616,"Ive been told in the United States its designed for ""control"" purposes. To control gang and cartel activities and to bring them to justice. It is not designed for civilians although in many countries they have become subject to the system for many reasons. The first question I have is do you fear and feel safe talking about this?"
175995617,"[QUOTE=newtus;6900223]Oh, thank u. Very sorry if I am annoying u."
175995618,"I struggle with not wanting to do anything also _AT_MENTION_ Usually I just push myself to do it. I don't always feel better having done it, but I feel better that I did it. Does that make sense? _PERSON_"
175995619,"Between all my successes and troubles the past 10 years or my life, the thing that stings the most is my lack of familial relationships."
175995620,"Thank you, I’m mostly looking for other people with panic disorder and if they’ve had emotional episodes like this before. Antidepressants are not really an option for me anymore, based on my gene test results I just cannot take barely any of them and have tried the ones that are “approved” for me to only have adverse effects. I have also tried the starting off at 1/2 dosage for all but thank you for your input!"
175995621,My parents went to buy more TP and hand soap today. Also paper towels.
175995622,Hi there. I agree. Please get help. You are brave for reaching out here but get yourself better and live your best life!! You will be soooo glad you did. Stay safe and be well.
175995623,Also I put fertilizer in my semi-dying plant to see if I can revive it. Hopefully it starts growing again.
175995624,I’m so incredibly lonely
175995625,"Hi. I'm new here. I'm hoping that someone can help me out. My wife, by her own admission, has ""a temper so violent that she can easily kill someone in her rage."" She is on three different prescript ion medications for her temper : (1) a sedative to take the edge off of her anger ; (2) a mood stabilizer & (3) a powerful tranquilizer that she is suppose to take when she feels her temper is running away with her. The last one is the problem. She flares up so quickly that there isn't time for her to take the tranquilizer. Tonight we were spending a calm, relaxing evening together. Then the phone rang and it was a telemarketer. Even though she was on the phone with him for only about half a minute, when she hung up, she was furious and started yelling at me : ""I'm seething! I'm too angry!! I need my pills!!! MY PILLS!!!!"" I quickly ran to to get her purse but before I even had a chance to come back, I heard a loud crash -- she had flipped over the kitchen table. When I got back in the room with her 
medication, she threw a kitchen chair at me ... which barely missed me. Once she is in a full-blown rage like that, I couldn't give her the meds because it is impossible to even talk to her and I quickly left the house because it isn't safe to be anywhere near her when she is like that. I came back several hours later when she was asleep to find the place looking like it was hit by a hurricane. This happens all the time. Something gets on her nerves and her temper runs away with her before she has a chance to take her tranquilizer and she ends up trashing our home. Her doctor isn't of much help. His answer is that the tranquilizer isn't going to work if she doesn't take it. We know that. The problem is that her temper runs away with her so quickly that there isn't time for her to take it. Any suggestions / recommendations would be appreciated. Thanks in advance."
175995626,"Well, the point isn't really sticking with the specific interest group but not hating it while you are part of it."
175995627,"Hello again, I am glad to have found this site again. I lost my phone information in the last upgrade and lost the site information and I completely spaced the name, but I found it so I am glad. Weird times we live in now. I guess I will start by saying my fiancée's father died on the first of April. Not related to the covid. I was actually the one who found him dead. It looked like he went in his sleep. I honestly thought he was sleeping when I found him. His arm was cold, but his back was warm. I couldn't tell and got my fiancée to help me because his father has been known to be a heavy sleeper and this wasn't the first time I have had to get him to wake him. But when he tried to turn him over, rigor had already set in. He took it hard and I have had to be a support that I have never had to be before. The next news is that my roommate lost his job in October and I have been trying to run a house of five(six for several months for a friend who wasn't a friend) by myself. I am run down, but I hav
e been able to keep working and finding side work for my fiancée to make extra cash for us. I will be honest, I went from 240lb to 170lbs now. It wasn't overnight but I am glad I have changed in that way. I didn't diet, I literally changed everything about how and what and when I ate. I exercise more and even more these last couple of months because of the pandemic. I help both my mom and my grandmother with shopping since they are both considered at risk. Mom has settled down quite a bit. I down mince words with her as much, but I also found just distancing with her helps. She appreciates me more because she doesn't see or talk to me as much. Plus she has seen how my brother who lives with my grandmother doesn't take care of her or feed her or shop for her, so she doesn't have an issue at all with me shopping for her because she certainly doesn't. People helping actually surprises me. We have had a lot of support from people offering side jobs or just helping us with a little money. I work at a gas station 
so I am an essential worker but to be honest it is exhausting having to work right now and support a grieving fiancée. He is getting better, but it is definitely a strain on me doing everything including going through paperwork for his father since his father wasn't very organized. Not to mention he was supposedly adopted but can't find any paperwork for his adoption anywhere. Everything was in his father's name so Bill paying is going to get weird. I paid for everything though, just in his name. I am still assistant manager and I have been offered to work in my own store, but I need a car of my own and that also requires me to get a license. I have never actually learned to drive a car. Not to mention the car we do have is on its last legs so we are in a tight spot right now. I'm not ok. I don't even know what to say when people ask. I am just trying to go day by day right now. It doesn't help I have a heart condition and my fiancée is terrified of losing me too since he doesn't have any family either. I a
m glad to have found this again though. I can admit when I need to work through some heavy stuff."
175995628,I hope so How have you been _NAME_?
175995629,"Well, if you are having trouble breathing, it might be time to go in."
175995630,Do you think it might be a kitty flu? Seems she was fine until last week or something.
175995631,Oh my dear. Sorry to hear that i have the same problem too and i still have no idea what to do. Maybe you can find a help online. It isn't necessary to see a doctor in person. Connect to a therapist via a secure site. Hope you will find the best help soon
175995632,Five star island woot woot! So basically my island is total festivale right now!
174396029,"Welcome to the forum! I hope you're able to find something to help with the insomnia, I struggle with it as well It's taken me a long time to find a combo of meds that really help with the voices so I hope you can find something to help with them too. Glad you had a good therapy session"
175995633,I'm allergic to neosporin. I will use polysporin. I have that.
175995634,I will probably use one right now thank you
175995635,"Well, sort of ! , the thing is once you know you know, you can't unlearn what you know as reality or an example of political strategy. Like the saying says ( You can wrestle with reality, though don't expect to win) This for me sums up 2020!"
175995636,Great job SP!!!
175995637,"Last night I was playing a bunch from my girls-madonna, _NAME_, _NAME_, and _NAME_ with Garbage"
175995638,I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want t
o go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go.
175995639,Hi _NAME_. How do you cope with the loss? I just want to end the pain I’m going through. I’ve lost all hope for us. We are not yet separated but she reminds me all the time that she is no longer in love. She finds nothing that I do can help her rekindle anything. How do you cope with it? I’ve never been so broken in my life. I want this to end.
175995640,I'm waiting for my mom to come home like an abandoned new puppy _USER_ID_: I'm gonna clean more of the house up a little bit
175995641,"Found the keys! Two nurses did, not me. I did a chart on it earlier and I nailed it. I'm so glad I didn't jump ahead and ask them to change my locks!"
175995642,Please don't take your life. You are loved and your loved ones would be devastated. There is hope and help despite what your negative thoughts are telling you
175995643,6 more months and im out.
175995644,Just found this documentary on the Science Tab on Discovery+
175995645,"This time of year, in spite of the spirit of giving & love, may be filled with memories, unfinished grief, unfulfilled wishes, & not enough sunshine. So let us comfort each other & find strength in our own special ways. I am so grateful to be here. I wish all of you your dreams come true!!"
175995646,That sucks...so sorry.....
175995648,_NAME_Help from Heaven
175995649,I already put up my tree too lol
175995650,"Oh my gosh.....what was I thinking....the past matters not at all....""As you sow, so shall ye reap"" A simple I am sorry goes a long way."
175995651,Thanks he was my grumpy old man baby. Had him from a couple weeks old to 19 years had a good long life. Have fun with the kitten!
175995652,"Yes, shaved my head too!"
175995653,"I currently go to graduate school and work some, but it's taken a lot of effort and trial and error with meds to get to this point. I am hoping to be able to hold a full-time job when I graduate from grad school. Oh, and also, don't beat yourself up for having an illness. It is an illness. It's not your fault."
175995654,"I really like _NAME_ poems They're kooky and weird but kinda deep and raw too. I have a few of his poem books . A couple of my faves, the best often die by their own hand just to get away, and those left behind can never quite understand why anybody would ever want to get away from them _NAME_"
175995655,_USER_ID_: yeah don't do that... dont take that advice.. it's un researched... I'll give better advice soon...
175995656,Hello Wishing all a very happy healthy New Year. I’m suffering from severe anxiety and phobias driving and going out at times. Especially now since COVID. It is an ongoing issue. Especially driving phobia. I’ve been in groups in the past. Overcame driving but now it’s back. My 14 year old is annoyed I won’t drive far. I am single/divorced. Doing it mostly on my own . I really want to do whatever it takes to not allow this anxiety and fear of panic ruin my life.
175995657,"I'm super impulsive. The thing is though, that the grad program was bad to start out with. It's just hard to justify how/why I did it for a year and a half though. I think I like it to some degree but now they won't let me back in."
175995658,My dad used to take unemployment from time to time but he was union.....as far as I know he just had to add his name to a hiring list for the union so it was Much easier.....
175995659,You have come back.. How was these 6+ months?
175995660,Yeah don’t trade one _NAME_ for another one like orthorexia.
175995661,"No I didn't take one. I only took 3 this week =] That's less than half of what I usually would take.. I'm slowly tapering myself off, will try and go 1 month without and then use only for psychedelic flashbacks... Cuz they're the only things that work for them.. And it's horrible that nothing else works for dissociative psychedelic flashbacks... I panic so hard sometimes and it lasts for hours.. Could possibly last for days if I don't reset my mind on alprazolam or lorazepam. I took 60mg of CBD though. I feel much better. Gonna have a cammomile tea. I agree that if people are put on benzos, they should never be forced to cold turkey like what happened with so many people...."
175995662,I’m the opposite..I started out as atheist just because I was never brought up to believe and couldn’t see the logic in it....nothing to do with not getting things. While I was sick I prayed for one thing...for the voices etc to stop...next day I got a med that worked. I promised god that if he fixed me I would believe. Thing is many years have passed and I wonder you know was it just the meds...I’m pretty fact based so I can see it that way....but I did promise at the same time so where does that leave me would my psychosis come back if I stopped believing? Idk it’s tricky...never have managed to convince myself that church is right for me though. In my family we never went to church so it feels super odd to take the Bible literally I don’t believe it to be fact based so much as lesson based like a story.
175995663,^ Nice. I think that leaves me a tad jealous
175995664,"UGH. I contacted a friend to have her help me with how I'm feeling, which is bad, depressed etc. And she was like, maybe it's the weather. ???? Not sure how that was helpful. I want to be like, no I'm pretty sure that's not it. But I don't want to be rude."
175995665,Saw _PERSON_ on Saturday. T said I am numb a lot. Yeah that's probably true. Wonder if I will thaw out and have multi-colored feelings?
175995666,dr just increased my meds also . its quite an adjustment for me. so tired all the time but must say i am very calm and serine now. the election tru me into a nose dive.
175995667,"Try meditating, it helps me. _PERSON_, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175995668,"Around 6 months ago, my friend was having an anxiety attack and said he was having *S* thoughts but had no idea why. He didn't want to hurt himself during that moment, but the intrusive thoughts came. Recently, I had an anxiety/panic attack as well and those intrusive thoughts came as well. It's scary and intrusive and I know it's not a representation of me or anything that I want. I can be anxiety attack free and happy for a year, but the minute an attack happens those dark thoughts enter the mind. Is there a connection between having an attack and having those accompanying thoughts? I give myself a hard time the next day and start obsessing about why those intrusive thoughts happened and then I can't stop obsessing about it. It's definitely scary. I do understand what my friend went through now. Post Edited By Moderator (_PERSON_ Cat) : 7/29/2019 7:54:02 PM (GMT-6)"
175288791,"I am so sorry you are having a tough time. One thing I have started doing is putting my depression in a more normal category. Like, if I am having a bad day with my asthma, I know I need to take it easy and it's just temporary. So, now I think of my depression as a bad brain day. I'm having a bad brain day. And I know that it's temporary, and I have to take it easy that day, week, etc. The highs and lows are temporary. I do believe if you can think outside the box, and normalize it like other illnesses that have highs and lows, like allergies, asthma, arthritis on rainy days, etc., knowing that it is temporary and you will have good days too, it is easier to not add to the depression by feeling that you will never be happy again, or that you don't want to live if you are depressed all the time. Because, it is temporary. A certain amount of time before you have a good day, few days, week, month, etc. So, I have started doing that and it helps. Also, a food diary as some foods make depression worse. 
So, if you can see a correlation between something you are eating, and how you feel the next 36 hours, that may help too. Just suggestions. I know what you are going thru and it totally sucks. Take care of yourself today. ((HUGS))"
175995669,I wrote a blog post of a brief movie review on my blog. God that movie was on point. It disturbed me because it was so spot on.
175995670,Played for an hour. Upgraded my watering can and bought a lawn flamingo at the egg festival
175995671,Well I do it is I stand on Main Street and wait for some pretty looking girl to walk by and I catch my breath I stretch a little and make grunting sounds to attract her
175995672,Hi! Do you have a therapist you go to? How did you find out about the WRAP program? I’m in training to be a mental health peer specialist and that’s one of the things we’re going to learn about.
175995673,Correct. Good pick up. I usually would...missed it. And i say i live with bi polar disorder. HT
175995674,Those are great!
175995675,"I ignored the advice to not smoke too, but I was lucky enough to not get dry socket. Thank the lucky stars!"
175995676,"Wow, slept 4.5 hours, feel like complete ****. I think _PERSON_ to go back on remeron until I see my pdoc. I feel like complete **** right now. This has been the norm. I'll try to split it by doing just 15mgs of remeron first. This is hell."
175995677,"I called my mom to say hi and she just went off on me. Immediately. She said shes given me like 8k this past year for different things. And that, that, and the 100k she spent renovating her rental house is a hardship for her. I just said ok and hung up. I dont need that bs. I cant wait to get paid. I dont need her bs crap on my head. I dont need it in my ears. Whatever. It made me upset. Because she just idk she said shes tired of not only doing things for me but for my fiance."
175995678,I used to use 1 pillow cuz of my neck.. Since I was 12. Now I use 2 pillows. The extra is to put under my arm so I don't hear my heart beating cuz it freaks me out.. How do you other aliens deal with your beating organs? Idek..
175995679,"Hi Mystery - First, thanks for reaching out and asking for support. That is an important step that you made. In addition to the resources that Inspire shared from our main Mental Health America website, there are some more resources that you may consider accessing. For example, you could complete a free, anonymous, and confidential mental _NAME_ screening to help you determine if the cutting you are engaging in is a symptom to a mental health condition like depression or anxiety. The screenings are available at www.mhascreening.org. You can also use some resources like warmlines, which are similar to hotlines, but differ in that they are not intended for crisis but to help support you when you need someone to listen. Oftentimes these lines are run by trained volunteers who themselves live with mental health conditions. You can find a list of these lines at http://www.warmline.org/. If you don't feel like talking to someone you can always text Crisis Text Line by sending MHA to 741741. You'll immedi
ately be connected with a trained crisis counselor. Keep in mind that even though the word ""crisis"" is included in their name, they to can simply provide support when you need it. Finally, you can also access this website: https://selfinjury.com/, which has a ton of resources. Hope this information is helpful. - MHA Staff"
174396113,"Thank you, wasting asparagus. Yes, it was just had an initial introduction with her and she complained. Oh well, I'll keep it in mind but am not too worried about it anymore. She is mean, probably is frustrated she is spending all of this money, but is not learning that much. I will do my best to teach her and hope she learns something. I am doing well. I woke up late but have a class this afternoon. I am fine. I will go out shopping today afterwards. I am feeling somewhat relaxed and happy."
175995680,"My mom took what I said to heart and made me a smoothie so I would have something for breakfast. What would I do without her, really. I feel I wouldn’t take care of myself very well. Today I feel so full of anxiety because of work. I have so much to do. Working on quotes they have to be done but they give me anxiety thinking about them. So I’m working on easier stuff to calm myself down. Ugh."
175995681,"Hi guys, I am new to this forum and found it just now while I was browsing looking for answers. I have Panic Disorder, and normally I only have one or two Panic attacks a month, but I have had recurring panic attacks every day for the last week. But these feel different. I was in a meeting with my boss on Monday and all of a sudden I felt a muscle twitch on the back of my scalp and like a half second of euphoria before I was hit with a sheet of anxiety, coming in waves for 4 hours, I thought I was having a stroke and almost drove myself to the emergency room. These have been recurring for me all week. Not always a twitch on the head but always some pressure somewhere on my head (right now its in my right temple and I feel light headed). Also, I've been feeling like I have a fever (which I don't know is true or not). WebMD, my best friend and worst enemy has suggested that it could be hyperthyroidism, which could be possible since my mother has hypo so it makes me predisposed. I talked to my DR and 
he thinks its anxiety but has agreed to order the thyroid test for me tomorrow to put my mind at ease. It should be worth noting my Anxiety and increased heart rate go away after I leave work, and I know it's a trigger right now since I just let them know I'm quitting in 3 weeks to run my own company full time. And see, now that I'm getting tested for the thyroid tomorrow, I'm worried it could be either something neurological or hepatitic. I am a drug addict/alcoholic 1.5 years sober and I just took the treatment for my hepititis and finished successfully in May. Also, I'm positive with the amount of crack, alcohol, opiates as well as amphetamines psychedelics and research chemicals I used to self medicate with did neurological damage. I am a 21 year old male for reference and god I'm feeling so overwhelmed."
175995682,"Hi Flowerme, I have fibromyalgia and my neck and shoulders get tense. I have what is called a ""bed buddy"". It is a fabric tube filled with grain that you heat in the microwave and put around your neck. The moist heat really helps. Plus meditation and breathing exercises help me relax my muscles. I wonder if muscle relaxers would help??? I find when I get tense my shoulders raise up around my ears. I am exaggerating but I carry them high and they get real tense. They get stiff and hard. Try the meditation. It may help you to relax your muscles. Practice pushing your shoulders down so they don't tighten up. I hope you find what works for you. Keep hanging in there and remember we are all in this together. I am glad you shared. Hugs, _NAME_..."
174396112,"Im almost 21, diagnosed at 14. You are not alone, believe me I felt that way most of my life, I've found this website on my own, and through therapy and friends I have opened my eyes and saw a beautiful community of people unfortunately struggling as well. We all want/need help and its a great feeling knowing other people are going through similar things. Please keep writing and letting your feelings out. (*while writing thought* I don't know why this message sounds short and rude, but trust me its not!) Im here for you and im sure im not the only one. Please know im here along with many, and we can chat when ever you need to get something off your chest or just simply vent. <3"
175995683,"Yup pretty cat, I like the pattern on its body"
175995684,Cleaned the kitchen
175995685,wearyRAsufferer said... makes me sleepy and get amnesia to a small degree My physician did confirm it is related with memory loss and I can attest to that!
175995686,"If you have the same username, you are already added on the group."
175995687,Illvoices here don't forget to chat me up I got a new pc I want to try. Even though I can't use it for this site
175995688,Sounds like a nice way to spend the afternoon!
175995689,Yes and it totally freaks me out! I told a friend that she was going to have a baby girl after my other friend had knee surgery and after I was in the hospital. (Neither of those things happened yet) and sure enough both things happened and my friend is having a baby girl! I can also usually predict when the phone is going to be for me at work and also at home and who is calling me (before looking at my phone). It's like hairs standing up on the back of the neck kind of stuff sometimes. My T says I'm an empath. Whatever that is.
175995690,"I'm sorry. I never had good luck with Match actually. And it is super expensive, too."
175995691,Yeah I used to get horrible migraines as well. I found Excedrin plus a cup of coffee was very helpful. I know coffee might not be the best option if you're feeling nauseous though DT. But Excedrin does have caffeine in it which is good.
175995692,Hour and a half until doctor!
175995693,"So, write..."
175995694,I focused on the positive things like the warm water and the nice smells and had a shower. Nice and clean. I also tried out my little pore cleaner blackhead remover thing. I might have bruising on my nose now but I feel my pores are cleaner. I can see myself being obsessed with cleaning my pores now. I should get one of those scrub pore cleaner things too.
175995695,"Hello domoarigato23, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about coping with anxiety attacks. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: coping with anxiety attacks Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with anxiety. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to co
ntinue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175995696,"There were two spirit friends. Sisters. One was telling me to talk to the nurse station cause they could guide me to enlightenment. One of the guys had no idea what I was talking about and disregarded me. Then my assigned nurse came along to my room, and I told about the spirits. One of the spirits was feisty and saying the other was lying. Anyway, the nurse said it was all in my head, sat in the chair the spirit was, hurt her, and left. The spirit was not happy and left for an hour. Then she turned into a demon later on in the afternoon."
175995697,"Thanks SP. I do have insurance but Wal-Greens isn't in my network of pharmacies. And when I initially needed Vyvanse five years ago they were like, ""We don't carry this."" I said, ""Can you get it?"" ""Oh I guess. Maybe a week to 10 days."" So I went to CVS. They were like, we can have it tomorrow. And they've been good except for one other time. They forgot to order it. I don't know what is the deal this time. It's really annoying. Costco would be good but they are really inconvenient because they are over 30 minutes away. I'll give CVS a chance to redeem themselves with this prescription problem and if they can't I might try Rite-Aid or ????"
175995698,"My son is 30, so what can I do. He is hearing voices, talked to doctors, put on meds. He is not taking them. He is eating, but won't shower, locked himself in his room. Banged his head on something, shakes badly. I don't know what to do. He did sign into the hospital, but got out in 72 hours, saying he is much better. Only to find out he lied. He is getting worse everyday, I am so concern for him, but I don't know what I can do. As he is an adult and not a threat to himself or anyone. Please help"
175995699,"See if you can find a way to be with him now, but not in the tragic way you envision by taking your own life. With guidance from a compassionate therapist, you can relocate your son to another part of your brain. There thoughts and memories of him will be safe for you to return to, as you mourn him. You will not ever forget or be healed, but you may be okay in your thoughts of him, in time. When I lost my husband, though not a tragedy like the loss of your son, I read _NAME_ The Year of Magical Thinking. What beautiful, sad words to read at a time of acute mourning. Please choose life. Please choose to be with your son in now a different part of your being. I am so so sorry for your pain. I hope you get help and can ease your suffering."
174396133,"Oh mine came out messed up too lol but I'd like to try it again, I've only tried it once so maybe with more practice I can get the hang of it. At least even if it's messed up it still tastes good"
175995700,Always autistically looking for comfort and stimming.. But I find no comfort anywhere. Nothing I do gives me comfort. I feel constantly uncomfortable.
175995701,God I hate benzos they make me tired and a zombie but work for panic so
175995702,"Hi, I rarely come here anymore,mostly because I'm overwhelmed. I have so much bad stuff going on, it's impossible to believe. Some of it is my fault, some not. I am so stupid and I can't seem to help myself. No one understands what I'm going through. I've got so much going on mentally, emotionally, physically, and financially, plus other kinds of things. I'm in an emotionally and mentally abusive relationship. I have no one. I'm lonely. I'm horribly depressed (but not suicidal). I'm worried I'm going to lose my car because, after making every payment on time and in full every month for over a year, I messed up my finances and don't have the money. I don't know why, but I need to vent when I'm suffering, and I tell the wrong people. I told my judgmental sister, and I hate myself because I knew better. My boyfriend snaps at me and ignores me. Yes, I have a psychiatrist and I'm on meds. I'm in debt. I'm worried about my cats. There's so much more. I can't even prioritize, because one thing after anoth
er keeps coming up. I want to move into my own place, but I don't know how to take care of myself, and I want my cats. I want out of this state. I don't know how to not be negative. It's just all the time. My nerves are always bad. My stomach is always nervous. I have bathroom issues, and I have urinary urge incontinence and IBS. My OCD, panic disorder, and depression are too much, and I can't afford someone to talk to (Telehealth would be great), but I need to get away first. I have no family nearby, and they judge me negatively, anyway, and I have no friends. People who don't understand what it's like inside my head and body, and what my life is like, give me ""tough love,"" tell me to basically ""just do it"" (like I can turn off my mental and physical health issues), and tell me either to leave my boyfriend (I would if I could!) or to stay with him/I don't appreciate him. How do you appreciate someone who calls you ""defective,"" ""crazy"" (by Virtue of having a mental problem, he says that automatically 
makes me crazy), and gets everyone to sympathize with him? My sister says that's just the way men are, and this is the best situation someone like me could be in. I'm so miserable!"
175995703,SP that's beautiful!
175995704,Oh shyt wtf?????? I’m so sorry
175995705,U become obsessed with spiritual issues? I do.
175995706,Italian sausage and meatballs over pasta
175995707,Looks great!
175995708,I did yesterday but not today. I will tomorrow though.
175995709,"I think that the way people dress is a preference. A lot of men and women find that they feel better when they dress professional. I, myself am not intimidated by a suit and tie. And I don't feel it is us against them. A person that felt defensive might feel that way. But we are all different. My psychiatrist often wears a suit but not always the jacket so he looks more relaxed than some I have seen."
175995710,I'll bring it up I guess and see what her opinion is. I guess it's better to be safe and mention it. I see both her and my therapist tomorrow
175995711,just woke up. I feel sick
175995712,"That’s my bfs fave movie, he has to watch it every year....."
175995713,I think this is common a lot of pdoc that treat are recovery oriented so they don’t deal with disability but they should be able to refer you to one that does
175995714,Fastest instacart ever this morning!
175995715,Omg I just googled game of thrones ukulele and there's a bunch of instructional videos on the theme song definitley going to try that out
175995716,That's wonderful!
175995717,"_NAME_, yes living with depression (often experienced and expressed as irritability by men) is challenging. Be sure to be kind to and forgive yourself, when you are not able to function at your best. Tomorrow is another day, another opportunity to have a better day. Glad that you have a professional team to work with, and are actively engaged in pursuing your personal goals of wellbeing. Things that work for me when I feel irritated and need to let off steam (so I don't spew anger and negativity on others): set up ball machine and hit a basket of tennis balls, go for a walk, take ten deep cleansing breaths, scan my body for tensed muscles and consciously try to release them. What I do, depends on situation. I'm proud of you for reaching out and accepting support from other travelers on the road."
175995718,Once I get my water bottle I can start walking more without worrying about dying out in the heat lol
174396156,"I feel like I need an engine tuneup, or an overhaul. If only I could wake up."
175995720,"Here comes the bride all dressed in white. Here comes the vicar, wearing women's knickers."
175995721,Just had a good chat with my old pss.
175995722,My name is _NAME_ I've lost my dad best friend and sister started a life had 2 girls dad turned to alcohol I ran 45 minutes away to a new town and he followed us 5 miles down the road. Not long after I started my battle w meth and alcohol myself. I'm still in discovery looking for something new
175995723,"I need to take things slow again. I got the guitar, books, and paint. Now I'm all like ""I will start an insta for my paintings!"" ""_NAME_ play all my fav songs and post them on fb!"" This and that etc. I need to chill."
175995724,I was going to get one but I want to pick it out in person an covid struck like right when I started....
175995725,"_NAME_ Yeah maybe she should have been diagnosed as 'schizo-affective' instead of just Bipolar...perhaps she masked some of her symptoms when she was warded in IMH years ago. Thanks for the kind words...yeah I'm extremely worried but I do try to distract myself by watching TV or surfing Carousell for good deals. (I collect Superman silver/bronze-age comic books and toys/statues). Plus my friends and family are very supportive (except my mum who keeps asking me to give up on my wife). So far, my sleep is ok and I can talk to friends via online/text messages/face-to-face so it's still not too bad. Yeah ok I will text her from time to time to show her I care and yet not pressure her too much. Just trying to take a day at a time. I'm very fearful of her filing for divorce cos' it's literally The End, but The End has come for me before and we reconciled (remarrying). I just don't want to have to remarry her my whole life. I work from Tuesday to Sunday, so yeah, pretty busy with work. Yeah thanks very mu
ch for the awesome words of encouragement! theHTreturns: So sorry, may I know what dx is...? Discuss or distance...? Yeah you're absolutely right...she needs an involuntary admission because she can be very obstinate...I'm glad you have never left your wife...I would never wish abandonment on everyone. If I ever get the chance, I will have to ask the IMH professionals why this abandonment is a recurring pattern. But I've read online that this is what Bipolar people do (or at least some of them). Yeah she either has to approach me or someone for help, or keep staying in her mania state cos' she loves the thrill. Just hanging in there and constantly asking God for help. Thanks man; appreciate it."
175995726,Yes sorry been working a ton!
175995727,My sisters dropping the tree off this weekend. It was gonna be today but she's been really busy with work. So this weekend I can put my tree up
175995728,"Weary, Are you in contact with a former colleague? Maybe, you can use them as a reference. I'm so mad about the whole situation that I won't do anymore volunteer work at their organization if they say no or don't receive a response. The whole thing has left a bad taste in my mouth, and Im not sure if I'll keep volunteering there even if I do get a reference."
175995729,Hi Folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175995730,I will
175995731,Glad your stomach feels better today SP!
175995732,Sending thoughts and healing vibes
175995733,I hear you. That would scare me too. Lately I'm afraid I'm going to have a heart attack. God told me I'm going to and I'm going to have Cancer but I'll survive both and die when I'm 78.
175995734,"I’m upset. I keep gaining more and more weight. I know part of the issue is me, but ever since I’ve been on AP’s I’ve gained over 100% of my weight. In the last 5 years cuz before that I stopped my meds purely because it was causing me weight problems. A specialty doctor told me to get off them. I was prediabetic. Now I’m over double my original weight and getting higher. It’s becoming way to much for me to handle and get under control. I’m gonna call the nurse at my pdocs office and ask for metformin. My back hurts all the time, my feet, my knees, my chest, my arms, legs, everything. Just everything and the inside of my body too. It’s horrible. I’ve been 105 my whole life if not thinner. Wow it’s just insane. I can’t do things anymore. Can’t walk good, can’t go on vacation cuz too much walking. Can’t go certain places. I have to sit a certain way and sleep a certain way or I can’t breathe. Like This is no life. This is not the life I want. I can’t tell you how many 
diets, vitamins, exercise regimes, eating less, etc that I’ve done."
175995735,Cat nip for the girls.
175995736,"Taxes will make anyone anxious, SP!"
175995737,Right now I am drinking unsweetened black Iced Tea. It is getting close to lunchtime but still about 50 minutes away.
175995738,"That's excellent! I used to swim, I love it, and it's such good exercise! Go you!"
175995739,"Oh, that's interesting, MM. My pdoc called it a psychotic symptom. I suppose such things can be different from person to person."
174396182,"Well, I guess I am just confused because my psychiatrist seems to think that I need to be on the lowest possible combination of meds. Which is fine in principle, but when he starts messing with things, I get anxious and angry with him. It seems to me like he wants me at 5 mg olanzapine maximum, whereas, I feel good on 10 mg. And then he wants me to go down on Abilify. Which is ridiculous because I just had a crisis, and now he's wanting me to go down on my meds. I don't get it with this pdoc. And he's always super pushy with the Xanax, which I understand because it can be addictive and stuff, but it's like he's not giving me proper guidance. Thanks for the suggestion of the modafinil, by the way. I've been on armodafinil before, and it seemed to help."
175995740,I have the meatballs and sausage cooking in the crockpot. Have just been playing games
175995741,"I finally freed my soul and started life fresh, I finally opened my eyes to the truth and I have never felt better. All my suffering and pain, all those nightmares, hallucinations, I learned to ground myself and not to fall further into torment. I found this site long ago, and it helped me to escape from my torture. I don't know if it's against the rules to share this, but please If anyone can see this, Free your mind. Click below! exposingchristianity.com satanisgod.org/www.angelfire.com/empire/serpentis666/Outsiders.html"
175995742,What is a Hispanic pie?
175995743,Thanks! I try to keep things interesting. Make things to look forward to
175995744,"I think if your girlfriend told you about it, she probably feels guilty. You said she is overwhelmed in other parts of her life ? Sometimes that can make you act out in ways you regret. Try to step back and take a deep breath. And re think your relationship. You have plenty of time to see how things go, and make a logical decision if this is the girl for you. Let your emotions calm down and you'll be able to see things more clearly."
175995745,"Nice _NAME_, I am glad you had the nice experience. wish it was that warm here. Surfers would be covered with goose bumps here. Cold... Have a good night... _PERSON_, _NAME_... Thanks _NAME_. Rain again today and cold. but 50 in five days., Then 60's again! Hugs, _NAME_..."
174396179,"I kind of feel like I'm in limbo, inbetween before & later. So I'm not sure but I think I should just take my time & follow my instincts."
175995746,I am not doing that well. I just find I get super overwhelmed easily. I am using the skills they teach me in IOP but changing is hard.
175995747,Oh apparently it’s just the little ecigs...not the bottle and tank systems......federally anyway
175995748,Hershey candy bar
175995749,"Yes sir!!! And you keep praying to God too! Everything you do, make sure God is involved. You have a purpose, and once you find what your purpose.That maybe square one...Keep praying!!! And take it one day at a time! You got this!"
175995750,Thanksgiving but his whole family lives there besides him. And he saw his brother this past Saturday. His brother was here... His mom is already getting sick.
175995751,I know... I just get frustrated sometimes. I shouldn't actually fire him
175995752,Married _NAME_
174396176,"Morning Omg I had the most lifelike/real dream I’ve ever had. I had a dream I moved to the U.K. and was dating a guy that did ecstasy and shrooms, so he was psychotic all the time. And then we were in a massive, massive earthquake while I was working in the UK as a live-in peer support specialist for someone who was like schizophrenic or autistic. I was living in London serving the underserved. And I took an ativan at work because the earthquake had scared me. And I tried to take it while no one was looking. But the HR assistant was there and chewed my butt out for taking my medicine at work cuz it’s not legal or you know. She demanded I give her my medicine so she can look it up and make sure it’s mine. And she was like “you think you’re slick! You’re gonna get fired!!!”. And she said “you can either fess up to the director or I’ll tell her and you’re gonna get fired, honey!”. So i fessed up to the director and apologized. And I said that I was honest in the application that 
I dealt with schizophrenia myself. And she said “so you took the anti anxiety because of the earthquake? I don’t blame you!” And she turned around to the hr assistant and said “you’re getting wrote up for this. I don’t know how many times I have to tell you about stuff like this. No...you’re fired!”. And then part of the dream was just me taking care of the person during a few days. And then I said something weird to someone like, just weird like how I am. And the director pulled me into her office and said she was firing me. And then she put her hand to her mouth like she was thinking about something for 5 min. And she said “what job are you getting after this? I know you like writing. Hey, I was thinking about something. How would you like to write up a report on the mental health of your client?” I said “well if I’m fired, and I am going to get paid to do this?” And she said “think about it. It’s not even about the money. You’d be serving the underserved. Changing lives”. 
And I said “then no. I cannot donate my time at this point in my life. My skills and time are just as valuable as yours.” She was trying to get me to work for free for their businesses profit. And then I woke up."
175995754,"Just got back from the bfs CT...we decided to grab some kfc on the way home....my pop had like sludge at the bottom, I’m so disgusted to have drank that......."
175995755,_PERSON_ lol I also do my best writing and thinking at this time. I’m already having coffee and chicken tenders for breakfast. It’s gonna be 6 in the next hour.
175995756,Thank You. Mine has been on and off but the last 4 days it has been insane... I am not able to get relief... I slept 59 mins according to my Fitbit..
175995757,"Nope, not today"
175995758,You can have high functioning anxiety (My mom has this) but for me it's panic attacks and too apathetic to have generalized anxiety...
175995759,"Having a latte, rare in the afternoon for me..."
175995760,I hope you have a good day with your friend tomorrow Blue_Bird
175995761,"Thank you. I trained my brain once after many years of anxiety, and I was free. It was a miracle I believe. I am practicing my self affirmations again, journaling , and re routing the my thought process. I just dropped my holter monitor off. I’m not going to worry until there is something to worry about. If there is something to worry about. (Is what I keep telling myself). Today is going to be a great day."
175995762,"The only time I was off APs was for a year, I did well for about 9 months then started having issues again. As far as all medication I haven’t been without any meds since I was 18 (I’m turning 26 in June) But that was a long time ago. I’ve learned a lot since then, I feel I’d be better prepared now"
175995763,"I looked online and found an article for the rights of unwed fathers, which had some points that may be helpful. (Link Below) You may also want to look into the “parallel parenting” strategy and seek help from a professional counselor in how to face upcoming challenges with her, because based on how she has behaved in the past it’s likely this will carry on with her parenting and how she treats you during exchanges. You can utilize this time now to educate and prepare yourself, as well as to heal. There are many excellent YouTube videos available on healing from abuse. Best, MP8 https://www.verywellfamily.com/things-an-unwed-father-should-know-1270745"
175995764,Thanks bb!
175995765,_NAME_ Band - Let You Down
175995766,I bought that book sometime in the 2000's but never read it. Usually my vape is enough to keep me happy but I keep getting dry hits lately and not getting enough nicotine. So you are probably right.
175995767,"I have been accused of this. But my stance is, that I, and maybe others, are not actually holding it in. It is genuine apathy/disinterest that causes a lack of expression on most occasions. Except when certain factors merge example fatigue, unusual triggers, stress, combine to cause an expression or reaction. I hate when people accuse me of bottling it in and that it builds up. How T.F would they know. I believe it is not actually the case. Back to your original query: I think romantic Love and infatuation can be very much part of the schizoid personality. SPD lends itself to fanciful thinking at times, regardless of whether it is acted upon. The nature of the disorder is not synonymous with logic or rational thinking. Romantic Love/infatuation is often irrational. I have been in Love several times. The problems emerge when romantic Love wears off and one may find they are trapped in a reality that has not lived up to their fantasy."
175995768,I don't know anything about how money orders work
175995769,What I like about coursera is that you get a certificate and a badge for linked in too....so people can see what you’ve accomplished
175995770,"I think I have a mild case of covid. Dammit, I was just going to get a massage and haircut."
175995771,"I think it's great that you're doing the best you can to lower your anxieties via prayer or any other method that helps you, _PERSON_. Helping yourself is a big part of overcoming anxiety issues. I'm glad you've checked in for the first time in a while. It's always good to have people who haven't commented here in a long time to come back."
175995772,"Preliminary thought is that it's akathisia, but idk"
175995773,Super glad I feel able to focus on school these days. I have done almost two hours of work today.
175995774,"So you don't care for a social convention that actually makes little sense (celebrating a graduation way after the fact and after you've literally moved on to college)? I see nothing abnormal about that. I can understand that your family wants to get together and do something to mark an occasion - that's ok. But I can also see that you don't feel it's anything to celebrate in the ways that they do, especially after the fact. They won't be pleased if you voice this and don't participate. Still, this is you and if you think this is truly how you're wired, it's a good thing to begin to express that to them and give them a chance to get to know how you operate. It might not be conventional - it might not even be polite - but it is not abnormal."
175995775,It seems like he expects you to be perfect and if you’re not watch out. In our society women are deemed to be the care givers and give their all to others and sometimes end up feeling resentful. We’re not caring enough for ourselves.
175995776,That’s awesome! How are you doing today?
175995777,"A subset of bipolar disorder is strongly linked to inflammation, and a treatable immune system condition could be mistaken for bipolar disorder or schizophrenia. Researchers at the Houston Methodist Neurological Institute believe that many people diagnosed with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia actually have a form of encephalitis that interferes with brain receptors. This autoimmune disease is called anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. In this condition the body’s own anti-bodies attack the brain and produce symptoms impacting decision making ability and a person’s sense of perception that are the same symptoms found in people with serious mental illness. The research is ongoing and is significant because the condition is completely reversible with existing immune deficiency therapies. Other published research indicates high rates of inflammatory medical comorbidities in some patients with bipolar disorder. Researchers believe that autoimmune disorders or chronic infections, such as inflammatory 
bowel disease, autoimmune thyroiditis or herpes simplex virus, that cause significant inflammation may be implicated in the severity of bipolar disorder, if not outright causing bipolar-like symptoms, in a subset of patients diagnosed with BD. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2019/05/is-bipolar-disorder-an-autoimmune-disease/"
175995778,_AT_MENTION_ congratulations on getting out! _AT_MENTION_ I'm sorry you're suffering.
175995779,"Morning I made an appointment for the dentist, online. Idk when they will call me about it. Other than that, I'm fine. I'm getting better from being sick, but fiance is sick now. I woke up at 3am to use the bathroom and picked that tooth and part of it came off like butter. So theres that. But fiance shortly got up after and vomited, and has been for a few hours now."
175995780,"A moment ago I was reading something where the author made a case that I disagreed with and then must have spent 20 minutes having an argument with this author in a lecture hall in my head where we discussed the points in which I thought he was wrong, the counterarguments back and forth. I was winning until he made a point I agreed with right at the end at which point snapped out of it and wondered how many people do this. I doubt it's that normal but I don't know. I didn't have any sense of it being an imaginary conversation until afterwards"
175995781,I'll keep you and your family in my prayers SP
174396196,"I was diagnosed with schizoaffective when I was 21. I didn’t actually know about the diagnosis until 24,(I’m 25 now) because I was told depression,ptsd,panic disorder with agoraphobia was my diagnosis and the doctor never informed me she changed it.. Anyway, this is based off of a series of traumatic events from my college era (17-21 years old) and that is the only information this doctor had because I did not know certain things were abnormal prior to then..when I was between 8-12 up to 16 before other things happened. Things Like, thinking my cat was a robot. Or his eyes were cameras that watched me for the government. Or the weird goblin thing that followed me Across the house from outside the windows Or the weird Amish people that whispered about me when I used the bathroom and screamed at me to wash my hands when I bolted out of the bathroom out of fear of something attacking me from inside the toilet. Or the fact that after being subjected to _NAME_ show during English curriculum in middl
e school intensified all persisting thought of paranoia and implemented even more ideas of who was watching me. Uh..yeah there’s more but..it’s not all important I think.. I just wanted to ask and hopefully this is Th e right place if it’s possible that this is schizophrenia and not schizoaffective disorder? My emotional problems that I have...I really believe are because I can’t properly communicate no matter how hard I try..can’t focus or think fast enough to deal with things get frustrated and lash out, and depression from the circumstances of my life. I mean my life is just bad. And I feel defeated because I can’t fix things and everyone acts like I should be able to without any issues. It’s not that simple like idk where to even start with even the littlest things and it causes me to get very angry or depressed. So..wouldn’t that be more of a complication from schizophrenia than a symptom of a cooccuring emotional illness like schizoaffective disorder? I’ve tried research. I don’t ret
ain most of the information. I hardly am aware that I have anything wrong unless I run into schizo illnesses while hypochondriac-google searching about other things..so I would ask my current psychiatrist about it if I even remembered to. Or if I could actually verbalize things..all I can do is type my thoughts and then it’s a little coherent..but then if I reread later it’s not at all what I was trying to say or my thoughts are completely changed so what I said before is basically a lie. Just frustrated, idk how to deal with it if it is schizophrenia instead. Or how to fix my disability records, since it says this started in 2015..not 10 years prior as I realized later. So um..sorry if this isn’t the right place. It’s a question mostly..but wanted advice too."
175995782,Breathing? Benzos?
175995783,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ psychotic Maybe it is that I am just starting to feel again. But I don't want to feel bad and sad and cry. But I guess I gotta take the good with the bad.
175995784,I’m challenging myself to go 2 months without caffeine or candy. Give my body a break from it all.
175995785,"Hi all. Does anyone else have heart related anxiety? I’ve been dealing with anxiety for over 15 years so I know it definitely can happen, but anxiety is great at changing slightly to keep the worry alive. I can’t tell if it’s heartburn or reflux which I take meds for, or if there’s some palpitations it feels like but then it doesn’t? So weird. I’ve had multiple ekgs, wore a halter monitor and I do have tachycardia but my ticker is good to go as the doctor tells me. Am I just being crazy and worrying too much? Do others feel this way? I’ve also been anxiety heightened the past week or so from having pneumonia and having to take prednisone which just the thought with side effects made me nervous. Reassurance please... M"
175995786,I can't wait to be a college student again. Will be good for me
175995787,I don’t have a fever
175995788,"It’s encouraging to me to hear how much medications helped you. I won’t give up on that. I guess I get feeling bad because people don’t know what to say. I only recently have told a few family members the extent of what I’m going through because my therapist encouraged me to, but usually I just tell them general stuff about how I’m doing. You’re welcome to talk to me about stuff if you’d want to."
175995789,Black coffee
175995790,I took my geodon. I'm so fckin nauseous. Ugh.
175995791,Part of my second class to receive a grade is done grading and I’m at 105%....feeling good....I’m not sure if everything is in yet though but I’m thinking A.... I just have to keep in mind I was afraid of that class too.
175995792,I’ve been getting unusually sick myself this year despite myself getting a flu shot back in November/December.
175995793,"Hello tryingmybest1333, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about coping with stress. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: Coping with stress Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with coping skills and mechanisms. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you 
to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175995794,It's 1:52am. I took an Ativan about half an hour ago and I think I'm starting to feel better. I have RLS tonight and I need relief. The weather is getting wonderful outside and I'm stuck inside. I did see the super moon. It was big and beautiful. I was lucky.
175995795,I threw away the phenibut because I think it's starting to make me feel dissociated at this point. I had a sort of panic attack. I'll feel better tomorrow.. Back on track with taking meds as prescribed...
175995796,I'm just rating myself. So I know wat to tell my T.
175995797,"Not doing well, back at my grandmas"
175995798,"I agree, even with trap you want to get that bounce so sometimes I manually play the hi hats FLying lotus beats are great btw"
175995799,"I was wearing the same clothes and hadn't showered since I can't remember, but I showered today. I feel pretty good, I need to do this more often."
175995800,I have a feeling I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight. I haven't been getting to sleep till 4 or 5 in the morning then sleeping till around 10. I have to be up since the transportation service is picking me up early for my appointments tomorrow and I don't want to miss them. Might as well stay up and read
175995801,"The project manager is off today, the head technician is off today, the business development person has been working from home, so I am all alone in the office. It's creepy."
175995802,I think _USER_ID_ is on game pass I believe.
175995803,Time for coffee!!!!!
175995804,"It’s me again, I’m sorry, I’m feel so sad, stressed, anxious, overwhelmed.... I’m trying so many coping exercises and I feel good for a little bit and then I feel like I take 2steps back. My mind won’t stop. Any suggestions would be appreciated, please!!!"
175995805,I’m ok working on school.....
175995806,I mean we would have tons of schizophrenics not taking their meds if pdrs were too empathetic with patients refusing their meds.
175995807,My doctor phoned me when I was on my way up to the ski hill and refilled the Vyvanse. I was scared that I'd be without it. I get Parkinson's symptoms without it cuz of the antipsychotics.
175995808,"I haven't had a psychotic episode in years, but like, this is what it's like, but in music form."
175995809,Ham and cheese sub w/ a banana and black coffee
175995810,"I wish I could. But I’m sure they wouldn’t appreciate a foreigner showing up for the benefits. Although, it would be a relief."
175995811,I’ll be honest. I haven’t taken my meds since Wednesday afternoon. I feel that the pharmacy is trying to poison me and the meds are poison. Part of me doesn’t think that. But I’m scared to take the meds. What if they’re poison? Blocking my thoughts. Stealing my thoughts.
175995812,Sorry you couldn’t get kitty to the vet and that you feel yucky.
175995813,Bought a chicken and upgraded my axe to bronze
175995814,I made a new roll call. Dancing Chili
175995815,Some stories out of my copy of _PERSON_ complete works
175995817,Here's another sketch I did Sweet | The Daily Blue Bird
175995818,"Any deviation from the norm can be anxiety-producing for me - sometimes even the good stuff. Smiling and pretending to be happy or even just fine for several days, is most definitely a draining task! As is sitting in traffic (even for folks who don't mind the car). I often feel like a need a vacation from my vacation when I return, for sure. It's hard, but try not to get stuck in the terrible thought cycle of ""Other, ""normal"" people can (fill in the blank), why can't I?!"" It's not helpful and it's not entirely true. Do your best, when possible, to rest, give yourself extra TLC, and allow yourself to return to your normal routines. Cry if you need to. Eat healthy, drink plenty of water, rest when you are tired. If after a few days of this you are still feeling ill, then make an appointment with your doctor and see what they may have to offer."
175995819,"Hi _PERSON_ and welcome back... ...although I am sorry to hear that your anxiety has been kicked up recently! Illness is a common and understandable trigger for us. First of all, when you don't feel well, it is natural for your defenses to be down...and harder to work your coping skills when dealing with broken sleep and feeling poorly! The other challenge is of course in our Health Anxiety and the what if worries that inevitably start to take up space in our heads. Work your positive mantras and know that getting run of the mill common viruses/illnesses...even several a year, is not indicative of anything other than being human. We are listening anytime so keep us posted as to how you are doing, and how we can be here for you! S.C."
175995820,I just wanted to let you guys know that my husband has dragged me to the doctors yesterday. I was given some additional medication to support the Celexa and things have improved A LOT. I still have the feeling of panic but it's in the back of my head and not forward and dominating any other thoughts. I was also able to eat a whole sandwich which is HUGE considering for the past 2 weeks a lived on 1 toast and half a cup of mint tea a day. I also feel my appetite coming back which would be wonderful. I am hoping and praying this is just the beginning of better.
175995821,"Hi _PERSON_, I had a pretty good week actually. The autumn weather was nice. Today it is cold but again tomorrow is suppose to be warm. Things are okay in my life. I can't complain anyway. Anxiety is there but not bad. Depression seems to be under control. I guess I am happy to report that. I hope you and all are having a good Sunday... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995822,I feel calmer. Somewhat. I think it's gone. Is it? Surely it is.
175995823,"I keep thinking new voices keep coming and not sure if its the same ones or new ones. And they keep telling me about a girlfriend i made up and tell me i dont know where im going and going to hell. But i dont believe in a hell, i think we are just spirits from another existence who came to earth to have a physical experience and even if the person was bad will still go back and be taken into god and their soul healed. Maybe were just here on earth to learn lessons for our soul and have different experiences for god so he can expand and create more in the universe. Im torn from believing what i believe and the voices telling me something else. Maybe what they say is true and i just dont want to believe it…"
175995824,"I'm in PHP too, it's not too bad. I enjoy it, even if it is exhausting."
175995825,Took my night meds a little early. I need to wake up early tomorrow
175995826,yes I did
175995827,I want off of the Invega injection
175995828,"I called the clinic and left a message for my therapist asking whether they’ll be open during the next two weeks. Hopefully I hear back. If not, then I’m pretty much screwed as far as medication goes. Most of the meds can be called in to the pharmacy but one of them I usually go get a months supply of samples each doctor appointment."
175995829,Slept til 5. Pretty good Doing okay. Gonna have a nice bike ride. I was very scared yesterday for me and for _PERSON_. Feeling vulnerable. Oh well. God will help me. Yay! And _NAME_. And you guys.
175995830,"Sending you strength and love, newtus. I hope your day turns around soon!!"
175995831,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175995832,"""Im in my own world"" People are different to me,"
175995833,Fell asleep for an hour then woke up extremely sick
174396297,Keep . Great sharing and compassion. I use a bi polar support group and a psychiatrist when required. Once the right med combo kicks you will be much better. _USER_ID_ of mental illness avtually starts with ourselves. Since i advocate and do lived experience stuff i openely discuss that i have bi polar. You will know i. 5 seconds if they with ya. Mental illness is just one aspect of us. Not an ic. Manic...schizophrenic... Psychotic. When the ic is used people just interpret this as being all we are. Educating the masses is important....i did so for second yr med students and for psych hosp directors on planning etc. Many healing thoughts to you all. HT
175995834,"Seriously, Meditation for Fidgety Skeptics is is a good leaping point for investigating meditating life. It is based in science and recent experience in contrast to religious tradition. The humor grows onto me since I am almost finished with the book. He gives a new term that he revealed-- Gerunding His meditation practice leads him to a more gerunding outlook. I think that is like being in the moment. For first responders in the COVID crisis, _NAME_ site has offers for their meditation program. I appreciate _NAME_ for his effort."
175995835,"Thank you _AT_MENTION_ I'm at work right now for about another 40 to 45 minutes, but when I go home I'm going to do something distracting. Most of my day I've just been thinking about the date and it's just getting to me now where I want to cry and everything. Falling apart because of a date on a calendar! Hopefully after a year it just becomes a yearly meltdown I have instead of a monthly meltdown just because of the date!"
175995836,The people that interviewed me said they will call in week or so. Idk. They said that last time and it was a month. So idk.
175995837,Good that you’re feeling good but watch out. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
174396300,"Oh, I bet it will. It is a great drug. Very unique, as you know far better than me. Not really sure what happened to me this last year, but I really just assume my illness, itself, sort of has changed as I get older. Much more mania and psychosis now. So, probabky me and not the drug."
175995838,Yeah it just sucks because I'm like in the moment I set it up thinking that I can handle it and then right before it's like the anxiety comes up and I end up cancelling.
175995839,"I care. I can not even begin to imagine the life experiences you’ve had thus far. All I can say is that there is beauty in the darkness. Peace in the pain. There’s a reason you are still here, and are in seek of help, a voice, and someone to hear you. I hear you. And I’m so sorry for what you’ve gone through. There are good people in the world. I promise you that. Sometimes it takes walking away from it all, and starting from the bottom up, with you and only you ??"
175995840,Had an edible yesterday and I'm STILL feeling the high. It's been lingering and it has been freaking me out.
175995841,Scrambled eggs and an apple
175995842,"I feel fine today. Removed myself from the schedule from work. I decided I'm not gonna do that job, finally. It is too much stress. Ha. Oh well."
175995843,All of a sudden I'm not feeling well. I feel anxious pretty badly. It started just now when I saw my package for my last Christmas gift was shipped yet. They say its supposed to be here tomorrow but????? Fck man. Thanks god I'm sitting under the smoking patio by myself. I'm gonna take a few min to calm down.
175995844,Sorry to ear you’re feeling bad do you have a selfcare box or any selfcare routines you can implement?
175995845,I'm ordering a sticky toffee chocolate pudding..
175995846,Yes I did.
175995847,"Oct 22, 2020 - Some failures that you may have experienced over the past few days could have you beating yourself up today, Leo. Perhaps you feel that you were too hasty or too sloppy and could have done things better. Don't obsess over it. Figure out what went wrong, learn from it, and let it go. Too much negativity directed at yourself is likely to sabotage future efforts rather than help them."
175995848,Meds make my voices go completely away. I kind of miss them. But that may not be the case for everyone. Especially if you are trying to balance dosage against the severity of side effects.
175995849,I ****ing hate winter
175995850,"I haven't tried ACT therapy, but I have a book on it. It's called ""The Happiness Trap"" and if I remember right it deals with some of that stuff. I should pull it out again. I am having trouble getting off of Klonopin 0.25 mg, which theoretically shouldn't be that hard. But it is. I keep wanting to go back on it because I feel uncomfortable with the withdrawal symptoms. What keeps happening is that I get really irritable when I go off of Klonopin and I can't take it."
175995851,"I think that is one of the worst part about panic attacks, anticipating having one! Of course actually having one is worse too, but thinking about it, stressing about it, ugh, it's just all bad. Hope you're okay _AT_MENTION_"
174396319,My negative symptoms are gone almost. I've been showering etc almost every day since this thread was posted. The cold showers help to motivate me as well.
175995852,Its good that you called! Don't you hate not sleeping and feeling awful? This is the first step to change that. Could be something simple. Maybe you just need a slightly lower dose. Who knows. Only the doctor can help you figure that out.
175995853,"Hello, thanks for asking! I've been meaning to get around to coming back here for an update anyways, just have been super busy with work. So, my time off Cymbalta has been pretty good. Every now and then I will get headaches or whooziness, but nothing I can't deal with. Taking a nap seems to really help when I get the headaches. Other side effects I get sometimes are hot/cold flashes, irritability, and muscle fatigue. The good days are outnumbering the bad days now at least, and even the bad days are not as bad as they used to be. I try to pace myself and take breaks when I can."
175995854,I took my blood pressure and pain pills.
175995855,I keep coughing lately. I don't know if it's from the silent GERD. It could be because I'm supposed to take 150mg of Zantac 2 times a day and I've been off it for months. I need to get a physical anyway so I'll get my prescription for it renewed then. Yeah I know it's available over the counter but I can't afford it and my doctor writes prescriptions for the generic because my insurance covers it
175995856,I think I know what fiance got me for Christmas. According to when I last saw his bank account and how much he told me had left. I can conclude that he spent 90 dollars on me. He said he also bought me 2 things. I believe one of them is a switch game!!! Those cost 60 bucks.
175995857,"I feel like my mind is playing tricks on me all of the sudden. It’s like at one time my mind convinced me that I was Gay even though I’ve never had the thought or interest in men. Now my mind is telling myself that since I had that thought that it must be true, and I can’t seem to shake it. At one moment I even thought, wow I guess you can turn Gay in just one thought even after years of being attracted to women. I still don’t have interest in men after these thoughts, but now it’s like I’m anxious that maybe I am Gay, or don’t have any emotions to any gender. This has led me to become depressed, and question other things about who I truly am. I guess my question is Can your mind actually make you believe you are something that you know is not true about yourself? How can I shake this off and get back to being myself again?"
175995858,You're beautiful Cogladaid!
175995859,"""Hold still dear, we'll pull the needle out > : )"" ""Abuuuh.. abuhaaaahhhhh"""
175995860,Hugs job........
175995861,I’m not sure if I have it in me for art tonight. I probably have 50 outtakes of the video I had to do.
175995862,This morning I started out the new week by going out for a walk around my neighborhood. The weather is nice today here in southern Maine after all! I walked about a mile and a half or so.
175995863,"I wish I felt better. My energy is low, I feel isolated and I am bored. Maybe if I got active around the house, I might feel better."
175995864,A soccer ball pillow.
175995865,???? HT
175995866,I dont hate u FR I am dealing w my own homicidal voices today =[
175995867,My short term is bad. My long term is very good.
175995868,I want something good to eat but idk what. I just got home from the grocery store and only bought salad stuff. Nothing for me to eat bcuz nothing looked good. Fast food isnt appealing to me today either. Blah...I’m hungry!
175995869,Sounds good I'm about to have a slice of cheesecake and a cup of coffee
175995870,I loev hot dogs!!
175995871,"Thank you, it’s nice that people remember me!"
175995872,"Clearly you made the right decision for yourself, your relationship was not healthy and I'm glad you're making the most of the situation and it seems that you've gained a new appreciation for yourself, which is such a wonderful thing and I am so happy for you! No relationships are all bad, but just because there are good times doesn't mean they're worth the work that goes into them. If my fiance lashed out like that towards me our relationship probably wouldn't have lasted this long, but he he internalizes his anxiety and breaks himself down emotionally, which is why I''m so scared and careful. Not to say that we've never fought or I've never said something that upset him, because I have, but I'm worried that I might spark something that could cause him to hurt himself and I'd never forgive myself if I was the cause of that. I appreciate you reaching out, it means a lot, and I wish you all the luck!"
175995873,Hmm...my husband’s doctor called and asked me to get in touch with my husband right away and have him call him. Then gave me his private cell phone number. I’m kinda freaking out and of course my husband is out of his office so I can’t reach him. I’m hopi g it’s something to do with the determination of my fil’s cause of death...but idk. Something feels off.
175995874,Where the fck is everyone?...
175995875,"? I always want to know how people define ""needing emotional connection"" - Maybe you could connect the personal space you need with the money she spends. - For example, you can say that you will give her a lot of closeness, but tell her it will mean you won't have the same earning capacity - which means she won't be able to buy herself all the ""extras"" she likes. ^ Highlight her favorite expensive things she likes to buy and say there won't be money for it - Or, give her the alternative that if you are to continue to provide luxuries, you need your personal space, so you don't burn out and end up earning less. - Or maybe say if emotional connection is so important to her, she can come do your ""moral"" activities / charity work with you and then you two will have plenty of time for each other. Throw in that it'll make you two closer by her knowing what is so deeply valuable to you. - I may be wrong but I don't think you can change people's morality - you can decide what you're ok with being aro
und (and maybe if you're close enough, make a request about a behavior while being fully aware that they may not comply and then make your decision from there whether you continue with the person or not). Then again, I'm a tad ###$ up, so I'm not sure if i should be offering opinions lest I end up destroying peoples relationships I think healthier replies would be: couples therapy, communication skills, chloroform when she gets too irritating..."
175995876,A mouse ate all my Kratom in my kitchen drawer. 3 pills of it.
175995877,I want frozen sugar milk...
175995878,I got 8.5 hours of sleep but I had a nightmare right before I woke up.
175995879,My castle's more of a VW camper _NAME_ or a static caravan. Not really into bricks and mortar tbh. In it I've got exactly what I need. A plate and a spoon or maybe a spork. A nice cosy bed that pulls out. A TV. A fridge and an oven. I don't really need much. I'd like the compactness of it.
175995880,Please stay away from that weed...
175995881,"I used very low dose Klonopin for two weeks to help me sleep, when I started on Zoloft. It helped a lot. Never took it again but I’m glad I have it just in case. 12"
175995882,Thank you so much DT. _NAME_ bout to message u.
175995883,Electric Daisy by _NAME_
175995884,"This is a quick question for everyone. Like everyone else here I am anxious nearly all the time. I take meds which do help. My big question is why is it so hard for people like us to make a decision about something. As an example, I need another car. Mine is on its last leg. It would seem like a simple thing really. I just agonize all day, everyday about weather I should buy another car. Mine has too many miles and needs to much work to make it worthwhile to invest money into. My car still runs but I am afraid it will leave me somewhere when it does die. What I do is sit here everyday trying to decide what to do. I don't know why I am this way. All opinions are appreciated. God bless you all"
175995885,"Fukkk guys I took kratom and phenibut and now I feel worse in some ways and better in others - Mostly anxiety reducing. I'll try and quit these + weed as well. I can't wait for the NAC to arrive. I have a feeling that it helps but also because I know it helps, I'm aware of a placebo - That I'll be much happier.. being like how I was and able to have an improved cognition. I went to work and then spent like 3 hours researching crypto with no break. I'll try and go to sleep soon - Hopefully tomorrow will be better."
175995886,I just am filling up my calendar with a bunch of **** I don't care about.
175995887,"Morning Work. Got accepted into a specific publication on medium, to write about mental illness. The biggest one I believe. So my story will be shown to 38k people and that's just within the publication. And then the whole Medium website. Things are looking up slowly with everything else. Losing weight, too. Still."
174396359,"I was just playing on my xbox, I love videogames"
175995888,"Haven't played much this week because I've been pretty busy but I will be playing a lot of Pokemon Sword and Stardew Valley this weekend. So much to do in both games. I need to complete my Pokedex and have a long way to go, the wild area is so cool. And I can't wait till the expansions come out"
175995889,I'm not prescribing this to anyone but what just helped me get out of a negative state is listing down three things I'm grateful for.
175995890,"I think I'm going to buy the Pokémon DLC when it comes out. It looks fun and exciting! Right now, I've been watching movies on my iPad. Don't have my Switch on me because I am at my parents' house, but I plan to play more fire emblem and then start Ys (which I bought on the eShop during the holiday sales)."
175995891,I’m sorry you’re struggling......
175995892,"Hi, I'm so sorry you are struggling with so much worry and anxiety. When I was your age, I had some of the same! Mostly about losing my mom, because my dad had died when I was a child. When I started reading, I though ahhh, this person doesn't know about Christ -- but as I continued, I see you do. That's great! In regards to what happens when we die...that depends on whether we make it to Heaven. I'm not going to talk about that other place in this reply, because you alone have control if you are going to Heaven! It's not about being just a ""good"" person, it's about faith in Jesus, and obedience to God's commands. (Goodness comes out of those things. ?). The Bible says about Jesus in _NAME_ 11:26, ""Everyone who lives in me and believes in me will never ever die."" So if you believe that Jesus is the only begotten Son of God, and that He died to Save you from your sins then you will go to Heaven! Your soul or consciousness goes with you to Heaven, where you will receive a new, glorified body. In 
Phillipians 3:20-21, the Bible says, ""But our citizenship is in heaven, and from it we await a Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, who will transform our lowly body to be like his glorious body, by the power that enables him even to subject all things to himself"". What we won't remember once we die and go to Heaven, is any of the hurts, fears, worries, sickness and suffering we endured in life. In Heaven you won't have a single fear or a single tear!! As magnificent as is this Earth and the galaxies which were all created by God...Heaven will be far, far more spectacular, beyond what we can even dream!!! More joyous, more filled with pure love and complete peace than we can ever imagine! This is why God wants us to tell people the good news, so they too can have faith and have assurance of Heaven!! I know that sounds too easy, but it's true. Read the Bible, but say a prayer asking God to help you to understand what you are reading. He knows when someone is serious and ready to learn, and when they aren't (In tha
t case, it is more difficult to understand). I know this reply is a lot to read, but I hope it helps. I was raised as a Christian and went to Catholic Church, but I had never read the Bible, and frankly, I didn't know a lot about Jesus. It wasn't until I was in my 30s that I started wanting to know more! I joined a Bible teaching church, started reading the Bible and listening to Christian music. My heart began to change. I accepted Jesus as my Lord & Savior and invited Him into my heart ? . I stopped worrying and started trusting that He knows what's best. I am at greater peace, and I have assurance that my faith will take me to Heaven when I die, and I know, without a doubt, that it will be a far, far better place than Earth. And living with our Heavenly Father, Jesus and all the saints and angels will be, well Heavenly!!! I suggest you check out some local churches and see if they have a Youth Group. Most do. See which one feels like the right fit. You'll have a good time and learn so much!! And you'll als
o have a support group of other young Christians like yourself who you could share your concerns with, and provide emotional support to one another. Oh, and in my case when I was in high school my worries about my mom ended up being for nothing. She lived to a ripe old age...and til after I was grown with a family of my own! I'm thinking your parents will too!!! Take your worries to the cross. Give them to Jesus, then let go of them. God bless you"
175995893,I somehow slept the whole day ...
175995894,I have a bunch of packages coming and I can't wait!
175995895,Yeah same I’ve been like one a week I talked to my psych about it before and I was fine for a while but it’s creeping back up on me again
175995896,"No you do not. It’s a one time shot, but you do still need to wait 2 weeks after your shot before your immunity is fully established."
175995897,Des what causes your heart paranoia
175995898,Yes!!! It’s about to rain! YESSSSSSSS!!! Gonna go make tea!
175995899,Not sure...it’s not my cup of tea....I think it’s because he remembers seeing it with his nieces in theaters.......
175995900,"Wow. That's a big accomplishment to overcome a heroin addiction. You should be proud of yourself for that. But as for the loneliness, I can understand that, bc altho you are lucky to have family you can talk to, you also need friends your own age. I don't even know how you can do that right now, with the Covid precautions. But there must be a lot of on line support groups, or just places on line you can meet people. That's about all I do right now is communicate with friends on line or on the phone."
175995901,It’s okay to be weird. It’s not like I’m normal.
175995902,"Thank you. I've always wondered this but have never asked my Pdoc. I thought the goal was to get rid of them but I also don't want to be a Zombie! The AP dose that I'm on which is Rexulti 4 mg which is the highest dose I think, already effects my affect and my level of lethargy. _PERSON_"
175995903,Getting that payment plan started was a step in the right direction. Soon I’ll talk to my care manager about helping me find volunteer opportunities.
175995904,Modern Eon - Mechanic (1981) - YouTube
175995905,"The disability checks pull you out of financial misery, but that's about all. You don't really live, you survive. Also, where I'm at, the state forbids disability beneficiaries to travel abroad for more than two weeks."
175995906,About to start Cat Deck the Halls
175995907,"It's tens of thousands of dollars worth of damage. Insurance doesn't cover ""vandalism"". Insurance is only paying for the door that got broken in after my mom changed the locks. I think they were doing drugs everywhere in the house. There was kids doing their homework where the needle was found and a play area in front of the room where the pipes were found. So idk.. I'm always doing something like this.. Like there's always a problem in life where I need to move or clean things.. It's annoying.. We're getting help from people in the town because it was a pretty quiet town - That's why the pimps and dealers took advantage of it because there was no cops."
175995908,"I'm incredibly happy that there's not a cloud in the sky. Snow covered mountains, cool air. When I visit my old isolated town and area, everyone's so social and weird. They talk about each other and are so judgmental. I love this Rocky Mountain town though. It's where all the outcasts go to find a home, become athletes, enjoy occasional Sunday night cocaine and weed every day (There's 3 weed stores here), hiking, mountain biking, skiing.."
175995909,"Journaling, books, therapy. I highly recommend therapy! These things together have really helped me! Healing is a journey. Be patient with yourself!"
175995910,"Got these movies at the library today I’m gonna try to make Spaghetti carbonara maybe next weekend. Never made it or had it before. My sister said it’s really good. Attached Images BFF3B72A-2D2E-457C-96F1-E282B7B4249E.jpg (220.1 KB, 11 views)"
175995911,"I'm so exhausted. I havent been writing. It's like I'm too busy to write, now. I have so much to do during the day. Work. And then on my days off I gotta do errands. The time I do have, at the end of the day, is when I want to relax. Have a drink or just lay in bed and rest because I'm exhausted from the day. Idk how to fit writing in between all of that. I'm not as busy on the weekends. Especially sunday. But then it's like I just watch TV on sunday and sometimes Saturday."
175995912,"I'm like addicted to Stardew valley now. It's the best, an hour playing passed in the blink of and eye , so relaxing"
175995913,Happy birthday _NAME_!!!
175995914,"Hey there, I got my vaccine on Friday. I go next month for the second one. I hope you get yours soon _PERSON_ and _NAME_. Here they did 65 and over plus essential workers first. Last week they started doing 50 and over. So here in US it is moving along. Best wishes to you both. _NAME_, I am sorry you are having a rough time. Hugs, _NAME_... More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season"
174396395,"In reality though, if my label changes from schizoaffective to bipolar 1 it doesn't mean much. My med regimen won't change because of it, I still experience psychosis, etc."
175995915,That’s so awesome!
175995916,"This is all very new to me, these last 3 months have been devastating; I never knew these things existed up-close, since I have not seen any close relative to be suffering from mental health issues. I have a 5 years son who is also mildly autistic, I was getting in terms in taking care of that child and doing everything I can, so that he can overcome his speech impairment; now my wife is been diagnosed with this severe disorder; but it all seems connected to my wife's family genetics; her father has similar autistic behavior which always felt really weird to me, I could never hold a good conversation with him on any topic, her sister has extreme mood and paranoid behavior, which is ruining their married life in most extreme ways. My wife has _PERSON_ delusions as well; where she thinks many times that I, my son & daughter are not real, and their sprits have been switched with some negative people or animals; like she thinks I or my son, is either an old guy who molested her in the childhood or we s
ometimes are replaced with pigs. The problem is that doctor is also confused, I took her to the office, and my wife then changed the story, that she received ""hurt your husband, because he is imposter"" kind of command few times a month ago, but she is okay for now. I don't know whatelse to do, I thinking she is now hiding this from me, because she is afraid of going to the hospital again."
175995917,"one more pain pill left, I am really sore. I hope i'm not infected or something"
175995918,I slept off and on today. And played animal crossing.
175995919,"I’m glad you see T soon. What do you normally do to counteract SH and depression.? I mean for me I may sure to do something either distracting or fun.....I actually used to keep a miniature coloring book and some markers at my desk and then do five minutes of that, not so much I’d get caught doing it but enough that it would help regulate my mood. I also used to keep something tactile like silly putty or something scented in my case mulling spices at my desk. Just because you’re at work doesn’t mean you can’t put in five minutes of self care."
175995920,Today I put on perfume. I'm wearing a new shirt that I've only worn one other time before. I'm wearing the cute sea turtle mask that I got at the Aquarium. Oh and I had coffee at work.
175995921,"Clean Sweatshirt Put on my beanie as it is wet, rainy, and cold today Put on my necklace, bracelet, and ring, Put on Perfume. Ate cereal for breakfast"
175995922,I was surprised anyone commented on this thread lately. I actually traded in my car and bought something I really like. It is only one year old and still under warranty. I am happy I did this as my life has been hard lately especially pain wise. Unfortunately my pain meds are almost gone before my next appointment in two days. Funny how the dr tells me to call if I have a problem. I have been going to the same drs office for over ten years. I called two weeks ago because of extra pain from my surgery and of course they did nothing to help. Now I have gone through my meds two days early. This will never happen again. God bless you all
175995923,"Are these the greatest things ever or what??? Eco-Friendly iPhone 6,7,8 Plus Cases by Pela– Pela Case I’m torn between the turtle and the penguin."
175995924,A pizza from the local convenience store
175995925,"Eating disorder talk. Possible trigger: I'm counting calories and I have in my head I have to eat under 1,000 calories. I know it's not healthy but I'm obsessed with keeping it a three digit number."
175995926,Thanks SK you’re right
175995927,Hope you feel better!
175995928,He’s wondering you live
175995929,"Hello Everyone, I found this forum in search for answers since I’ve been having the same symptoms as many of you. I started treating myself with a homeopathic doctor since the traditional route caused me more problems. In my case everything started with acid reflux and doctors prescribed me omeprazole, then omeprazole killed my stomach acid and wasn’t digesting food properly. When my symptoms began I went to the homeopathic doctor for a “gut restoration program” which consists of rebuilding your acid production and the intestinal mucosa in order for me to absorb nutrients. I was deficient in a lot of vitamins and minerals and started a gluten-free diet. One night I was rushed to the hospital because I thought I was having a heart attack in the middle of the night. They did an ekg and a bunch of other tests and everything came back fine. My homeopathic doctor helped me and It ended up being MAGNESIUM DEFICIENCY what was giving me the numbness in my arms and irregular heart palpitations. But 
I was still feeling sometimes like I was going to die when I was about to sleep. Feeling that I’m about to pass out and I would slap my self out of it and this made me paranoid when It was bedtime. I found something that’s been working for me and I just want to share my experience and hopefully help someone. I still have flare ups of these episodes sometimes but a lot less than what I used to and I think I know what triggers them. I started taking 2000 mcg of vitamin B-12 and suddenly my symptoms disappeared for a couple days. Then I noticed that I would have 5 good days and 2 bad days on average compared to me feeling awful all the time this was a HUGE improvement. But I still want to feel 100% 7 days a week, so I started watching closely what foods triggered these symptoms and turns out it has to do with the intrinsic factor and there are a lot of foods that block intrinsic factor production in your body. Intrinsic factor is the protein that help absorb B12 in your body and I found that in my “bad day
s” I had eaten something different that would block my B12 absorbtion for that day and I would feel the aftermath when it’s bedtime. The reason why doctors can’t figure this out easily is because when you get a lab done your B12 test would say you have enough B12 in you but that doesn’t measure the intracellular B12 levels and that’s what actually tells you if you’re absorbing it or not. To resume, all of these symptoms have to do with your gut. My diet consist of simple ingredients, Gluten-free diet and lactose free. Not saying this will work for everyone but it was necessary for me to find exactly what foods would trigger inflammation and other stuff. Hope this can help someone and if anyone has any questions or suggestions I would love to hear them! 12"
175995930,"Saw my T for an emergency appointment on Friday. She basically talked me down out of a crisis. She's great. Then she texted me Saturday, Sunday, and Today"
175995931,I’ve had it happen before that SSRIs send me hypomanic even after a couple days. But yeah never know. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175995932,Seriously. It’s kinda like what’s the point. I don’t even feel fear the same way. It’s strange. Part of the reason I went off was because of my libido. Not even slightest bit of difference since being off of them. Too late now I guess. Damage has been done.
175995933,Instacarting...aside from the not healthy salad I’m getting a chocolate pie and some drumstick ice creams....I’ve been craving them for some reason. I posted a pic of me from my fb memories at the zoo like days after my diagnosis...most notably I was thin....
175995934,"Dear _AT_MENTION_, thank you!!"
175995935,"I feel aweful when i wake up, i desperatly want to go back to sleep but it doesnt work. Also noticed i get more feelings when im tired and going to sleep, espacially at afternoon nap, i kind of feel more bodily sensations and an urge to move my body. I assume my true self controls the dreams and thats why i hate waking up so much, and also i hate my life"
175995936,"that sounds like severe anxiety... are you willing to take some meds? talk to your doc aobut that - anxiety is brutal. sertraline helped me a lot, even with a low dose it might make a big difference. i know how it feels to suffer from anxiety... mine went into full blown panick attacks. there is help - but you need to open up promise me to get help :) _NAME_"
175995937,eeeeeeeeh My life is what it is It is what it is!!
175995938,I hope it works well for you. Did you see your pdoc yet?
175995939,"Hello everyone. Today will be day 10 on lexapro, so far I am still feeling good. I got my appetite back which is great! I still have my moments of minimal anxiety in the mornings and emotions up and down but I know part of this is due to my menstrual cycle coming up but overall I’m doing great! I saw my doctor for a follow up a few days ago and he had authorized me to return to work on the 7th. It’ll have been almost a month that I was on leave. It’s been nice but sort of boring haha I ran out of shows to binge on on Netflix. But I do have to admit i love being able to be home with my baby Thank you all for your support. I pray everyone is doing well. Sending positive vibes"
175995940,"Part of taking on certain roles and responsibilities in life is accepting that sooner or later, people will hear something in the way I talk. There's an oddness in how I phrase things, or maybe in my facial (in)expression. The thing that bothers me and makes it hard to relax is wondering how people really feel about it. There's so much adoration when remote subjects like celebrities and fictional characters have an oddness, or when it comes out in literature/poetry, but I struggle to understand how they feel about it when it's in front of them."
175995941,_PERSON_ Pepper is the best
175995942,New whistling tea kettle from Amazon
175995943,"Yeah, I was thinking about asking my PCP to do blood work to make sure I hadn't messed up my kidneys or something but I don't know. I'm feeling mostly better now. Not great, but not as bad as I was then. HUGS Kit."
175995944,"Learning puzzles of my grandson _PERSON_ , hes 2. and a charger for the little kids outside tractor. and barbie car!"
175995945,Gang-Stalking - Mobbed UK new real TI supportive network.
175995946,I’m glad you were able to overcome your earlier lethargy.....
175995947,Yoga rocks. Favorite position or move?
175995948,I had to take _NAME_ (baby kitty) to the vet this morning for a check up and it was time for some shots. Luckily it was covered by the pet insurance I have on her. It was so hard to leave her there because she was meowing so pitifully. Luckily my Dad texted me around lunchtime and told me that he went and got her from the vet. So she is home now. That's good because I was worried about her.
175995949,"good morning peeps I had a nice day with my family yesterday, did the laundry and visited. We watched some episodes of American Gods after dinner. I started another book so I'll probably read most of the day, do some yoga, feed the critters out on my deck... Hang in there today everybody, C"
175995950,"Spent 3 hours at my apartment, about to go back to my grandmas now."
175995951,"Eh I don’t really care anymore if people know about my mood and delusional stuff. I don’t think there’s enough info on here to really identify me. I don’t use my name or any big specific details. Hell, I don’t even mention what kind of music or movies I like. There are some things and thoughts I don’t mention but most I’m pretty open with. Even telling my family about them."
175995952,"Hi _PERSON_ - I recently had horrible anxiety over moving as well. It is hard, there is no doubt about it. I went into a smaller space as well, so there were a lot of things that didn't make the cut. What you're feeling is absolutely normal, especially for people such as ourselves that get anxiety about just about anything and everything. It is a huge change and you're processing it the only way you know how. Just remember that once you're settled, that anxiety will start to settle as well. Wishing you all the best!"
175995953,I’m thinking about giving away my switch
174396438,"seriously. maybe it...the affliction, if you will...does fit better on the schizoaffective side of things... or maybe, not. the MDs keep putting me down for Bipolar I, the talky ones for Schizoaffective. Truth? who knows? but my community...its almost like...loser in HS, messed up at college...sounds like a fairly typical school to prison pipeline story (long story...family was working class/lower middle class, now they've moved up a lot...), but... i dunno. i was given shock, not voluntarily, a long time ago...in my early 20s. im not angry or bitter about it now, which is kind of...strange, i guess...but its easy for me to shrug it off, now...I have a good family, my faith, somehow my IQ estimate is high enough for me to think of it, more and more, as the _USER_ID_ nightmare of 'back then...' antidepressants help. LOL. seriously, though...in my situation, ""Schizophrenia"" might be a step up, no matter what the 'real diagnosis' is, today, next week, whatever. socially...im essentially a resented, 
stigmatized non-entity. Schizophrenia is kind of like being...dead, socially. there, but not there. seen, not usually heard. oh well. how does Schizophrenia play out, socially, in your life?"
175995954,A spansule to wake up.. I think they might actually be lasting 8 hours not sure (For wakefulness at least) and 6 hours for focus. But I'm very focused now. Just tired. Gonna skip my morning coffee today and see if it helps with my heart rate once I take the next SPANSULE... 15mg is good for the morning.. 10mg is good for the afternoon.. But I'm taking 15mg in the afternoon as well until I see my doctor again... Thanks for the support and Happy Birthday Cog!! I've never been focused and a little tired before. They're very potent. It's a sulfate salt instead of hydrochloride.
175995955,"Yeah it’s bittersweet...hugs....I still miss my bird it’s been quite some time. The ones that really touch you, it’s hard...."
175995956,Peanut butter Strawberry Jam Chocolate Chips (for baking) 2 cans of coconut water M&M candy bar Lipton black tea bags 20pk.
175995957,"I went to coffee last night with a friend before T appointment. It was good to see her, it had been like three weeks. I felt very ""normal"" for once."
175995958,I had cream of wheat for breakfast.
175995959,I had a wisdom done with _PERSON_...they just break the tooth into littler pieces to pull out the roots....at least that’s what they did for me.....
175995960,"I'm trying to take it easy for the next few days because have writers block took a toll on me. so less music, clearer mind, effortless thoughts, enjoy some stuff here and there. Maybe something with dawn on me."
175995961,That’s really awesome!
175995962,I've done it some with T. I don't love it but it's not terrible.
175995963,I really liked this post. Don't stop writing. Seriously.
175995964,"My question was more generalized, I wonder if _NAME_ would have become a murderer, if it was his fate. There is a scene where he asks his father something about his future, for example: “will I be always this way?” (I don't remind the question exactly), and the father: “yes”. How can he know it for sure? Doesn't it risk influencing the child's self-image and then behavior? Right. Thanks for the suggestion!"
175995965,Sugar Vanilla Extract Candy bar bagel bites
175995966,I feel I have to talk but I don’t know what to talk about. Crazy crazy crazy everyone busy. Everyone always so busy. My mom is busy my sister is working I’m trying to study but it’s not happening very well I studied this morning though so that’s good I got some studying in and I studied all day and night yesterday. Hmm.
175995967,"Has anyone ever told you that you may have a heart murmur? Mine skips a beat once in awhile, it is from the murmur. I don't feel it though. If my blood sugar gets too low, then I can hear and feel my heart beat. I hope you get answers, but it does sound like anxiety and yes they feed off of each other. Best wishes to you... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175995968,Sorry to hear that. I feel bad for him.
175995969,"_NAME_, how have you been?"
175995970,A banana and some peppermint tea
175995971,Wow it looks wonderful 12am! ?
175995972,My mom told me to tell my boss that I'm only working 3 days a week again. I said I would work 5 days because I felt bad for his restaurant and him having to do the dishes. But I can't wake up at 6-7am. It's not good for my health. I need a lot of sleep - Maybe cuz of the antipsychotic.
175995973,"Before, During, and After Converted our dining room into a mini home gym But still need to get a _NAME_ and some more weights than what we already have. And a bar. Gonna put some pics up like wall art and then a little table in the corner we already have to place a music player."
175995974,"I am in a similar situation! I appreciate your honesty. For me alcohol is the only thing that numbs my inner traumas and it's when i am buzzed that i can look at the situations that harmed me without pain. With clear objectivity... I plan on working on my therapy so i won't need alcohol someday? I also know i used to believe exactly the same things verbatim, until alcohol started causing more problems than it solved or masked. I creeps up on you and can become very toxic to your life. Be careful!!! Stay honest and keep your eyes open. Thanks for the great post."
175995975,"1 Holy Scriptures ""Tree of Life"" version. ""Born a Crime"" autob by _NAME_, Healing Remedies (acupuncture, aromatherapy ayurveda, Chinese Med, Herbs, Homeopathy, Home or folk Remedies,. Seeking possible complementary remedies."
175995976,"I'm in my moms room cuz she won't let me bring her fan into my room. I want an apple watch, the new ipad and a fan. I will buy the fan tomorrow. Also a few opioids maybe. Good idea? No? Fine! I won't then.. It's good to work and have money. Although I'd like to be an entrepreneur.. But I'm more of a writer/musician type so Idk what I can do. I'm gonna give up on being a scientist if my logical brain deteriorates anymore than it already has."
175995977,"Great drawings, _AT_MENTION_"
175995978,"That's amazing, really pretty BB. I'm happy for you!!!"
175995979,Making chocolate chip/peanut butter chip blondies in a little while
175995980,"I have no idea about color pencils, sorry."
175995981,"Could be, you just got an injection today right? Do you feel like moving around?"
175995982,We have to do a driving test to make sure I can see the road at night.....
175995983,They like the helping. That's the best part. They say the hardest part is seeing people struggle. And sometimes coworkers.
175995984,"Thanks desoxyn. I need to remember that maintaining isn't bad in and of itself. Sometimes, it's all we can manage."
175995985,"Glad to hear that, that's great"
175995986,"I think we may be here another year. I don’t want to do that but we just don’t have the money for a down payment and my credit is bad anyway. I guess I can take a year to build my credit and savings. Really, really sucks. But then maybe we can get a house next year."
175995987,"For me, the small groups and interaction like we have here are so very critical to me wellness in that I don't feel quiet as alone, misunderstood, ostracized, freakish, and so many other negative unhealthy terms. Others understand at a greater level than your ordinary average person. Sometimes I like to think of it as being a superhero with special powers that I just haven't figured out how to harness and control/manage yet and so I'm burning through walls with my laser eyes, crushing my coffee cup when I sneeze, tearing the car door off when I try to get in the car, and flying about 200 feet off the ground and then forgetting how to fly, so I fall back down like a rock to the ground. Groups are also helpful for hearing new ideas and ways that I haven't thought of yet."
175995988,"Had a great time with my sister having lunch and coffee. It's snowing a lot, we're supposed to get up to 18 inches, it's already accumulated quite a bit. I have a mouse and mousepad now she gave me for my laptop, so I can start playing PC games like the Sims and Assassins _NAME_. I talked to my nephew on the phone, it was nice to hear his voice, he's been in prison for 4 years, has 3 more until he gets out. Possible trigger: He had a heroin problem , I miss him, we grew up almost like brother and sister because we're the same age, two months apart. Got a bunch of necessities for my apartment, cleaning supplies, etc just the typical stuff I need to get every month."
175995989,And today I took my prescribed & supplements again.
175995990,Fell asleep at ~3am woke up at 3pm. Will try and sleep at 2am wake up at 9:30am to see the doctor.
175995991,"Morning Had coffee, took my meds, took sarcosine that sp recommended for motivation, and had a cig. My dad is back from his vacation."
175995992,"A coworker once told me ""You don't seem enthusiastic about this job"" and I was like ""I am"" - Trying to convince him.. It was weird. I'm so introverted that there's certain jobs that I can't do. I could do them easily on high doses of phenibut though lol.. I enjoyed my job before the pandemic.. I was just washing dishes. No one bothered me and left me alone. I made a good amount of money too."
175995993,"I've volunteered for MOW going on 3 years. Some days I help pack, other days I deliver (I don't work everyday). As with any job, the people you work with play a big part in how well you enjoy it, and there are a lot of wonderful people who work in the kitchen. These days we all wear masks and try to keep a safe distance, as best we can. I especially enjoy delivering meals; these days I have about 20 stops. Now with the COVID situation, most of our clients leave a cooler on their porch, and after I place their meal inside, I'll step back a ways and wait for them to come out so I can still greet them to be sure they're okay. The program heavily relies on volunteers, so I hope any folks here considering a volunteer job will check them out. It's very rewarding knowing you're providing help for those in most need."
175995994,Yes!!!!!
175995995,"Okay, I will try."
175995996,They liked me enough in my first interview they’ve asked for a second interview on Friday! Excited and nervous!
175995997,"Stranger Things of course. Shameless , one of the most hilarious shows I have ever seen but it’s not for everyone, if you get offended easily just pass it by. My husband and I really enjoyed a show “ switched at birth” it revolves around 2 girls and there family dealing with it all. One of the girls is deaf and many of the characters are deafer also for real. I learned a lot of sign language. It’s was on ABC family , so a good choice for family viewing. _PERSON_ was great too!"
175995998,101 Ways to Chill Out and Reduce Stress - Ditch the Label
175995999,"Hey Everybody! How's everyone today? I'm not great. I SH-_NAME_ this morning and I'm dealing with some anxiety. Can't wait for the weekend, except I have to take my diabetic cat to the vet and I don't know how expensive that's going to be, but I have Monday off of work so I'm excited for the three day weekend. Going to the mountains too. Should be nice. Going with my parents. HUGS to everyone, _PERSON_"
175996000,Oh shyt ok I forgot
175996001,An apple and water
175996002,"The nursing home is finally starting to open, yay! But I'm worried about vaping. What if it's no longer allowed? I wonder how many of the smokers will stay quit."
175996003,"I view it as a silent self talk live streaming, or what the UN has termed Cyber Torture by _PERSON_. It may be possible to induce actual voices into your head or ears remotely via some WBAN still looking into it."
174396494,"My doctor said that I shouldn't try to figure out why my panic attacks went away when they went away last year - So I did.. But they came back again this summer. It was completely horrible. I must have had about 20 full blown panic attacks this summer. I also seemed to be having trauma-induced psychosis (Which is why they were contemplating giving me Haldol in the hospital when I had that 5 hour panic attack). The guy from ""Vsauce"" (_NAME_) made an episode where he went to Peru to drink Ayahuasca. What I know is that psychedelics cause ""Ego dissolution/Ego death"" and decrease activity in the ""Default Mode Network"" in the brain. It's basically the brain trying to understand its own ego and then the connections strengthen and become stronger. Schizophrenia is chronically ""reduced Default Mode Network connectivity"". ""Olanzepine modulates the Default Mode Network"" - That's why the olanzepine killed my dissociative/psychotic panic attacks and psychedelic flashbacks. So far I'll figure this out
.."
175996004,"Like how geodon was for you, it picks you up not makes you lethargic....."
175996005,"im feeling better mentally today, worse physically"
175996006,"No, I've been taking them"
175996007,Oh and idk if I mentioned this ever but my roommate dipped out on May 1 even though the lease is until may 31. _USER_ID_ that she dipped. I paid my half of the rent. I dont want to live with her anyway. But she's refusing to pay her part of the utility bills for April. I'm hella pissed at her. I am SP FREAKING GLAD I wont have to have a roommate EVER AGAIN
175996008,Idk if my doctor wants me to go that high. If I feel bad tomorrow I’ll call him and ask him what to do. I just feel like I’m being so annoying calling everyone and talking about **** so much.
175996009,Hi Folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_.
175996010,yBlue.yay!
175996011,"I'm getting one too when I make it to 2 years recovery from my _NAME_ I have quite awhile to go though. I also think it's nice to have something to hold on to physically with you at all times, can help with grounding from anxiety"
175996012,Rest of the day is going to be spent reading A Christmas _NAME_ by _NAME_ and watching Christmas movies ?
175996013,"Although this post is somewhat old, did you end up pursuing doctorate studies? Schizotypal personalities would probably provide fresh insights into the arts and even the sciences. A weird mind is always good for science once it reaches a stale period."
175996014,Parmesan noodles. Now having an iced coffee to cool off
175996015,Spent an hour cleaning
175996016,"Tomorrow I'm driving deep into the Rocky Mountains.. I'm not sure if there will be cell phone service on the way - If there isn't, I'll be reading my books cuz there won't be any distractions. My mom needs a break - So we'll be hiking in that really beautiful place. Hopefully when we're back, we'll be less stressed."
175996017,"I might be trying to get a second job sometime soon. I was thinking about getting a job in a cafe like what I used to do. It was a few years ago that I worked in a cafe. Anyway, I remember it was good for socializing, and I have trouble with that in general. I sometimes feel super isolated, so it'd be good to get out of my head. Anyway, I applied for one cafe job today. They wanted me to come there to apply, but I just sent them my resume by email. I should probably go down there at some point. I finally worked up the courage to do my remote job today, which was good because now I have more confidence. I remember working at the cafe before really got me out of my own head all the time. It's nice not to have to worry about my own thoughts. That's how I felt there when I worked there. Anyway, I'm going to try to get hired somewhere like a cafe and see if I can do that again. I hope everyone's having a decent night."
175996018,"Hi _NAME_ I’m sorry you’re struggling... I deal with depression and anxiety too and it can be really hard, especially right now when we can’t go out as much. Something I’ve held onto for a long time is the idea that life is cyclical - it gets better at times and worse at times but never stays there forever. I’m not sure if that will be helpful to you, but it has been to me, and I’ve seen life work that way. If you’re at a place where you just want something that might help, I would suggest a book called Feeling Good by Dr. _NAME_. One of my psychiatrists recommended it for me. Maybe you could look into that? I would love to hear more about you and for you to keep us updated. Don’t go through this alone ?"
175996019,Thanks. _PERSON_ I agree
175996020,"I forgot Apple is having their keynote in VR. Ate some cereal. Don’t worry, it was almond milk!"
175996021,"It was like his nightmare projection. Don't feel bad about it, he doesn't know you at all."
175996022,Wow! That’s fast....congrats!
175996023,"Groceries. Chobani Greek yogurt, applesauce, an orange, butter, and peanut butter"
175996024,"While I'm not a psychiatrist. I do have a degree in psychology and psych research and I'm an avid reader of anything mental health related...and I'm 99% positive there is no chemical, genetic or any other direct link btwn liking guns and libido. What I DO Know for a FACT is that any type of psychotropic meds can have a huge effect and lower your libido or make it hard to orgasm. (Trust me, I have zero interest in sex and cant orgasmh ever since I started trying psych meds 15 years ago. Some meds effect libido worse than others so definately talk to your doctor. Are ur current meds working or would u be willing to try something new or lower your dosage? If the meds do work, u need to weigh the costs and benefits of your current mental state on the drugs your on and the importance of having a sex drive and how that may affect your marriage. I do have another question. You said you get excited about guns...does that mean sexually or just emotionally excited. If it's the first, talk to your dr bc I don
t have experience with that. If you just get emotionally excited like a kid at Christmas around guns, that seems ok unless it turns into an unhealthy obsession, possibly a form of addiction. Has guns taken over your life, all your free time, do you spend more than u can afford on more and more guns? Other than with ur wife have guns negatively effected your home life, work, financials, etc. Can you think about anything else other than guns when your doing everyday things. In other words talk to ur dr and maybe take a free addiction test online from a valid mental health website. Last thing I want to ask is how are you doing lately? Are ur meds working or are u like me. Even if it gets better theres always several symptoms that never get better? I'm asking bc I'm wondering about your mood, depression, anxiety, panic attacks etc and whether you've ever or more importantly, recently had thoughts about suicide. I'm worried that you may be in a bad place and as a result playing or talking about guns may give u som
e relief even excitement bc whether u realize it or not, it offers you a way out. Additionally I hope your not becoming one of those gun fanatics who have 100s of guns including assault weapons, and the illegal stuff bc u believe u need them bc ur expecting some sort of war or something similar to the attack on the capital bc u believe trump won the election. This would definitely be an example of an UNHEALTHY OBSESSION and I hope ill consider talking about it to a polotically neutral confidant or even someone who believes in gun regulation. Please if your in any danger to yourself of anyone else, PLEASE talk to someone you trust but isn't a fanatic for guns like u so you can get a neutral point of view on ur guns interest and if its unhealthy. So to sum up, it wife had no psychiatric training what so ever so u can be sure that throwing out your guns or getting more won't have any effect on libido! 99% positive it's your meds. TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR ABOUT EVERYTHING IVE MENTIONED. If u dont like the dr. Find som
eone u TRUST and can talk to about sensitive issues (u may prefer a Male physician for the libido talk. And if you're not seeing a psychiatrist, just a general practitioner, find a shrink asap! GP's dont know a whole lot about the chemistry of psych meds, how they interact and how to manage side effects. If you ever need to talk, confide in someone, or need help finding a professional please contact me. Please stay safe! And make an appointment with a psychiatrist today or at least asap!!!"
175996025,"Honestly this is making me sick to my stomach, in a panic. _PERSON_ I worry about fiancé. And my sister who don’t wear freaking masks. I haven’t a few times. Like idek anymore. I had 3 or 4 and they all went missing due to giving them to fiancé to BORROW. Now IM shyt oughtta luck. Just ordered some from amazon set to come this weekend."
175996026,"This week has been rough....I don’t know why but sometimes I just absorb other people’s stuff and it makes me sad or irritable. Everyone around me has been sick, first my sister and then the bf is having back issues...possibly more severe than I first thought....it’s radiating down his legs now. Even my psychiatrist lost two people in India when I spoke to her last week. Somehow in combination with the covid restrictions where I can’t even see my family, I’m just kinda sinking a bit. Trying to get myself motivated to walk outside for a bit but that might end up being a once a week thing, cause I’m like I just saw the pond yesterday. Maybe I need more stuff from amazon or something? I made the mistake of listening to downtempo music and that’s made everything worse in its own way. Have on dance now to try and correct it. It’s like there is no one to take care of me right now, everyone needs my help so I’m on my own. I don’t know how my dad handles all this with my mom and sister 
being sick all the time and he has to be the responsible one. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
175996027,"No it’s okay, I understood, you didn’t offend me , my replies kind of ramble and don’t make sense at times but I liked your reply"
175996028,yeah I've been taking them despite wanting to stop them.
175996029,with CPS and such... my anxiety has increased and I have felt nauseous. Major cleaning right now. Needing a shower...
175996030,I’m tired of acting like a T for the bf. I swear he’s always upset about something. It doesn’t matter if he’s got a good job he always complains and it’s like an hour at a time. You know when you first meet it’s like oh maybe it’s just his current situation but four years and five jobs later I realize it’s just him and he’s not willing to do anything like therapy to better his situation. He just freaks out over the tiniest things. Last week he said he couldn’t stand to be the bottom rank....this week it’s all the different things he has to do...like he wants more routine. Part of the problem is me...I’ve never been a long talker and he likes to talk forever. So I run out of new stuff in like five minutes...I’m just not sure how to get to a point where our conversation is pleasant. He’s so focused on the negative it’s really pushing me away.
175996031,"Yeah, I'm sometimes not so good at keeping an eye on those other needs. Makes sense though."
174396549,"Everybody's schizophrenia is different. Most people have a decline, my cognition remains intact but my emotions have declined to the point where I mostly feel negative emotions. I lived with my mom for a year and a half, id' still be with her if she didn't have to move to florida. I went through delusions, trauma, panic attacks, anxiety, acute depression, bipolar mood swings, akathasia. anhedonia, most of the time, these things overlap on each other as they do now. If you need to live with your mother that's fine. I love my mom and I loved living with her. We understood each other and cared. I'm glad that you have disability. I understand feeling about feeling like a loser because that was my biggest fear in life, so I started to write stories and perfect my craft. I still have a ways to go, but I'm improving. I'm on my 4th story now. and I'm feeling good about it. I also have a blog where I share my reflections and art. Is there a way for you to help others some how? I do it through ideas mostly b
ut others do it through religion, art, love, or truth. Maybe work part time in a nursing home talking it up with the elderly, helping them out. Some way that helps you stay connected, grounded to reality, often it's through social cohesion in some manner. I write stories to share with others."
175996032,"I totally forgot to take my AD's on Saturday and Vyvanse and so I ended up sleeping practically the whole day. Yesterday was better, but I took my AD's and Vyvanse and I gave blood, they were doing a drive at my Church, so I was like, whatev, yeah, I'll do it. Feels good to help people and all that. Then I went to Church but I was late because of giving blood. Then I went and did some errands. Mostly hung out with my Dad in the afternoon. Pretty good day. Today I'm tired and migrainey. I'm at work and I did a lot of work this morning but not as much this afternoon. Kind of over it. Still worried I'm going to lose my job with the buy out. The guy from the buy out company is here and I kind of want to ask him but I dunno if that is a bad idea. HUGS to everyone! _PERSON_"
175996033,Fever means your body is fighting something.. Let it fight.. It will fight..
174396545,"Is the thing about DOING THINGS that I complain about all the time such as not reading books or watching movies etc and laying in bed all day doing nothing catatonia?? I'm sick of it. I'm going to get my psychiatrist to lower the injection from 150mg to 100mg then microdose my psychedelics for; Increased empathy and sociability Introspection Mood enhancement Visual clarity and color enhancement Motivation and energy Relaxation, peace, and contentedness Mental clarity and focus How can schizophrenia last forever? That's really not fair. I don't have schizophrenia because I deny it! I am in denial.."
175996034,Had half of a subway sandwich for lunch: roast beef. And a cup of peaches. I am drinking plain black Iced Tea unsweetened. Though I will probably switch to Dr Pepper soon.
175996035,Here is a bit of blue sky 10 degrees F. Few days ago it was -50 degrees F =]
175996036,This is how I slept apparently
175996037,"There was a short article about Bipolar disorder and _NAME_ book An Unquiet Mind in my diocese's weekly Catholic newspaper, it was cool to see mental illness being discussed more openly"
175996038,Sounds good! Hope it arrives today
175996039,Which one would I benefit from more?
175996040,"Hey, So, I have been told to work from home during this crisis. It surprised and delighted me at first. I work in food service, so ""working from home"" is a rare thing. I actually have lots to do. I have lots of administrative things to do that I do not get to when we are open and I am working in the kitchen making food. But, I am having a hard time making myself do anything. I just keep staring at the screen. I check email, answer one, then go back to staring I am horribly depressed. I am technically functioning, but just barely. I am just so sad. There is no reason for me to be this sad. No reason at all... but I am. I guess that is depression. Does not matter how good your life is, you still feel sad. I find it frustrating. I am a logical person. Exhibit A should be in direct correlation with Feeling B. And it just does not work that way. I hate it. I feel like I am heading toward the hospital. I really, really do not want to go. No one likes the hospital, but the COVID-19 will make it even wor
se. I feel like it is a weakness. A flaw in myself. I KNOW it is not, but I FEEL like it is. I do the CBT and DBT stuff. I talk to my support team, let them know how I am doing. But, I am doing very poorly. Very, very poorly. Will it get better? I am in such a dark dark place that I cannot see it. But, I am also determined not to let it get to a point that …. I just don't know. Too sad, confused, unable to concentrate to even figure it out."
175996041,"Yeah my heart fear is way better ^^ I'm able to have a panic attack without wanting to go to the ER. I went like 3 times last year to the ER because I was so scared. Now panic attacks aren't as scary... ""Your heats is fine"" ""Your heart is fine"" ""Your heart is fine"" ..."
174396570,"I'm doing ok. I was going to go to a bar with a woman until I was told the bar in that area is a cluster for covid-19. So, that was the end of that. I am doing well. I am still working mornings and nights. I like working because it gives me something to do and I get paid. I am making more money this month because I am getting more students. I hope I don't blow up though. So far so good. I am balancing my off time with places to eat and meeting new people. I am happy. Why shouldn't I be? I am working, eating out occasionally, and sleeping well. I take my medication at night now because I can sleep better this way. I am doing really well and am grateful for all that I have. I was once homeless and on the streets so living a semi-normal life is quite a impressive step for me. I feel great although I should exercise more. I am meeting another woman hopefully this weekend. She is really pretty and nice so far. So, life continues and is going well!!"
175996042,Oh yea. I ordered like 4 or 5...I think 5 live succulents on amazon. For like 20 dollars in a pack. I noticed they come in a pack up to 250 or more. Crazy. But they don’t ship over 150.
174396569,"I am getting to 20 hours and am so close that it is a nail-biting experience. I am doing well. I met the man yesterday and it went well. He is funny and interesting. I don't expect to marry him but hope we can be friends and lovers if we both have the time. My work is exhausting. I work from 6am then have a 10 hour break in between then work until about 11pm. It is not easy although I'm just working a few hours a day. My sleep schedule is off now. I feel ok today though. I am grateful that I have work. I feel blessed about my life. I am earning money and doing fine. My former psydoc said I could never get disability and it is not worth it anyways, he said. Whatever!! I have no opinion about people on it. I thought when I was really psychotic, I could get it. But, he said no. Well, it made me determined to find a job!! And, here I am working. So, not all endings are bad. I feel great!! Thank you all for your support!!"
175996043,It's pretty nice
175996044,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members]. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! TeamInspire"
175996045,60mph wind and hail
175996046,"Gonna go to the comcast store today and replace my cable box. Kinda nervous, but I'll be ok, my grandfather will be with me."
175996047,Had to go get blood work done today and that triggered me too.
175996048,"I have been struggling with coping with my past trauma of abuse/assault. I can't sleep, have lost my appetite and often feel extremely anxious. I have lived so much of my life in survival mode and trying to find a balance seem really hard. My coping is to not feel or think of my experiences but now it's starting to really affect all parts of my life. I don't know what to do and often feel so alone. I know there are other victims out there who have been able to find strength and live happy/healthy lives. Am so ready to be rid of all the broken parts of myself and be able to heal. How do I find the strength?"
175996049,Felt as horrible this morning as I did when I went to sleep.
175996050,"paranoid tonight, been better lately."
175996051,"Hello _PERSON_, I have had similar experiences in my life. The first thing I learned is that it was not my fault. Second is that self harming was not the way though my pain and confusion . My problems that being molested by a trusted family member was bigger than I could handle alone . Again you did nothing wrong . Self harm does not help work though the feelings. When the feelings get to be to much that It feels like I can't get away from them , I try to make a deal with myself that , ""I just won't harm my self right now . Telling my self I can do it later , But just not now. Each time I can do that I try for a little longer. Some times I can say , No self harm till tomorrow Just by you typing the words of what happen to you takes so much courage ! Keep reaching out for help . Its a long road to healing , but it can be done. I believe in you."
175996052,Nm my credit went down cuz a collections.
175996053,"One thing that helps me avoiding binge eating from meds is keeping myself busy. Whenever I have too much time on my hands I tend to eat out of boredom like many people do. Also, I eat and buy healthy food and try not to buy large amounts of junk food so it's harder for me to get to. If I have a lot of junk food in the house I'm much more likely to binge on it. I also drink a lot of water and other no-calorie drinks like black coffee and teas throughout the day, this helps my appetite from getting out of control I know weight gain is frustrating, good luck"
175996054,"Hmmm. That's hard to answer. I really like how I feel on the stimulant and when I'm off it I am just really sleepy, lethargic and can't focus or get anything done. I haven't been off of it in a while though so it might be worse now. I don't know maybe I am addicted to it. I don't know if I could work without the stimulant and that's a problem because I got bills to pay! Wish I didn't but it's part of adulting. The sucky part."
175996055,Idk why I'm sad.
175996056,I got up in the middle of the night stumbling around the apartment like a drunk person trying to make something to eat and drink. Apparently I made a cup of tea cause it was sitting on my desk when I woke up this morning completely cold
175996057,I think I’m having some delusional thoughts again. They feel real but idk anymore. I’m confused. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175996058,He’s at work. My dad actually just left. I’m lonely I think cuz when he leaves it makes me very sad. I worry about him just cuz of his age and with covid and everything. I worry everyday. I have a few people I can reach out to. But I ever feel that certain loneliness when u only wanna be around 1 person? Yes that’s my dad rn
175996059,Nebraska furniture _NAME_ this Saturday!!!
175996060,"I don’t think it’s the Thorazine. I’ve been on it a year and haven’t had issues with it, I think the vraylar needs to be changed since that’s the recent one. I need to get on something that’s available as a generic anyway since my insurance won’t cover vraylar even with a prior authorization."
175996061,"I just recently discovered how awesome reddit is. I know, I'm way late. But anyway, I've been looking different threads like how coffee makes us happy, productivity tips, how to get up earlier in the day."
175996062,BC??????
175996063,It does!!! I love it so much.
175996064,Me too. I sometimes don't know what to write about. I write a journal daily though.
175996065,What does it feel like when your thoughts are stopped? What do they feel like when your thoughts are not stopped?
175996066,"Obviously, it must be something else since Bronchial Spasms can't last that long. Plus you have no wheezing or coughing. Sorry, back to Anxiety, I guess."
175996067,"That is cute bb I got the Razer computer brand, Sneki Snek plushie not too long ago. Razer sells gaming computer keyboards and mice, stuff like that. But they weirdly made a plushie. It was so weird because it came from South Korea and I’m like “Um wtf is coming from Korea? I didn’t buy anything from there?!” I was scared I thought it was gonna be like those poisonous seeds or something they been shipping from different countries."
175996068,"Thank you for making some good points here not taking medication has side effects, had not thought of it that way but it makes sense. Thanks _NAME_ Negative thinking, either I have learned it (fear) or it was a part of my childhood. My father had many mental health issues and our role was to be quiet and not upset him. Maybe anxiety is a part of my dna. I had my appointment and will try buspar. If not that one, then on to paxil."
175996069,Hi folks. It’s that time again to check in if you have the time. I had my first COVID vaccine at the weekend and had a couple of rough days. Hibee More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
175996070,Oh no _PERSON_ that doesnt sound good at all. If I did that I would be psychotic by now from lack of sleep.
175996071,"Hello. Post. And don't be all like ""I'll not post"". Just post damn it! We need memes! Memes! No jk.. I'm gonna go to the library today and get books.. _PERSON_ I need to read.."
175996072,Not the best
175996073,they're about 2 or 3 miles from us.
175996074,"_PERSON_ and welcome back ^^ Yeah I agree with _PERSON_, it shouldn't be a problem with generic, as the ingredients are the same. I used Sertraline in both brand and generic and I had same worries but I never felt any difference. I asked the pharmacist once if there is a difference, they said no it's just some difference in binding compounds but he said I wouldn't feel any difference."
175996075,"It's kinda intense , make sure to take care of yourself if it ends up bothering you at all"
175996076,"Hey guys.. woke up super late, around 12:30 pm. It's a little after 1 pm now. Just had my coffee. Today's going to be a reading day, that's mostly what I'm going to do. I'm reading two books, one by _NAME_ King and also The Wellness Workbook for Bipolar Disorder. Tomorrow I'm going to _USER_ID_ with my sister"
175996077,God.. I can't believe I watched the news before bed. It's like I'm in a scary movie.
175996078,I can't separate from my husband due to financial and emotional reasons. We live in the same house so I can't go online to meet a fun guy. I also can't drive in the city so I've been stuck for 9 years. Depression is better but severe ocd and lonliness overcome me. He's old and loves to watch football and Fox news all day. Relationships are so complex. If I had children and there's no physical abuse I'D stay in the marriage until they are out of the house. They are almost always the victims. Prayer and one day @ a time. That's all I can do. _NAME_.
175996079,"Hi... sorry to hear you have been struggling. So have I. You need to find a professional who can help. Psychiatrist is certainly the way to go. They are more knowledgeable than gps It sounds like you are more down than anxious. So not sure but the doc will know. Most important, you have to be patient w the med. but do give it another shot. It sounds like you can use it. I have been put on Zoloft w helps w anxiety quite a bit but had to wait a few weeks for it to fully kick in. And there were times I wanted to give up. If you are starting fresh they say 4-6 weeks, so that is what you have to prepare yourself for..... I walk obsessively... read... craft etc. t o take my mind off. But much better now. Good luck to you. Find someone good. Ask around and open up to a professional— ssri s do work! Big hugs. Xo. J"
175996080,I like the cider kind better but that’s just me
174396643,Yeah for accomplishing small goals! That's awesome! Sorry the day has been a bit discombobulating! HUGS Kit
175996081,"If you are looking to find the physical brain disorder, one that can be treated, and usually to the point of cure, while also being an infection that mainstream medicine will not currently acknowledge, consider Lyme. 3M people a year get it in the US, most without initially noticing, and since it's rarely diagnosed we have ongoing infections that affect an average about a third of US Americans in our lifetimes. You want to find out early because it can progress quickly and stubbornly and be expensive. At any rate, I am experiencing anxiety lately which I don't have much of a history of until the last few years. I had cleared up a Bartonella infection and then this Babesia red blood cell brain infection then grew like a new infection. Mostly I experience anxiety, fatigue, brain fog, brain pressure and sometimes odd but not particularly painful brain sensations. There are half a dozen diseases you can get from a tick (in multiples) and they are collectively called Lyme. I hope this helps and if it do
es, please come back and help others."
175996082,"If you’re talking about professionals, you can always go back if you feel the need. It’s not like you’re gone forever. People being happy for you is just that, happiness. They aren’t trying to push you in any way."
175996083,exactly! It's creepy. especially since I met him once or twice.
175996084,Keep having Possible trigger: suicidal thoughts
175996085,"Went to doctor. He refilled my meds. I went to the gas station to get an energy drink coffee and sat down to have a smoke and started talking with this middle aged woman that was also having a smoke. She just moved here in a camper and is getting a job and accomodation to move here. She's was a beekeeper and has a bachelor's of science. I asked her if it's true that all the bees are dying and she said her last 40 out of 42 hives died. I asked because my dads psychotic friend that smokes a lot of weed said that it's a conspiracy that they're all dying. _PERSON_ guy. She said ""Cheers to moving to _NAME_!"". I love really social people. It seems weird that I meet all these cool people while having a smoke.."
175996086,Happy birthday newtus
175996087,yes I did.
175996088,What is a reliable place to buy this stuff from? Those people posting said supplement makers made crap sarcosine. Thoughts?
175996089,No and no. But they shoot bees out of their mouths that are infected with the virus.
175996090,I like the idea and appreciate your initiative with getting this started. I'm currently in counseling for BPD which has been helpful but I think it would be helpful to connect with others who have received this diagnosis as well.
175996091,"I'll be honest, last night I was feeling like my meds were poison and didn't take my Latuda. So my sleep was a little off. But I recognize my doctor has my best interest at heart and isn't trying to steal my thoughts so I took my medication this morning. So exam today, then work tomorrow, and I talk to my doctor tomorrow afternoon. I wish my doctor would change up my meds more to try to help me get stable again. I don't really want to wait for the psychiatrist it could be weeks and I'm struggling. I have another course I have to finish up and I have work to do. If I didn't have deadlines I wouldn't worry and just wait it out but my focus is screwing with my ability to get things done and it's causing me more stress. I just am getting frustrated with everything."
175996092,Apple
175996093,YouTube
175996094,I'm so stressed out about this whole moving thing
175996095,Some coffee
175996096,Ohhhh boy. Heard my partner's partner's work and liked her work. Fired off some vocal demos her way and hoping it goes likewise. I am nervous. But optimistic. Hoping it works.
175996097,I’m so incredibly tired
174396653,"Result of the Moroccan Vegetable Stew: IMG_0312.jpg Hopefully, the picture works."
175996098,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about social anxiety. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Mental Health America search: social anxiety Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with social anxiety . You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to con
tinue reaching out! TeamInspire"
175996099,"Let Google Nest Hub make your ""wish"" a reality! https://www.forbes.com/sites/kateoflahertyuk/2020/01/03/google-suspends-xiaomi-from-nest-hub-after-major-camera-breach-a-stark-warning-for-all/#33526ef24275"
175996100,My vet said that’s a way they mark their territory by rubbing their face against things idk
175996101,"Gonna call my pdoc in an hour, need a new benzo or something."
175996102,"The sun is out and I was able to get out of the house today. Also I'm still very happy I was approved for social security disability, Yeah!! I have a big back yard to just soak up the sun and watch nature. That has improved my mood. I'm also taking drives listening to favorite music."
174396680,"This is what Schizophrenia looks like Exposing Broken Down Senior Covert Leader,Training all under Him illegally & Criminally Practising ! - YouTube"
175996103,"I had kratom this summer but threw it away cuz if I mix it with my beta blocker, I found it hard to breathe cuz it's an opie that's all opies want to do.. Is try and kill me.. JunkDNA likes it. She takes 50 grams a day. She likes opies."
175996104,I haven't watched TV in like 1.5 decades lol
175996105,I take Bupropion and trazodone for my depression and I still feel like this at times. Sometimes our thoughts get the best of us try to make it through it I usually rest a few days and then I'll have a good day. For relationships if you are worried about anyone wanting you it makes it harder. I was told by my psychiatrist that it would be very hard to ever hold a relationship together bcuz of my depression Bipolar disorder and OCD so I understand how hard it is
175996106,Yeah here too hibee. Stage 3 restrictions. HT.
175996107,Not quite sure. I Just know that it had some antipsychotic properties to it.
175996108,Ugh I dont feel like going to the therapist. I just want to stay home.
175996109,Is it normal to feel depression when a person stops drinking alcohol?
175996110,OK Here's the game plan for our living arrangements... until we get kicked out the apartment we're staying until the 31st. After that we go camping in the woods until I get my check from Social Security and hopefully I get more in stamps before too long and we're going to a hotel room until we figure out places we can stay at when we get the kids back..
175996111,Woke up depressed but did some gratitude journaling which helped a lot. Practicing gratitude is such a powerful tool for me. I will be spending the afternoon and evening with my family. We do this every Sunday and Wednesday. I really look forward to our weekly visits. That should also help boost my mood. Hope you all have a good day this Sunday.
175996112,My executive dysfunction is really ****ing bad. I can't do things. It's ****ing killing me. It's a long road to recovering.
175996113,a french vanilla pet odor candle
175996114,I took my prescribed but not the supplements yet.
175996115,Cinnamon oatmeal and an orange
175996116,"_PERSON_, you need to get some help! Their are all kinds of doctors for all kinds of issues that can do amazing things, and sometimes u need to medicate as well that would be up to your doctors. But believe me I have seen therapy and meds help so many people! I will continue to keep you in my prayers."
175996117,"I laugh because I know I should and I have intention to do it, but just argh time and motivation."
175996118,yea my pdoc said also that i have to be on the meds for life. It’s ok i think… things could be a lot worse.
175996119,"I might have went a little overboard ordering food the past week, but at least I won't have to deal with panicked grocery shoppers when we go into lockdown again here, which is very likely gonna happen"
175996120,No she’s okay right now. It’s just my son going to his gfs senior prom. I’m nervous about drinking and stupid stuff. Sounds like shopping for my husband. I find it extremely hard to shop for men.
175996121,I wish it was me.
175996122,"Now I know, I hate buffalo wild wings, and wing stop. Shyts trash. I've tasted better wings from the frozen section of walmart. Shyts pure trash. Hahaha. But...yea good morning. And the sauce from those places got me feeling bubbly."
175996123,"Oh, man, got a tooth just killing me. Ugh. Sleep will be rough, maybe not doable."
175996124,"The owner of the company left but she said she would be back in about a month, and the controller left. They fly out tomorrow morning but had a meeting in another city with some consultants of ours. They both told me I am doing a good job and not to let anyone tell me otherwise and they both thanked me for what I do. I hugged them both as they left. I probably won't see the controller again for a long time but it is nice to put a face with the name, as I am always sending her messages on skype and emailing her."
175996125,"Looks like I'm gonna have to wait til monday for my tooth, but I wont be able to go in til Tuesday. Cuz I work monday. Is anyone here? Maybe not cuz it's the weekend. I have this need to buy something right now, and i shouldn't go anywhere cuz of that, but I've already been to 2 places. Didnt buy anything tho."
175996126,"I'm suddenly feeling useless. Worthless. And I'm annoying you guys with all my ****. Ugh, I'm sorry for being such a bother."
175996127,"Seems like everyone meets online these days! Funny how technology makes things easier, but harder. I feel like with all the easy access to dating it's got much easier to meet people, but at the same time the technology has convinced our young people that perfection is out there. Just some input from an older person. _PERSON_ I would just worry about working on you first! Love yourself, then finding love will be easy."
175996128,"I feel as though my situation for my anhedonia is untreatable. I have this feeling, I don't know if it is true or not, that my meds have given me brain damage. I've given up hope... I gave it a fight for many years, tried many meds, gotten off a lot of meds, adjusted dosages, and it's just made my life worse off-- two steps backwards and one step forward as I heal the damage they've done."
175996129,"I’m feeling very paranoid and I was having hallucinations yesterday and last night. Not to mention I cried from 5am til 1am the next day, which was 1am this morning. And it’s just spilling over into today but I haven’t took my meds yet."
175996130,"Those are good points - I definitely have gotten better about throwing things in her face regarding money and financial support... We had another blow-up tonight because she talked with her sister about the situation. She is just upset at this point because I do not 100% understand... if you were in her shoes, what would you need to hear? I tell her I am trying and doing the best I can but she is hurt that I, her husband, does not understand the pain and bad feelings she feels."
175996131,"Hey _PERSON_, sometimes it may help if you remind yourself that Other people have a fear of speaking in front of a crowd. It may help if you announce your fear of talking when you begin. Try staring at something, may be a shirt an exit sign. Just try looking past the audience. Idk... are you a _USER_ID_, try making a joke about how awkward you feel speaking in front of others. I’m sure your class mates was dreading the assignment when they got the syllabus as well. Just remember you are only human, and in life you will face a lot of challenges, but embrace them and learn from them. Hey I heard picturing everyone in their underwear works. But I tried that and just got stuck in my words and lost my train of thought. Practically brain farted In front of everyone. _PERSON_ I can remember I had so much anxiety I sweated through my gray shirt. And my glasses wouldn’t stop sliding down my face. Just take a deep breath and remind yourself that you are only human and before you know it, it will be allll 
done. Your heart might want to beat out of your chest but I promise you, you will be alive and well. Hope it goes good for you. Best of luck ???"
175996132,Great news!!!
175996133,Can you crush metformin? I read that you can't crush the extended release version but I'm on the regular version
175996134,Yes I did. It felt good.
175996135,"Be careful, it's very possible to get addicted to Kratom. It might seem innocuous and a good stepping stone way from other chemicals but it's just another substitute. I don't mean to lecture. I just care for your well being man."
175996136,"That’s good, whatever gets you out of the house and is positive will really help."
175996137,We may or may not do ham for Easter....depends if we can get one for a decent price or not. Otherwise Boston market is a possibility.
175996138,Have you ever thought of combining resources with your dad and moving into one house? Its not for everyone but it works for some....
175996139,"My friend's mood is dropping again. He was worrying last night and almost short tempered today. I hate when his mood drops. I didn't get any CBD or Kratom today because my friend was expecting me to be searched when we came back today. I'm sick of this place. When I was coming back in from the vape break a nurse was trying to dig for info, and it wasn't any of her business. Who my friend is. So, what do people do when their s/o has mood swings and they don't know how to help? If we were living together again I'd make him tea and food. But we're not. I got 4 disposables (if I use them too much they only last maybe 3 nights) and a bottle of juice which I was tricked into buying which has salt nic instead of regular nic. It doesn't have much throat hit but it has a tastable flavor. It's supposed to be mango I think, but it doesn't taste like a good mango. I'd be happier if I had bought kratom and CBD."
175996140,"My experience has been very similar to yours. I've always been more extroverted in social settings but extremely closed off emotionally. It took me so long to reach out to someone the first time I had a depressive episode, and it caused even more suffering. Now I force myself to reach out to people when I'm not okay, and it helps me remember that I have a support system even when depression tries to convince me otherwise. Thanks for sharing!"
175996141,My mouth gets so dry it makes me nauseated Dry mouth also causes a lot of damage to teeth
174396715,"From 2014 late summer I have diagnosed schizophrenia. First they started to give me riset and zalasta. I was furious. I can't function. I was strict in arms legs no face movements. I gained a lot of weight. From 53 to 80. The restriction with pills is still but I'm on ariprizol now. I don't have friend, my family and relatives doesnt like me very much. All is like I'm falling and its like I'm death already. I don't have clue how to start the day and why should I be alive. I went to nutritionist. She only gave me list for eating based on candida respiratory (in mouth). I told the hole situation and that all I have is problem with eating, in the day Im only eating. And nothing I again have eating neddy. I go on fitnes but I don't want and not visited every day. Anyone suggestions for me?"
175996142,"I don't like wearing glasses + Without glasses, I can't see anything cuz my eyesight is so bad... I've been wearing contact lenses every day for 12 years lol.. I need to take breaks sometimes so my eyes get oxygen but I keep forgetting."
175996143,"Not today, I will tomorrow morning though"
175996144,"I like playing solitaire if I don't want to get into a whole new videogame . I generally play it with physical cards, I just like that better for some reason. It's not addicting and it passes time, I enjoy it. Or I play Arkham Horror living card game but one game takes up 2 to 3 hours"
175996145,I'm not spontaneous at all. I plan every detail of my days usually and go over it in my head a million times beforehand
175996146,Some nights I sleep good and others I dont get enough sleep.
175996147,Just took one
175996148,every thing!!! but heres my play list someone you love _NAME_ capaldi dear parents _NAME_ mcree movies end _NAME_ mcree to all teens (come around _NAME_ mcree all xxxtentation songs all blue face songs all in my feelings songs THATS NOT ALL BUT THERES THOUSANDS SO IM NOT FINNA WASTE UR TIME.
175996149,"I think it's both, faulty cognition fired up by an emotional response."
175996150,"I watched mass and it helped me feel more connected to God. I have some stuff coming in the mail today, books."
175996151,I've been reading a lot more than I've been playing games lately. But I go through phases where I play a ton then not a lot then back to often and so on
175996152,This is how it used to be a few years back all the time...I missed it.
175996153,"No , it's a co-op so it's a lot different than a corporation type business. I wouldn't want to be the GM or any management there. It's not worth the pay rate"
175996154,"Vegetables, fruit, butter pecan ice cream, decaf coffee and flavored creamer"
175996155,I never knew that. I was sure that that was the case but wasn't sure. Thanks! I need to strengthen my heart too then...
175996156,Im 19 but here to talk dude
175996157,"I’m becoming more and more unsure of my mom by the day, recently. She is just very uninterested in what I’m doing with my life. But if I don’t include her in some things, I think she will be upset. Like my wedding. Cuz I’m actually thinking of not inviting her family. Partially cuz I just want everything small. Nothing huge. I haven’t talked to my mom in 3 days which has been usual, but she seems extremely uninterested in what I have to say. I called her today. She put me on hold to talk to my sister for like 10 min cuz my sister called. Every time I talk to her now, I feel incredibly uneasy So I will put a longer time distance on when I call her now, even more than what I’m doing. Or I should just let her call me. I had been texting her yesterday and day before, once each day...no response. Then a response today. I asked if I could call after she asked how I was doing but barely any talking from her. So I got off."
175996158,"We have a different version of SOS, it’s chipped beef gravy on toast."
175996159,Thank you _PERSON_!
175996160,"I'm sick, sore throat and coughing"
175996161,I read _PERSON_ 'Milk And Honey' and decided to write confessional poetry. Like _NAME_.
175996162,Hey bluebird do you know any good books set during Halloween ?
175996163,"We have a new Roll Call, _NAME_ Roll Call 151"
175996164,I think if I say what I’m thinking people will say I’m sick like _NAME_. But I’m fine really.
175996165,Yes but u can’t visit others islands and do other small random stuff
175996166,"Hello _PERSON_, Have you tried places like the laundromat? You may or may not have a washer and or dryer. Maybe you can just go over there few times a week to dry your clothes. You can try to say hello to ppl there. If you get to chat with them then it maybe practise. I heard that you could meet ppl at a gym as well. Get a membership. It may help you to get sensitised to being around ppl. You can be in control of who you respond too. You can remind yourself that if someone is rude that that is their opinion and doesn't always mean that they are right. You can be on your own side. Go easy on yourself it takes a lot of time and practice. Will be good days and bad. Remind yourself not to give up."
175996167,Getting pokemon sword tomorrow.
175996168,"I took one big toke at work and I've been chasing the dragon. Man, that was crazy."
175996169,"Oh and SP, there was a couple of morning I took my meds and after like 5 or 10 min I felt very nauseous. I kinda think part of my nausea after I eat is because I down a bunch of fluids right after. Sometimes too much water or soda after I eat does make my stomach hurt for a bit."
175996170,I just want to hibernate like a bear lol Gotta go to the laundromat tomorrow. Not going to be fun but it has to be done My case manager texted me about the apartment complex I've been trying to get into. They want to do an interview. That sounds promising
175996171,Morning! A little bit of depersonalization last night.. The 0.25mg kpin stopped that nonsense.. I feel much better this morning.
175996172,_AT_MENTION_
175996173,anxiety is better now
175996174,About to have some hard boiled eggs.
175996175,"I am doing pretty well today. I'd say some of the emotions I'm feeling are sad, frustrated, conflicted, and vulnerable. Some of the positive emotions I'm feeling are hopeful and grateful. Anyway, I've learned to hold space for more than one emotion. It has helped me."
175996176,"Thanks, HT. Nice to see you again."
175996177,"So, how are you doing? What are the other two medicines you're taking?"
175996178,"I'd like to read it if you have any left and I can leave a review, I can't purchase a copy yet but I'll be able to eventually either way, just money's tight right now"
175996179,"This is a total role reversal. She's always been the one to help me with my anxiety and panic and all my other mental health problems. She's stressed with home life and her job and she had leaves from work scheduled but they cancelled them through February due to the rise in covid cases so she gets no time off, said she feels like she's at a breaking point. Had a really amazing conversation with her over fb messenger tonight. We'll talk more when she stops by Sunday to have coffee"
175996180,Perfume. Good breakfast: cereal Texted my support people.
175996181,Idk honestly I guess it’s all the pressure I feel from people wanting me to be this amazing successful person and of course I want that too but it’s not as easy as it may sound especially when you don’t wanna end up doing something you hate till the day you die.
175996182,"It's not telepathy. Vocal cords move whenever you think. With the help of electronic devices, one would be able to know what a person is thinking by measuring their vocal cords' activity or their brain activity, this information could be processed and a computer would be able to transform these electrical impulses into words. One day I felt a bump on my arm, I remember I tried to squeeze it and a plastic thing came out, it was so bizarre, I have no idea what that thing was doing there. But I think that it is possible that someone implanted that thing on my arm. So what if they have implanted other things that allow them to know what I'm thinking? We are being spied, there are cameras, microphones, they know what we do on the internet. If you suspect something wrong is happening at your house, move to a new place. There was this smoke detector in my office... I put micropore tape on it. So if there was a camera, it would not record what I was doing. But the upper slits of the detector I left them op
en, so the airflow would not be interrupted. A few minutes later, someone entered my office in order to check the smoke detector, it was odd because I just put micropore tape on it and the airflow was fine. He checked the smoke detector, he saw the tape and he didn't remove it (it seemed it was part of the detector). He left the room kinda disappointed. I think there might be cameras everywhere, so one has to make a thorough investigation. Every phone call, every message you send, every website you visit, everything you download.... They might know it... I disconnected my computer, when I was on the internet they made comments about things I saw on the internet. I made this experiment... I downloaded an offline version of wikipedia. I disconnected my computer from the computer (removed the cable). I read a lot of wikipedia articles when my computer was offline... The result: they didn't talk about the things I read while I was offline. When I read things I think the words very quiet. They are no longer able t
o know what I'm reading at least when I'm not on the internet. If you are on social media, they know who you are if they see your picture... I made an account without my picture and they talked to me normally... After I sent them my photo they started treating me differently... They hate me for covering everthing, putting tape on suspicious holes, disconnecting my electronic devices, turning on fans in order to cover sounds, thinking very quietly. They hate me for not using social media like Facebook or twitter. For not being part of their hive mentality, that we are not individuals, but part of a freaking unity. For not revealing my photo on social media, for moving to a different place where they don't want me to be, because they can't spy on me. I'm so sick of their intrusion. No, I don't want to be part of your unity. I don't want to live in your 1984 world. Stay away from my freaking privacy. I'm 99% sude something very wrong is happening. After I started being very secretive, people have started treatin
g me differently. The air has become so heavy everywhere I go. It's like living in the twilight zone. And if they are reading this I want them to know I feel liberated. I want them to know that the harder they try to spy on me the harder I'll try to break free. We are living in a 1984 world (like the book). Wireless communications, microphones, mini cameras, the internet. If you don't agree with their agenda, they shun you..."
175996183,I’m back on animal crossing. Been redesigning my island and adding pathways. Etc.
175996184,Idk how I’m gonna do this audition but I gotta get it done. It’s one of the easiest chances at making money. But I’m so low feeling and anxious and just exhausted from stress.
175996185,"It's like all of a sudden I felt a depression come over me and then anxiety followed. And now I feel both, plus feeling lightheaded."
175996186,"Now I got myself thinking. If I am just bipolar 1 and my psychosis is actually brought on by mania, was fall-2015 to spring-2017 when I was ‘no insight’ psychotic was that just one big manic episode?? It’s just so confusing when I try to fit it into a box."
175996187,"I had a lot of chest pain when I was in a bad marriage.I was getting heart tested and they said my heart was OK. The bad marriage ended and the chest pain ended and I've basically never had it again. If you're under undue stress, that may be what is causing it. Maybe the chest muscles around your heart are tensing up from stress/anxiety or both. Did the chest pain start when some sort of stressful situation started? Not the same day, or you would have recognized the connection between the two. But within a few weeks or a month or more of the start of some more stressful situation, you started feeling chest pain?"
175996188,My protein bars and protein pancake mix should be here tomorrow
175996189,Crash (the album) by The _NAME_ Band
175996190,"I successfully made turkey burgers without burning the building down! I'm proud of myself lol It was giving me so much anxiety, the thought of cooking"
175996191,they discovered that eating cheese activates the same receptors in a human brain that cocaine does lol
175996192,"I'm scared today and fragile. I took a big step. I got rid of my SH stuff. Today is garbage day so it is currently in the garbage cans by the curb. I feel like I have lost my security blanket. I think in the long run it will be good for me, but I'm afraid. I'm afraid I'll use something less safe to hurt myself with if I get desperate. I am afraid I will just relapse anyway. I'm afraid I will just go out and buy more stuff. I'm hoping this was a good positive move. It's so scary though. It's been with me so long. I've been doing this since I was nine. I asked my Pdoc like how do you change something you've been doing so long and he was like honestly, I don't know. ACK! Very scary!"
175996193,"You will be okay again. It’s a hard time for everyone, let alone for us with our mental illness. Staying sane at times like this is an achievement in itself. Be gentle to yourself. Take your meds regularly. Find a fun distraction. We’re here for you"
175996194,Ended up falling asleep for another 3 hours
175996195,Whispers of a Machine is a cyberpunk point and click adventure game. It's mostly about story. So far I highly recommend it!
175996196,Clean clothes perfume breakfast
175996197,Had nausea for about 15 minutes with the geodon. I'm expecting to fall asleep. But we will see. Idk if my dad is coming over or not.
175996198,Chai tea
175996199,I'd probably feel weird being that I don't have bipolar. I did read the thread you posted here from the bipolar forum on psychosis though.
175996200,It really hurts where I got my injection and my mom wants me to go for a hike so I took Advil. I might be able to do it..
175996201,Soooo anyone wanna add me on WattPad or?
175996202,I take klonopin prn for panic and it works really well for me. Has for years.
175996203,Showered and shaved
175996204,"Talked to my sister. Was nice. She's stopping by Sunday with my planner, ice cream, hand soap, hand sanitizer and is going to check the tracking info for the yoga set tonight to see where that's at. Appointment with my therapist tomorrow. Starting to taper off the thorazine beginning tonight."
175996205,"Central, _NAME_."
175996206,That sounds so good
175996207,"Yes, yes I did."
175996208,Well I for one am pleased as punch that you're back. We need you in our little group Blue_Bird!
175996209,Hope you feel better soon
175996210,I have many regrets in life ^-;
175996211,Addendum. I don't have bi polar i live with bi polar. One day it will get it's eviction notice! HT
175996212,What color pencils would you guys recommend? I usually go for _PERSON_ when it comes to pencils but can’t afford it this month but I need my retail therapy ?
175996213,"_PERSON_, This is amazing news about you completing your CAT...and that you found it so beneficial! Thanks for the review, and it is great that you will be able to make recommendations (with experience!) to our members looking for them in the future! I am glad that you found your new P-doc to be a good fit. This is really important as you know....and though you are naturally apprehensive about going this new lighter route with your meds...I know that you will do really well and end up with a new regimen that is right for you! Well done on always working on your progress and recovery. You are so dedicated to your wellness, it never fails to impress! Hugs and high fives my friend! _PERSON_"
175996214,so sleepy
175996215,Congrats!!!
175996216,_NAME_ cover of Sweet Dreams (are made of this)
175996217,Hi If you are thinking of re starting the cipralex I don’t think you will have many start up side effects as I still feel your body will be used to the medication so may be worth a shot. _PERSON_
175996218,"Hi Barcode, Welcome to the bi-polar forum. I am not bi-polar myself so I am not much help but wanted to welcome you to the forum. There will be others on soon with advice. Keep your chin up. I know it is hard but it will be getting better. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175996219,I need to get a humidifier. It’s dry in this apartment with the heat on
175996220,"I slept but, man, or should I say woman(?), I woke up at 930 looking like a 40 pound weight was on my face. I felt miserable for some reason. I'd ask who saw star wars yet, but I think the reason question is who terrible person hasn't yet? lol jk It was everything I wanted it to be! And it nailed it, SPIOLER Possible trigger: I'm just elated that they ended it on the importance of family, because that's real and was the point. The _USER_ID_ order failed _PERSON_ when they didn't free his mom and let her live freely in the republic. That buddhist disatachment theory is horseshit. A _USER_ID_ isn't even suppose to love, **** that nonsense."
175996221,"I took my Rx & some of my supplements. One problem, I need to replenish some that I ran out of."
175996222,Yeah I've been doing better on these meds than I ever was since ages 10-20. I barely even notice that I'm on antipsychotics. I'll take the injection which is due soon on the 25th and wait another 9 weeks with Dexedrine boosters in the evening with Vyvanse and see how I do... Just right now I might need to sleep. I'll be in the house alone tomorrow so I'll do some reading and stuff and then I'll get up for work on Saturday morning..
175996223,Thank You for your help.. I have tried all and I don't want to be addicted to something if it's not gonna help.. Have done some research on the chronic pain and all my mental issues can work against each other and cause pain issues.. I honestly need to take care of those issues first and see what happens.. Transactioning to Sheriff's Office just to work 3rd shift and all everything and being gone again definitely flushed marriage down to pooper.. Thank You again for getting up with me.. R.E.D. Remember Everyone Deployed. I'm 10-7
175996224,Oh yay! Thank you so much! ??
175996225,Talk to your doctor; the one who prescribed the drug.
175996226,I love my wolf/woods coffee mug. Need to get the matching deer one
175996227,Thanks SP
175996228,Does anyone have useful grounding techniques to keep their clarity?
175996229,- laundry - clean clothes - fruit salad for breakfast - had some water to drink - have my fan on
175996230,I still can’t believe I live in a time of a global pandemic. Feels like reading one of those stories in a history book but with me in it..
175996231,"Hey, I'm here, just listening to the radio this morning. Helps in terms of distraction. I have trouble just listening to my thoughts so much. Seems like I ruminate a lot."
175996232,skittles and _PERSON_ Pepper
174396787,_NAME_ had a large corpus _USER_ID_ right? (The tissue that carries signals between the right and left part of the brain). His son had schizophrenia. It's genetic like something about the two sides of the brain. They're both intelligent but one (Right) is socially acceptable and the other (Left) is not socially acceptable.
175996233,Happy birthday desoxyn!
175996234,Thank you so much!
175996235,Oh I would have loved the crystal growing set!
174396810,"Schizophrenia | Talking about mental health - Episode 18 - YouTube This video uploaded on to the MIND Charities site in 2016, perfectly outlines and displays the general dynamics of co-coordinated harassment campaigns and it's affects upon someone who is being targeted. It's called Street Theatre or Gangstalking upon the internet and has aspects of NLP, Triggering and Anchoring, public swarming using everyday events or objects, like a trail of red cars all in a line, then this event is repeated to make you think there is a pattern, or perceived threat towards your person. It's offended regarded as a conspiracy theory though this video perfectly highlights the reality though unknowingly. I think any VH or TI should watch this video and compare it to their own life experiences to indicate the possibility of being targeted. Thank you."
175996237,Congrats on the job! That's great! I hope you enjoy it!
175996238,Holy moly! Tough ride this summer I’m so glad you’re feeling better. Watch for any signs there’s a problem and get right back there if there is.
175996239,Ugh. I haven't showered since Monday. I know I need to. I don't want to. But I need to. Maybe tonight but probably more likely tomorrow morning. Then I'll be set for a few days. At least my shorter hairstyle doesn't show the oil as much.
175996240,You cAn shift your library to the YouTube music app....
174396812,It's not always a bad thing to lose your mind and it's not something you should fear. Except if it's severe and you're severely hallucinating. But idk maybe it's different with schizophrenia
174396817,"Yay, _AT_MENTION_! So good to hear! Celebrate with a cup of coffee?"
175996241,theHTreturns... said... My condolences to you and the family. HT Thanks very much for your thoughtful support. It means a great deal. Have a great week.
175996242,I’m glad I quit. It was a few days of being more easily irritated than usual but that was it.
175996243,I take pride in being a bit of an eccentric weirdo. I live in New York City. Nobody cares. But standing in line at a deli behind an eighty year old woman who's paying for her calf heart with pennies she fishes from a fish bowl filled with seltzer is a bit much for me.
175996244,yeah of course!
175996245,Bottled tea at work
175996246,"_PERSON_, I often with I lived a little farther south as our winters are sometimes brutal. This winter has been rather mild. So that is good. Our summers feel hot especially if we have a rough winter. But I am sure not as hot as yours. I guess there probably isn't any perfect place. Along with the heat you get snakes, spiders and reptiles that love the heat. We have rattlesnakes but no poisoness spiders here that I know of. South of us are black widows. But a lot of that can't survive our winters. _NAME_, I am glad you found some past concerts to enjoy. It is strange this year, a lot of stuff not happening. I hope you all have a good day today. _NAME_, I hope you are sleeping well. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175996247,"Couldn't sleep last night. Got maybe 3.5 hours. Oh well. I was upset and worried about a coworker. So I was _PERSON_ the owner of the company at 2 AM. I'm not upset at the coworker. The coworker is upset, not at me, but about something that happened Friday. She and I texted about it last night. So since the owner gets up early bc she is in NY, I was able to text her this morning. Hugs _PERSON_"
175996248,I am currently reading Authentic Happiness by _NAME_. My therapist recommended I read it. And this is the second time I've read it. So I am getting more out of it this time. It is super helpful. It also talks about happiness and optimism tests you can take on the website authentichappiness.org. I think it's a great book because it talks about practical ways you can increase your optimism and happiness.
175996249,"Rats are a very underrated creature I think I believe snitches and the plague have them a bad reputation, birds are cool too who wouldn’t want to be able to soar up in the sky while everyone else is stuck walking around dragging their knuckles like Neanderthals while you casually sh*t on the tops of their heads"
175996250,At least I was able to run on the treadmill. I just get concerned about the weight gain and the other side effects I'm getting from olanzapine like high cholesterol.
175996251,"Hi all, trying to keep busy today and not sleep all day like I did last Sunday."
175996252,"It's actually "" otak u "" (said while falling headlong into the pedantic pr*ck trap™). The accompanying image features the Fujiwara tofu store's (?????? Fujiwara t?fu-ten) panda Trueno (Toyota AE86 Trueno GT-Apex Hatchback) from Initial D . Additionally, the uploader's symbol is a modified version of the NERV logo ( https://wiki.evageeks.org/Nerv_Logo ) from the Neon _NAME_ Evangelion anime franchise. In my lengthy observation, anime has many mentally ill fans, including many schizoids. The better anime, according to my schizoid friend, depict emotions well enough to enable him to vicariously, temporarily feel . The ""feeling"" of Japan, especially as presented in anime, is unique. In my personal experience, being nothing if not a dyed-in-the-wool freak for aesthetic appreciation, nothing comes close to this feeling. Pursuing it can become an all-consuming passion, which could easily make one want to sever any connection to Reality. This all comes from someone who is viewed as a lightweight, lap
sed fan"
175996253,"Hi, I'm fairly new, too. I joined PC because of my voices, & depression. I'm sorry you lost your pet bird. I think your brain tried to do you a favor with that hallucination. And could be a different area of your brain is talking. Brains have incredible abilities & talents. And I think we are mostly of the frontal lobes & are meant to communicate with the outside world, not with other areas of the brain. So I feel I've lost the privacy of my own mind, but I'm getting used to it, though it's extremely stressful at times. I feel sad for what you are going through. Like _PERSON_ said, it's hard. I hope you keep posting. We all can help each other. God bless you."
175996254,"M., I am so sorry that you are not feeling well...and on a holiday too. I sounds like rationally you know that you will absolutely be okay with continued use of your medication and time to heal. However, at times our anxiety speaks louder than our rational brain! I find that the use of positive mantras really helps with intrusive anxious thoughts. You can use any phrases that are comforting and reassuring to you...like the facts you stated above. For example 'I am young and healthy and these antibiotics are going to help me fight this off soon.' If you need another tool, the Therapy Worksheet downloads from our Resources are also fantastic. Well wishes and keep us updated so we can keep you in support! S.C."
175996255,"Finally felt healthy enough to paint again. First time trying watercolor paint, it was fun"
175996256,"If my mom does have breast cancer (Which I hope she doesn't), she'll quit her job and get treatment (Which I hope she survives) and my sister and I will move to BC in with my aunt and uncle or grandmother. I'll have to get a driver's license as soon as possible, use my money to buy a car and then I'll work full time (Because it will take a really long time to get provincial disability which is 1200 CAD a month and to pay for my meds). My dad will help pay and my aunt and uncle are rich so idk although I don't want to take their money because I don't want to be a burden. So I'm prepared. I believe that you people are my hallucinations and just a figure of my imagination (jk - But idk). Now I'm gonna watch Netflix and then sleep. I took 150mg of Seroquel so I might not even finish an episode before it kicks in. I'm slightly depressed but I'm focusing on quitting smoking by reading that book so I'm happy about that."
175996257,Did the dishes and took a box out to the trash. Just trying to set small goals for myself. I think I got a little depressed the past couple days. I really hate myself sometimes. I'm trying to get out of the negative thinking but it's hard
175996258,"Morning, having an iced coffee. Therapist later. Going to the library to pick up that book I read a couple years ago ""Un-Agoraphobic"" by _NAME_. I'd like to buy a copy of it sometime, I find it really helpful"
175996259,The move will be stressful if you decide but at least he gets paid more? It'll be ok in the end. ~1 year and we'll all be better... I hope he gets it =]
175996260,I forgot that I can just sleep at 10-11pm don't need to stay up in the am's and endure this horrible reality
175996261,"Hi _NAME_, Thanks for your good wishes!! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?"
175996262,In bed...browsing _NAME_’s outlet sale lol. It’s payday! So tired though. Going to try to sleep. Meeting the car guy tomorrow. I also emailed the guy I saw today and asked him to write me a proposal ASAP. just in case
175996263,Have some decaf coffee brewing
175996264,"Welcome aboard, Paprika!!!!!!"
175996265,I was talking with my mom and she says when I get a fancy job we can move and she’ll help me get a mortgage if I let her have a room
175996266,"My Samsun Galaxy Note 9 seems to be having it's battery drained really quickly these past 2-3 days. I've had it for over a year. Might need a new phone. I'm learning how to play ""Can't stop"" by RHCP on guitar"
175158043,"Reading the news is just breaking my heart. I stay away from it for a few days, maybe a week or so. Then I decided maybe things have changed but no.... This morning I was watching a CNN video about the covid vaccine and why the US is so slow about getting people vaccinated. The drs are blaming the CDC for being bureaucratic and slow. Lastly we are being told of people because of status and wealth are getting their vaccine ahead of the elderly or healthcare workers. This is appalling as the highest risk people should receive the vaccine first. Also on the political scene here I am just so over the presidential election. Come Jan 6 there will be more fighting in the Senate as both sides fight over who will be president and who stole the election. Is it me just me, or are people acting like children lately? Instead of our elected officials working for the good of the people they seem to do what is in their own best interests. Lastly please know I am not trying to break any rules about what can and can
not be posted here. I am refraining from using names and hope my message is not offensive to anyone. I suffer from anxiety and I just want peace and tranquility for the people of our nation and for the whole world. More and more people are dying each day and we fight over the stupidest things. While all of this upsets me I have reached a point where I can at least stop myself from having a complete meltdown. I just keep taking the meds given to me and pray the people of this world wake up and work together for the common cause of everyone. Thanks for listening."
175996267,"Negative: Since I'm having writer's block, i'm coming to terms that I might need to either make progress or... side cart that and bootleg with the Romantic Rebellion anthology. I feel empty because I'm not making great progress for my story. It's putting me in a funk and making art is the only thing that cures it. I'm just not smart enough to figure this out yet it seems. Positive: Put my mask on and braved it at the grocery store. Bought everything I need but I couldn't find ground mace, it's a spice. In fact, the spice section barely had anything, and it's a Walmart. What's up with that? I made some delicious chili!!!! Turned out perfect like always. I made cream chipped beef on bread for breakfast. I'm really loving this and I'm glad im getting in the habit of it again. I forgot how easy chili is to make. I should have groceries for at least a week now. Still watching West World on HBO Now. It's great"
175996268,"You said in your first post: “I am curious about others who started off with severe anxiety which led to Bipolar diagnosis. I don't see much about this, maybe sometime we don't recognize the extent of our disorder” A response to that was: “The Mayoclinic.org says bipolar is ""a mental health condition that causes extreme mood swings that include emotional highs (mania or hypomania) and lows (depression). ""When you become depressed, you may feel sad or hopeless and lose interest or pleasure in most activities. When your mood shifts to mania or hypomania (less extreme than mania), you may feel euphoric, full of energy or unusually irritable. These mood swings can affect sleep, energy, activity, judgment, behavior and the ability to think clearly."" Your reply to that was: “I have more irritability, insomnia, along with getting stuck focusing on something until exhausted. Also the sadness and the lack of concentration and energy. Also times with more energy causing less need for sleep.” You
r answer includes several of the signs of bipolar, including, in your words, “irritability,” “insomnia” and “sadness.” You added, “Also times with more energy causing less need for sleep.” You, also, said that you had the additional trait of “getting stuck focusing on something until exhausted.” Typing in “obsession with bipolar” in the search engine, it shows, “Bipolar disorder is recognized by mania and depression and usually anxiety. One area of bipolar disorder not usually talked about is obsessive thoughts and behavior.” (Namimc.org/National Alliance on Mental Illness) You mentioned anti-depressants. As a bipolar, I take an anti-depressant (Mirtazapine) and a stabilizer (Lithium), with net saying stabilizers help with both depression and mania, helping to keep the person with those two conditions stable."
175996269,"Bought a painting set for my aunt. She sometimes peeked into my room when I was painting saying, “It looks fun”. So I got her her own set. She really liked it. She’s 60"
175996270,Caramel frappuccino from Starbucks
174396835,"Its quite different. Schizoid thinking is like autistic thinking, and it used to be called this way. Its essentially creating your own world and live in it, irrelevant of what others might do or want. Its like a competitive narrative that may mesh in strange ways with the common narrative. That's why it can show as odd beliefs, or a thinning of two worlds, walking in two worlds, etc. It depends on who describes it. Daydreaming is the act of being distracted by interior narrative or emotions, so there is a cut between the two, they don't overlap like in the first type. Its the difference between dream walking and dreaming. In the first, it is one act, in the second, it is two acts. Dissociation is the base of the idea of schizoid, but it is not proven to be there like it is in schizophrenia. But it was assumed to be the cause at some point in the past."
175996271,"She was really nice, she said she was nervous because she hadn't had a friend in a long time. She has a care manager through the same agency I do, so she's also got mental health issues like me. Will be nice to have a new friend here. A majority of my friends live far away."
175996272,Nope she totally forgot about them....how have you been?
175996273,"Try not to worry, it suppresses your immune system. Makes things worse. Sounds like a head cold or allergies. But if you are seriously worried about pneumonia, see your doctor to make sure. Best wishes to feeling better. Take some time and pamper yourself. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175996274,Hi everyone! How's everyone today?
175996275,"I had a lunch meat sandwich for lunch--yuck, and an orange."
175996276,"Same, I’m drinking one with honey now"
174396855,I am doing well tonight. I just woke up from a nap. Sleep always resets me. Now I feel excited to get some more stuff done.
175996277,"Get a pill box. That way you know for sure. Especially since you are taking different milligrams at different times of the day. I take so many meds I have three different pill boxes. Plus I take supplements before I go to bed. You can often get a pill box for free at the pharmacy. They don't cost much if you can't. But it is better than wondering. Usually you are recommended to wait until your next dose. Especially if it has been awhile since you should of taken the prior one. Either way best wishes. Have happy holidays. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175996278,I did three quizzes today for my psych course. Feel I did okay on them. They’re multiple choice with some short answers. Some of the multiple choice are real tricky. The psychological disorders part was easy though hahaha. Just have two assignments and an exam left for that course. The computer course I need to focus more on I’ve barely touched it. Switching gears tomorrow going to focus on that.
175996279,Coffee is kicking in. I love it. I wouldn't function without. Saying these things calm me
175996280,"Yeah, took one at like 2 in the morning"
175996281,"It was, it's an existential crisis. About loosing your self and regaining it. But in the case of Kraven at least, it is also to be drawn into another self. Some people might see it as a threat, so you see a lot of fear of engulfment in that comic. Someone being buried alive, being overwhelmed by insects, or being eaten by a bigger thing. But the same thing can be seen benevolently, as guiding spirits. It all depends on if you accept it or not, etc. So it is my understanding of fear of engulfment. This is how all this started. Other things, I am skeptical. Like if someone would tell me being forced to brush your teeth make you loose your self, or having to compromise with others or take them into account. To me it is not existential, there is no threat there, and can't be a real fear. There is a difference between a fear of dying and a fear of not being completely free to do whatever. Yes. I don't think they talk about dissociation, but it makes sense it would be similar, possibly the same. I defini
tively met darker aspects as well. People changing in demons. But I also saw people change in myself, and I don't know which is the scariest. I was trying to explain the latter mostly. The thing is that with demons, they are not part of me, no connection, except that they ""know"" me or are aware of my presence. It's a different fear I believe, but maybe not. They are the dark aspect of socialization, having to interact and react to others, etc. I think it is different. Yeah, they went a bit broad in their connections. Well changelings is the fear of being replaced, and not being able to tell the difference. It is the same as the fear of teleporters in Star Trek. How can you tell it is really you? and not just some copy that died?. Same theme is studied in the movie The Prestige. The illusionist uses deception, but the scientist uses real copies, which is highly unethical, so in that movie, the scientist is the bad guy, and the illusionist is the good guy, but it is also just a show. Of course it comes from a 
movie maker, an illusionist. Yes, its part of the puzzle. It's a way to put it. Quite good actually. Yes, that is what chemical diffusion is, and at the end, both sides are the same, and it is done in a way, gradually, thus like melting. Well, there is a battle if you fight it, but not fighting means dying. In the case of _NAME_, he uses it to do good things. Its just that in my own experience, I didn't want it, or was scared of it. So that is why I use dark imagery, but I suppose the same thing could be imagined in other ways. No, I don't know what causes it, nor how to stop it. It only happened a few times as some sort of unusual perception, although the feeling might be there somewhere unconscious. The thing is that most people seek those type of experiences, that's the difference. That's also how they get into toxic relationships. What do you think ""being in love"" is about? its the same, just on a different playing field. I recommend social distancing. I haven't thought about it in those terms all that 
much. Idealists are usually delusional, but then again, being part of any group is idealistic, so living a lie is a requirement if you want to be part of the group. I just don't know who qualifies as imbalanced if everybody is to one degree or another, its not useful. Some ideologies create crazy people as well. So there is a chicken and egg problem."
175996282,"I talked to my therapist last time I saw him about going inpatient, I said I didn't need to go because I was doing fine. I kinda lied, I'm debating going inpatient again."
174396843,"So it's a tool for adaptation / coping mechanism Self Analysis: I go into daydream worlds (sometimes by choice and other times not by choice) to avoid something painful or retraumatizing going on in my life - or depression (it stimulates endorphins I believe). It meets a need. The idea you quoted of compensating for ""impotence"" would be meeting a need too. From a functional perspective, what other reasons (beyond meeting a need) would there be for someone to enter into schizoid fantasy? ^ Or have a disordered personality for that matter? (yes, I get the genetics theory, I just don't buy it on its own - and I think the diathesis stress model still would stem from attempts to cope) There are a lot of negative connotations for some mental disorders and character traits (such as autism, schizophrenia, borderline, sense of ""impotence"") while other disorders and traits seem to be a little more acceptable. My self analysis is that I really enjoy stepping into different roles or aspects of myself and p
laying them up. It gives me release. Once I achieve release, I can move on to the next one. ^ Because of this, I also relate to the borderline ""fragmented"" self; however, I still know who I am, and I don't experience emptiness. When I'm comfortable with someone, I want physical closeness and I enjoy being around them a lot - even if it's comfortable silence or me and them doing our own thing. That being said, I find almost all people draining, so being alone is much more enjoyable. My intolerance isn't for being alone, it's for being uncomfortable or stuck unhappy or feeling obligated to entertain people. I'm going to have to read up on this Kernberg now too. My self analysis is also that I'm at the point that I no longer care what dx(s) I fit best. It's addressing the things that interfere with my quality of life that's important to me - but that can be slow going I relate to going into dissociative modes too - more than almost anyone I've ever met in real life, but it seems to be quite trendy Is there a r
eason you're encouraging our self-analysis? Can you post the source for your quote, _PERSON_? Are you interpreting your quote's talk of needing to ""defend oneself from feelings of impotence"" as the core problem among borderlines? ^ And do you interpret it as them saying that it is most linked to borderlines out of the numerous spectrums of the PDs? Also, do you know if they talk about the dissociative modes entrenched within DID, RAD, Disorganized Attachment, Complex-PTSD, PTSD, Adjustment Disorders, Depersonalization / Derealization Disorder, and many others? I'd love to read more on this source."
175996283,10 is not a ton. Glad it helps.
175996284,Your age and are you on any meds or do u ever do any drugs for fun? Hugs!!!!
175996285,"Well my slight depression is gone and I have some motivation back, even went to the conservatory today."
175996286,Looking forward to my birthday next week. Either making pizza on my new pizza stone or the italian sausage/meatballs and pasta in my new crockpot for my dinner that day.
175996287,"about an hour ago, showered and shaved"
175996288,Do you get overly anxious on it? I know I do.
175996289,"I already feel that there's no meaning in my life. So it's hard not to do this. I've felt depressed since I was 12 and these chemicals worked for a while - Especially ketamine last year - I managed to go through 6 months of improving myself so they aren't just ""chemicals"". They work. Although can have negative effects. But I don't think of them as having zero meaning compared to changing behaviour - Also chemicals are behaviour. People ingest thousands if not millions of chemicals a day whether they know it or not and it contributes to how they feel."
175996290,I talk about how I’m gonna be eating healthy then the next day I go to family dollar and buy pound cake and pop tarts
175996291,Hi everyone. I'm anxious today but at least I'm not nauseated. Yesterday I had a bad migraine. I even left work early. I usually just work through it but sometimes you just can't. One of the owners of the business skyped me today to check on me and see how I was doing. That made me feel good. Work is going by slowly today but hopefully it will speed up this afternoon. _PERSON_
175996292,yea i’m on LAI and pills too… I really like the LAI though… i think it keeps enough APs in my blood for the whole day. It’s handy.
175996293,"Lately, metastatic breast cancer that goes to the brain was considered terminal a few years ago idk.. But today there's much better treatment. My mom mentioned ""Gamma knife radiation"" where you put on a helmet and the radiation targets the whole tumour which shrinks or kills it. Google says ""90% effective"" - Idk where the source is from. I don't want to give my mom false hope. She's sleeping right now and skipped work. She doesn't know what to do if she can't work. My dad has money so he will help us out. The whole family will. My mom was just very upset and says ""I don't want to leave my kids behind"". She told my sister to take care of me and never leave me (She's almost 19). I feel like I've gotten my life sorted out and I'm much more responsible than before. My mom is my main caregiver in a way - But my sister is so responsible that idek.. I'm just hoping that it hasn't spread to the rest of her body. She's getting a full body scan on Monday."
175996294,same here
175996295,I hope you get to spend some quality time with your family.
174396866,How’ve you been? I skim through some stuff you sounded like you were struggling. Hope all is good!
175996296,Posting just to post hello This pic makes me think of some early expedition through an exotic jungle....
175996297,"Thank you for sharing this, dear _PERSON_! Sometimes I feel so strange from the rest of the world. But there are others who know what it's like. Even if others don't understand, we can understand & help each other. Hugs & love to you, dear _PERSON_!"
175996298,Holy shyt. I just made a 5 year plan. And I had some people asking for the template.
175996299,It’s interesting. I wonder what the majority in psychiatry will say after more studies
175996300,"Sorry to hear about your accident _PERSON_ but focusing on the expectation of seeing your grandfather may help to cope with the anxiety. It’s wonderful that you are showing genuine love for family members by visiting your grandfather and even though your other relatives may not realize it, you are showing love for them too by giving of your time. You might be able to bring an unexpected ray of hope or positivity to them. “SO LONG as you can sweeten another’s pain, life is not in vain.” _NAME_"
175996301,I took 1.25mg THC and 25mg CBD cuz I'm scared and don't want to be stoned.
175996302,"To me overcoming is doing it despite the issue, not when the issue is resolved on its own....ie it’s much more of a fight and something to be proud of."
175996303,Have you been eating?
175996304,"I never have a great time with other people any more. Maybe an acceptably tolerable time, or an interesting time, but I always feel like I'm in the interim, waiting for something better (ie. being alone.) I don't even care anymore. I let it go because I care more about what I think of myself than what others do. Besides, I know I'll just be as socially sloppy the next time, so what's the point?"
175996305,Ugh. I'm massively depressed. I wonder if 10+ years of therapy and lots of psychological medications that I am taking and have taken in the past are even doing any good. Like if I am even getting any better at all. I know that depression thoughts are negative so I'm trying to not put too much stock in them. But I'm just so tired of the depression. The black dog (visual hallucination) has been around some and is around right now but even that's not distracting me from the depression. It's like I'm in too deep. I can't get myself unstuck.
175996306,"When I'm in psychosis, I feel like it's more real than objective reality - But there's so much pain and suffering - And it feels destructive. Right now I'm kind of in the middle.. But I think it's normal to be in the middle.. Other people can be the opposite of psychosis - I think that's literally ecstasy. ""Opposite of the state of being seriously mentally ill. sanity. soundness. wisdom. mind."" So basically I'm on the right path to pursuing spirituality and doing meditation. Those Buddhist monks have it all right.. Sitting in temples in the mountains.. It's a real thing. As the world ends, they transcend space and time - A new life. The shamans do what they can to heal. ""most things are a spectrum… not exactly opposite… in math it happens sometimes… the sqaure root of -1 is i… where as the the square root of 1 is 1… 1 DNE(does not equal) 1 or -1… so that breaks absolute opposites in one case at least… Not all colors have opposites… There is no anti-gravity… No one is negative 6 
feet tall…"" There can be people negative 6ft tall.. - They're dead no? 6ft under.. idk.. ""Normal-osis. Overwhelmingly dull repetitive, desperate acts to appear similar to every other schmuck they see."" Many addicts eventually turn to things like spirituality, exercise, rebuilding relationships, etc.. I thought it was stupid that I had to hit ""Rock bottom"" to change.. But it's true. Seems like it jinxes itself out of this existence for even noticing it. But every rock bottom you hit, it gets more elevated and easier. No wonder psychedelics have great anti-addictive properties.. And my vision is manifesting properly.. I decided to stop myself from relapsing in psychosis and addiction before I wrote this.. It's much easier to just stop myself from being addicted if I set my mind to it - Because I have a comfortable home, family that loves me, opportunities, etc.. Hundreds of things to be grateful for."
175996307,"Oooh it’s ok tho, I don’t need help"
175996308,"I can understand that. I felt that way for a while. That's what prompted me to make a med change last time, then I ended up just back on the same meds as before. Oh well."
175996309,"^ This being a forum for schizoids, I will overlook such hysterically pedantic behavior. That goes for you too, _PERSON_."
175996310,"Slept until 11, my sister is over at my grandmas house to help her with some filing."
175996311,"Feeling pretty amazing today, getting enough sleep makes a huge difference!"
175996312,Re-reading the Twilight series
175996313,"I've read that the biggest ignored rule to follow with anti-depressants is to not leave the patient on an inadequate dose for very long. For you, who wants to get off medications, if you don't taper off to nothing, that would mean go ""all in"", looking at drugs.com that could be up to as much as 200 mg/day depending on what your pdoc thinks. I myself take Lexapro for reasons that are not relevant to most people, and my doctor quickly upped me from his initial prescription of 10 mg to the daily max of 20 mg when it wasn't having much effect. If you've never tried an anti-depressant, or a mostly SSRI variety for anxiety before, consider if it's worth trying for real before giving up on them. I've found them to be significantly useful over the last 4 decades, but no panacea. Benzodiazepines are my go-to drug for what I call ""breakthrough"" anxiety, as you put it, the really bad days. Don't take them every day for more than 1-3 weeks unless you want to get physically adapted to them, have them lose m
uch of their good effect, and then need a long and painful period to taper off. But every once in a while can work well if you can discipline yourself to only the worst days."
175996314,My mom taught me how to knit a few years ago and she tried to teach me crochet and I just couldn’t get it. I paid $10 to take a little two hour class at _PERSON_ and it just clicked. With COVID and all I don’t think there are many opportunities but I know lots of craft stores and stuff should have cheap little introductory classes to teach you how to do it. Or buy a crochet kit and watch YouTube! It’s a fun hobby. _PERSON_ can get expensive though.
174396925,Feeling negative symptoms. Could be cuz the kratom
175996315,"That’s one of the hardest things to stop and takes a lot of time to undo that immediate negative reaction towards yourself and implement positive self talk. I hope you can keep trying and know that none of that negative stuff is true. It’s lies your brain tells you. You’ve accomplished so much this past many months with your self care. Like with your routines and trying to stop or lower coffee intake. Most people wouldn’t even try to give up what they want because they don’t care to better themselves. I know this because I see this in my fiancé unfortunately with smoking and drinking. Nothing against him, but he’s not the type to better himself much."
175996316,"It's like I put my whole brain into my computer, phone, tablet, USB, lined paper books... I can't believe it. I used to just sleep all day. Three transformative things for me was psychedelics and then listening to podcasts and then getting out of isolation. You friends help motivate me as well. Very inspiring even when dealing with mental illness relapses ^-;"
175996317,"I personally felt unwanted, my good behavior was wanted but my natural self was rejected, i dont know schizoids but from what i've read the disorder originated in not being accepted to behave as you wanted to as an infant, so the infant gives up his own needs to get the support he cant live without, so i think every schizoid was extremely mad as a kid to not act as he wanted to, to basicly live according to someone else's expectations. I feel like the way i was raised, geting support only if i behave and otherwise rejecting me, thats the most infuriating thing a baby can expirience."
175996318,I went to my program today. I feel tired still from my new meds. Some days are just better when they end. So sad about what’s going on in the world. We did this exercise where we state what is in our control and what is not in our control. Not sure if that helps me. Hope that everyone else is doing well. Goodnight
174396931,I'm glad your meds are working. I'm hoping the pdoc will come see me soon because I want to ask for metformin. They probably won't let me have it though.
175996319,Thank you. Sending positive healing thoughts your way as well. ??
175996320,Awwwww...
175996321,Today is the worst day ever.
175996322,"Mentally - hyper and unfocused and chatty, not as psychotic. Eaten - ate some stew for lunch but ehhh counting calories I can’t help mhself. Exercised - plan to try to do something after work. Socialized - had a video chat with my boss this morning, chatting with some work friends. Sleep - I think I slept enough. Meds - took them in front of my mom all hospital style. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175996323,Yes I did!
175996324,I. Am. Bored.
175996325,"_PERSON_, Thank you so much for your post! It gave me a whole different perspective in that trusting others isn't the problem, its believing in yourself that matters. Although I have problems believing in myself nc of a history of major depression, I believe I can find a way to work on that bc it's my decision and it's in my control. If I can do that maybe I can see past my inability to trust anyone, especially members of the opposite sex. Again thank you! You gave me a goal to work towards and hope that one day I might be strong enough to try dating again. It's been over 10 years!"
175996326,"_USER_ID_, Thank you so much for that information! All in all he has great mamagement, but the crashing during sleep is a scary reality... ...so thanks...I will now be aware of the ketosis smell, restlessness and/or sweating while he is asleep. Thanks again and well wishes right back at you! S C."
175996327,Fruit loops. So hungry tonight
175996328,"So, what are you all doing to combat anxiety? Are why still isolating, and not getting vit d and air, still anxious about the world? We cannot live in a bubble. We must remember to stay connected, keep in contact with our medical people, keep busy, try something new, a good one. Remember ya toolbox, what works, use them. Remember your mates, and the oldies in ya areas. say g'day....they are the most isolated, parents etc. Talk with people, being random breaks up stinking thinking. HT"
175996329,It’s hard to explain but it’s supposed to sort of reprogram your brain. EMDR Therapy (Eye Movement Desensitization & Reprocessing)
175996330,That's so beautiful that's a poem.
175996331,"Do you guys have this problem too, when you text someone first you feel the urge to end the conversation as fast as you can because you’re afraid that you’re bothering them or afraid that they’ll get bored or your head is just blank even though you actually still want to talk?"
175996332,"_NAME_ said... Hello to everyone on this thread , or people googling for answers with similar issues I’m 24, around 8 months ago I developed a similar issue, although slightly different to _PERSON_ and clemxiii. I will say I’ve always been an over thinker, and have had issues with anxiety (never taken anything for it). what I see is trails in my vision, almost as if my brain can’t process the movement as it could before... I noticeably lose focus in my day to day because of this, and I’m not sure if this is just major anxiety, but I constantly feel slightly dizzy and light headed as well. On top of that I just feel very uncomfortable in my head, because of this feeling, and it’s like a cycle of pressure that builds up because I focus too much on this weird feeling To give an example, if you watch a horror film, sometimes the camera will focus on one character close up... and then zoom out slowly. The character in the frame will not move, staying the same size, but everything around it slo
wly pulls back. Instead of things pulling back they slightly move left and right, as if I was on a large ship and it was rocking with the water. It’s at its worst point when I wake up on my side, or if I’m very tired at night... I thought it might’ve been vertigo, but I’ve seen many doctors, which all have said your deficient in vitamin D take 2000 units, or it’s just anxiety here’s Xanax... finally one recommended a neurologist, and he thinks it could be an electrical flare affecting the vision portion of my brain. I took the MRI on my brain, and still have to go for the follow up with the doctor to see the results... but it’s not like I have an aneurysm or tumor, because I don’t think they’d just let me walk out Iike that without informing me. Tomorrow morning I have an EEG which measures the electricity in the brain to see if there’s anything wrong with there. This feeling started when I was 11 years old, and went away after two weeks... I’ve disclosed my drug use to every doctor I’
ve had and each have said I shouldn’t be feeling this way from any of them, and if so not for this long... the fact that I’ve felt this before reassures me a bit that it’s not from previous drug use. I’ve smoked a lot of pot from the ages of 17-22, I’ve done mushrooms 4 times, MDMA 8 times, acid twice with the second time being fake acid I believe since it had a metallic taste (25-I) But this condition started happening over a year after my last ‘mind altering’ substance Since this started again I have been working out everyday, eating a very well balanced diet, taking vitamins daily, trying to think positively, and consuming positive material... I quit playing video games, cut tv use to just an hour or two at most a day of any tv at all... and started trying to paint, learn instruments... basically forcing myself to do so much I don’t have a chance to think in the moment about how I feel, and by the time I do I’m exhausted and pass out to bed The weird thing is the only time I feel complete
ly normal, is in my dreams. So if you guys are still experiencing this issue, there are more out there feeling similar, or worse... which can be relieving I guess... try to constantly be positive, it’s an active process and maybe meditation to give your mind time to soothe itself from negative thoughts surrounding this issue. Everyday is a blessing, and just having the cognitive ability to even write this is something I’m grateful for. Thanks for the info _NAME_. Keep my updated please on what your MRI shows and the EEG. Your symptoms seems a bit different from me, or maybe just we word them differently. Do you actually see what nana and me described, a sort of translucent, milky white extension off of objects moving in your peripheral? Usually seen in in door lighting or low lighting in general? Or is it just the examples you described with the camera panning back? Do you notice any other vision issues? Or medical problems in general?"
175996333,Thank you _NAME_
175996334,Baby carrots. Having a spinach salad w/ raspberry vinaigrette and goat cheese crumbles for dinner
175996335,Bummed...
175996336,"So I took the increased dose of topamax an hour ago. I think I’ll be okay. I seem to tolerate the med well anyway for the first 7 days I took it so I guess I shouldn’t be too worried. My new phones battery life. Omg. My last one wouldn’t even last 30 minutes, and much less if I was using internet on it. This one lasts almost all day no matter what I’m doing on it. It’s day 6 of my year long Bible study. It’s going really well so far. I’m learning a lot. The priest who’s doing it is really good. I’m going to be cleaning tomorrow, taking a long walk, and playing ukulele. I have to contact my college once my final payment is processed about re enrolling. My appetite on the topamax has decreased dramatically. I no longer have urges to binge/purge. It’s amazing."
175996337,Gonna read now. I put on reading music to get me started.
175996338,Hopefully it will be okay.
175996339,Morning. It’s monday...again. My mom’s birthday today. I’ve spent the last 2 hours crying. For some reason this year is really hard. Maybe because the kids are older. My sons in love...I so wish she were here for this ya know? I just really really miss her. Working for a bit this morning. Nothing else going on until later. I’m making margaritas!!! Yum. Me and my mom used to stop for them from time to time. Seems like a good way to honor her today.
175996340,"Oh hey bluebird, guess we should throw a 2am Pc party then?"
175996341,According to my roommates aunt and uncle they said I may need to leave for them to get the kids back.
175996342,"_AT_MENTION_ I have a Fit Bit charge 3. My Dad bought it for me. It cost around $150 so it's the mid-line Fit Bit. It's a watch, it tracks steps, heart rate, number of stair climbs, weight lost, distance, calories, water intake, sleep, menstrual cycle, active hours, active minutes and then the app does a lot of stuff like tell you if your walk was cardio or fat burning, heart rate on the walk and a bunch of other stuff. I'm happy with it. HUGS Kit"
175996343,I got chocolate covered marshmallow eggs already.....
175996344,"Hi _NAME_. It seems that often people who are always willing to help others sometimes have difficulty accepting help, themselves. I am happy you reached out to someone. I understand that you're in a difficult place, but the loss of your job may be a blessing in disguise in the long run. You were able to find about out your diagnosis and begin treating it. The fact that the therapist is helping is great."
175996345,"After my first initial post I went _NAME_. So many life events happening so fast like graduation, work, people leaving, it made it hard to be here to share it but after I checked all the overwhelming love and feedback I got from you all, even meeting and talking to new people and making friends, I figured I’d update you and ask some questions I’ve been experiencing. So I’m doing better, it’s hard admitting that but I’m not as depressed. My anxiety tho is rather high, uncertainty about the future is tough. I don’t know how to be comfortable with the idea of not knowing what I want to do let alone an idea, along with losing all my friends and potential lover, it’s hard to manage sometimes. What do you suppose would be a good way to calm myself down in a short period of time and can be done anywhere? Short and effective. Hit me with your ideas, thoughts, and feedback. Love you all and hope you’re doing well. Keep on keeping on ??"
175996346,"I'll take pics and post them here. I think we'll be above the clouds so we might see the mountains cuz it's a bit cloudy out. When it's a sunny day, it's an amazing view. I usually take pics and send them to the snapchat group."
175996347,Oh wow...that’s a long time....but you’ll get her eventually...
175996348,"Bought some eshop games for my Switch since I had a little bit of money left. Graveyard Keeper, Koloro, and Crazy Zen Minigolf"
175996349,"_PERSON_ smokes weed sometimes. Some people with schiz can use THC. There was someone here that said that it helped with her symptoms and she was psychotic when she didn't smoke. For me, even a 5mg edible will give me a panic attack - It can cause depersonalization/derealization, psychosis, anxiety, etc for me. If someone ever dosed me with a 200mg edible, my heart would explode I'm sure.. THC has always been bad for me."
175996350,Had a really sedating sleep. I felt like my bed was a black hole. Vyvanse helps my brain go faster than the speed of light so I managed to escape again from my bed. I'm gonna try practicing mindfulness as well cuz I'm quite depressed. Thinking of microdosing a psychedelic 2-3 days a week and taking a dissociative every 2 weeks. Gonna drink a coffee and figure this out. Depersonalization isn't too bad. I had it last night - Didn't get derealization. Sleep helps.
175996351,Thank you _PERSON_. How is your wife?
175996352,Thanks HT My son daughter in law spent the night here It was so much easier to get out of bed with my little ray of sunshine here Gramps made us all sausage and pancakes Not as bad a day as I thought it would be
175996353,"I'm glad it went well, Rich, because I know you were worried a couple of days ago. Now that's over with, I hope you can relax and be happy for a while."
175996354,"I'm trying to stay positive. I'm sort of at the point, right now, eh... What ever... Eventually we'll figure it out. Idk how I'm feeling right now 123"
175996355,"_NAME_, a novel in Spanish by _NAME_."
175996356,That sounds awesome! I'll see what I can do
175996357,Yep we got 4 inches yesterday but it’s melting off...
175996358,Hi......
175996359,"Would it sound awkward to use human and humankind in the context of the story? Or would ""the people"" sound better with the story? I understand not wanting to gender humanity. I think if you aren't going to gender ""the other"" or God, humanity shouldn't be gendered either."
175996360,"You can’t get water from Walmart right now, or target or amazon.....you have to get it from office supply stores. Idk why cookies are sold out or cupcakes.....that kind of stuff is in stock here."
175996361,I feel absolutely horrible from the lack of sleep
175996362,"Today was kinda a bust. My mom was getting upset at me, and I was getting exhausted. She is short tempered. She wanted me to sit in the car and wait for her while she shopped in the store. I didnt want to and she got upset. Saying she doesnt understand me. She doesnt understand that not only am I really overweight, but my medicine makes me burn up faster. So walking for 3 hours or more In the sun, i cant do it. I just cant. I physically cant. I felt like I was getting delirious. And I kept telling her I needed water. And she was getting upset. Saying ""I'm trying to look for clothes for u, do u mind?!"". She eventually gave me money for drinks but said I dont need anything but water cuz I dont need the calories. I should've just went alone."
175996363,"Who writes meds for 2 years of non-treatment? In other words, how can the doc say anything about your current wellbeing if you see them every 2 years?"
175996364,In a really good mood
175996365,My period is coming sometime this week I think. I heard the first one after your surgery would still be painful. Oh god give me strength I’m scared.
175996366,Thanks!
175996367,"Hi it sounds like you have are suffering from a gall stone or something internally. They wouldn’t have been able to find it on any of the tests they ran either, unfortunately."
175996368,"I'm the type to watch movies and do audiobooks over and over. I'd see the movie... I guess that's because I think of it like the retelling of Hamlet I hear, but not really because it doesn't end in disaster... _PERSON_ killed the lot of them!"
175996369,yes I showered today. and it felt painful
175996370,I feel almost segmented because I don’t really tell anyone everything. Certain groups or certain people get certain pieces of the puzzle but I feel no one knows the whole story. Too much on my mind. I’m distracted.
175996371,"I haven't been taking the highest dose of my olanzapine which I should have done from the start, but if it doesn't seem to helping enough after another week or if my symptoms start getting worse I will see a psychiatrist again. The reason this snuck up on me is that I have not been battling with delusions for a while, mostly negative feelings. I think I haven't taken my depression as seriously because 1. it makes it difficult to enjoy and do the things that make me happy 2. usually I don't recognize my depression much at all before intense psychosis so it doesn't seem o effect my life that much .... really going through this, when I am out of the hole, will help me because now I recognize a new red flag as you said, and I think I've caught it in time to not get completely sucked in"
175996372,worried people can read my thoughts
174396966,"I'm trying to build knowledge and get focus, motivation, a bit of hedonia, interest in a passion, better cognitive ability, creativity, better memory (Less brain fog) all while relaxed at the same time. I don't think meditation is working for me. I WANT to be stressed and active. I WANT the mental insanity and things to be pissed off about. I don't want to be ""normal"" like I once wanted to be.. Like completely zen with no problems or challenges just vegetating, stuck in traffic, eating crappy food, ****** job, drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes, wife, kids then travel when I'm old. I want exciting things to happen. I always talk about life with such energy of what it could be and I have a good imagination about it. I live in a grandiose alternate false reality and I want to make it a reality. First I'm starting with a 3 day water fast which will give me energy instead of just eating whenever which gives dopamine and relaxes me. I want to be agitated a little. Like imagine all the drug cravin
gs I must have? I never have cravings I just have an obsession. Then I'm gonna do bunch of more research and I want it to be entertaining. I want to know everything about everything and go deep into thought so I'll meditate after I become stressed. I wish stimulants affected me like a normal person but I'm extremely tired all the time that it just cancels that out. I'm going to try and challenge my negative symptoms with self therapy and research because my current therapist isn't helping. She's a really bad therapist. There's so many things that I want to do but I don't even know where to start. I don't have the resources and have to figure that out for myself. Yesterday was a really ****** day. I talked to no one so I had no social interaction. Just alone and a zombie. I was so tired and had heart paranoia so I took benzos and felt so unmotivated and wanted to do things so I took vyvanse at midnight and then did 3 hours of research then slept the whole night and morning. I think it's because the injection k
icked in. 2 days ago was so much better. I'm feeling a bit better now. Oddly enough, if I didn't take the Vyvanse, I wouldn't be able to sleep. I can't sleep without taking Vyvanse. I just sleep for 5-30 minutes then stay awake for 5 minutes and repeat 24 hours a day which feels literally like I'm being tortured by someone."
175996373,Welcome to the forum!!! I think you should ask your questions to your psychiatrist and/or a pharmacist. They’ll be able to help you with med selection and dosages.
175996374,Oh I’m always writing. This specific book isn’t finished. But I did a lot of research and with nonfiction books you need to pitch the idea before it’s fully written.
175996375,"I just bought decaf, myself."
175996376,Getting Animal crossing first....maybe I can visit your island?
175996377,"Happy Day, _NAME_!"
175996378,In case anyone wants to explore national parks virtually Google now lets you explore U.S. National Parks via 360-degree virtual tours – TechCrunch
175996379,How did u find an editor?
175996380,"Hi all. I have not been here in a bit. I consider myself fortunate, relative to many others, during this coronavirus situation. I still have my job and am able to work from home. And we have plenty of food and are healthy. But my anxiety remains a significant impediment to my enjoyment of life. I increased my medication dose and felt better for a couple of weeks thereafter, but now it is pretty much back to where it was. It is worst in the mornings, as it is for many people. Meditation helps somewhat (but not enough). The past 10 months or so have been hard. I don't know what to do to make it better. Maybe this is just my new normal and I will have to live with it. I can do that, but it is not pleasant. By the way, what happened to _PERSON_ Cat? Is she no longer on this forum? Too bad if that's the case; she was very helpful... Be well, _PERSON_"
175996381,"Hello to everyone, For the last two years I have noticed an increase in anxiety in my daily life. I get to where I cannot enjoy myself as I am always anxious. The best way to explain the way I feel is by this example. I love to walk on the beach and sometimes surf fish. I will drive to the beach and start walking but in five or ten minutes I am ready to leave. I cant seem to find any inner peace. I will start to do something and rush through it to get finished. I had spine surgery three years ago and have been in moderate pain ever since. I am in pain management and take pain meds daily. I have tried to go off the pain meds but cant because my spine is deteriorating. The levels above my fusion surgery have gone bad so its never ending pain. My dr wants to do another fusion. As bad as all that is, now I also have cancer and am working with my drs to decide on a treatment plan. My anxiety has made a mess of my digestive tract. I get IBS symptoms every other week. I was prescribed amitriptyline 25mg d
aily and am getting ready to move up to 50 mg. I was wondering if I should seek counseling? I would appreciate any tips to help me be at peace. There are certain times I am my old self. Sometimes I can sit and read or watch tv for a few hours but it never lasts. I used to never feel this way. Thank you for any help. dmo"
175996382,I fell asleep for 6 hours and 42 minutes. It was really poor quality sleep according to _PERSON_ but at least I slept some Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175996383,I'm actually not sure how we will survive the summer. It's been pretty hot in here some days during winter when it's like mid 70s. Idk. A lot of people here have window units.
175996384,"theHTreturns: Thanks very much for the words of encouragement...Valproate on its own is useless...? Ok I'll take note of that...Yeah I'm very, extremely, worried about her...not sure if she's got herself into some mess or something _NAME_: You're a Bipolar yourself...? I see...I think it must be a constant struggle for you, but you sound brave...so keep up the good work ya. Yeah when she was on both Olanzapine and Valproate, her mood was very stable but she was more like a zombie who couldn't feel much...plus the weight gain was an issue too. Not sure if she could be on the wrong medication, but I have typed a letter to the IMH doctor to tell them what has been happening...perhaps they will know more than me and act accordingly...just curious why you say I'm in a precarious position...? As in lifetime of uncertainty perhaps...? UPDATE: The police contacted me and said she'll be heading down to the police station later. That is, IF she turns up. Her yo-yo state might change her mind anytime. Very fr
ustrating call because the police said that they could not hold her in the station if she so chooses to leave. But she's mentally unsound and a MISSING PERSON! I'm flabbergasted and don't understand how the judicial/police system works..."
175996385,I think change scares everyone to a degree. Maybe if you took the risk to make some changes things could get better. There are lots of good _NAME_ talks about overcoming fear. Is there anything that used to excite you or something you’re curious about? Or even just something different that could provide some variability to life? Maybe you could move in that direction. I hope you find something.
175996386,That's fun. I usually just obsess over what show to watch and then don't end up watching anything.
175996387,"Thanks for this! That is encouraging to hear, I'll keep that in mind when I have my next appointment with my psych"
175996388,"It’s qt prolongation, several of the APs have it including seroquel. If you were susceptible it’s likely you would have already had it."
175996389,"I feel a little paranoid right now, as well as anxious and depressed."
175996390,"Damn I had to click on that link again to check, and you are so right! Cornflower blue it is. Yes. I have two good GF's.We have nothing in common except our depth of suffering;an ability to enjoy the absurd, and a particular kind of humour. I also have two good BF's. One has schizotypal traits and can be very paranoid at times. He pesters me for sex when i am in his company in spite of my insisting I am asexual ( even though I am not - I think ). The other, is one I really Love on a soul level. He has been diagnosed with borderline, bi-polar, npd,... on various occasions. No one comes close to understanding me like he does... but definitely sexually incompatible. I could spend my life with him, if only he didn't have certain needs that i cannot satisfy ( sigh ) I live on the other side of the world from them, at the moment. I miss them .. and yet when I am in that country they can overwhelm me at times ( except my soul friend ) I am dabbling in a relationship at the moment.... another story! But, O
verall I have zero energy or interest in making friends here. it took me 20years to amass the small collection of misfit friends I have and am so far away from. I could say that personal growth for me comes from difficulty in relating to the 'homogeneity of the masses'; those I work for, and with. (I do not socialise in this country at all, therefore am spared having to relate on a social level) but I could equally perceive it as an over compromise and surrender to being something I am not, and therefore fake. I guess, that is a worthless indulgence and a waste of energy as in the end there is no choice but to be among the masses and play their game. ( Holding down a job is priority at the moment). Having a more spiritual approach as outlined below does help at times, when I am 'feelin it' I would say most definitely ! _AT_MENTION_.. I have been trying to imagine experiencing what you have described you have. I think I may not be open to it; to giving and receiving such Love or maybe it is a case of not allow
ing myself to be vulnerable enough to do so. It takes courage. You have a good friend on the side , no pressures for physical connection ? That is so cool , and probably the relationship i would like as the main one I totally get the _NAME_ quote! I cannot handle stress from dealing with bureaucracy either. You might enjoy this. I posted it on another subforum some time ago https://youtu.be/yKIE3IUkkp8 And yes ... a spiritual approach works; showing compassion; gratitude;being non-judgemental; having zero expectations; being in the moment, affirmations, are all things I can pull off for short spurts of time. Can never sustain it . The pattern is I get low ( depressed), then draw on certain tools such as a gratitude list, meditation, a teeny amount of yoga, etc..then I tick along okay for a while and renege on the discipline required to do all that; take things for granted, then get low again. Maybe I miss feeling low or something or else I should be motivated enough to keep up the things I know are good for m
e. Perhaps it is human nature to self sabotage? I posted this in one of the subforums once... on bureacucracy: You might like it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKIE3IUkkp8"
175996391,"I've been off the deep end! Well not anymore.. So maybe shallow waters for a few years.. With very light use of drugs.. I need to step out of the water now.. I always feel like I need to take something in order to do things - But I'll quit weed, kratom, phenibut, rare benzo use and microdosing mushes.. At least for a while. I'll keep chewing nicotine gum - And then I'll stop that as well. I'll keep drinking a coffee every morning until I die though maybe.. So only nicotine, coffee, meds and vitamins starting today.."
175996392,Thank you for the reply. I've been thinking about this a lot recently and am starting to lean towards going to see a doctor. I guess what I'm worried about is that I may have to take numerous kinds until I find the right one. I guess I just want a quick fix since I've been suffering for so long.
175996393,Yeah this is a good place to live
175996394,"You should totally add her. Her name is in the fb group, btw."
175996395,"I am bisexual and have lived in shame and guilt for so long. But today it’s different, I have found an online community of support which has helped me to venture out in the world through day to day situations where I am more magnetically attracted to people who are open minded or part of the LGBTQ+ community. It may sound dumb but tiktok has a great online community of support!! Keep reaching out and keep the faith!!!- whatever that means to you. Keep that hope! I promise things will get better. Your feelings are valid and you are loved."
175996396,_PERSON_
175996397,Feeling much better now just needed to wake up and wait for the chemicals to kick in..
175996398,"No, and I was really worried about that. So, hopefully everything's ok with the eye. The doc said I have a lot of scar tissue from the surgeries long ago. That might have something to do with it, I guess."
175996399,I thought the same thing!
175996400,Thanks. I bought the 4mg gum cuz I vape 6mg. Thank you for the advice desoxyn! I hope this works. Kinda feels like it is.
175996401,Anyone else deal with toxic family members?
175996402,I feel the same way lately. Try to remember that it’s just sweet sweet depression lies
175996403,Might go for a run tonight. If my lungs hurt then I'll have to wait until they clear up. Fack smoking. I'm never smoking again.
174397016,"Well, I seem to be having a very interesting morning. That's probably a good thing."
175996404,"Well, I took a shower, took my morning meds, took out all the trash and have the laundry in the washer. So that's good, that's a million times more than I did yesterday I can't wait to get my sisters cat. I hope she's able to get a vet appointment within the next few months to get her vaccines updated so she can come live with me. I miss having a furry friend. I stayed up till like 1am watching stuff on Netflix. I'm addicted. lol I was gonna stay up the whole night but I forced myself to get some sleep."
175996405,Scrambled eggs w/ turkey and havarti cheese in them and an apple
175996406,I heard Wall-e was great from many sources. I can't think any other... I can't believe I can't think of one other animation movie...
175996407,I think so. I haven't tried yet but there are people who order from restaurants every day lol.
175996408,Just talked to my doc! I felt kind of bad bugging him with all this but he gave me some advice to adjust my meds to for now and he’s going to squeeze me in for an appointment next Tuesday! Yay!
175996409,Type c is mixed. Like death and sun
175996410,Thank you
174397027,"Hi _PERSON_, Thanks for your reply, however, that's is not true. I had no control over these synchronicities. As I mentioned the narrative established in my mind by the synchronicities only and this is what's happening to people who believe in thought broadcasting. Thought Broadcasting Delusion: According to Mental Health Daily, “This is the false belief that a person’s thoughts can be heard by others as if they are audible to everyone in their environment.” – https://mentalhealthdaily.com/2015/0...ist-of-themes/ Although this is a delusion, this is actually not a mental disorder, neither a symptom of a mental disorder. This is an erroneous conclusion only due to anomalous experiences that an individual is having. Synchronicities are the cause behind this delusion. In other words, an individual would face a high number of meaningful coincidental events according to the narrative that is running in his/her mind. As mentioned earlier even the narrative will be established by the synchroniciti
es only. Here the narrative is: My thoughts are being broadcast/others can hear/read my mind. The meaningful coincidental events: Any meaningful coincidental events that would confirm the false belief. Here an individual would face an extremely high number of meaningful coincidental events confirming his/her false belief. Since this erroneous conclusion arises in one’s mind due to external meaningful events that would show correlations to one’s thoughts, an individual will give references to support the belief. To further understand this anomalous experience, assume that your thoughts can actually be heard/read by others, if so how would they respond/react? Will they get angry and if so what kind of facial expressions that you would see? Will they laugh or if not what kind of things that they would say that would correlate with your thoughts? etc., These are some of the coincidental events that an individual would face when they end up in having this erroneous conclusion. This is not all, sometimes an ind
ividual would find responses through live TV/Radio presenters, Facebook, emails, etc, to confirm the false belief. If the victim of this anomalous experience tries to clarify this from others, whether they can read his/her mind and if they deny it, this very act would even end up in believing that people are lying since their personal observation and analysis of this anomalous experience contradict with the claims made by the people. This is what the victims of these anomalous experiences have to say: I have added more examples to explain this anomalous experience. Please visit the site to read the rest: The Deceptive Nature Of Synchronicities Sheds Light Into The Gangstalking Phenomenon, Schizophrenia, And Our Delusions! – The Ultimate Disclosure Of the Man-Made Phenomena!"
175996411,"Hi, This is a general response to this topic which outlines my experience in this regard and suggests some measures which I find very helpful and may be of help to others. I suffer from an un-diagnosed sleep condition (for more than a decade now) which manifests itself in a variety of ways. One of the ways it manifests is in the form of a type of hypnic jerks similar to what many people describe in this thread. For me these tend to occur later in the night, after sleeping for a few hours, and may then continue to the morning. They involve jolting awake from dreamless sleep for no apparent reason. As and where they occur repeatedly they are major sleep disruptor. Another way my condition presents is in the form of more traumatic waking episodes whereupon I become partly awake or aware with an intense feeling of something being very wrong (like I'm not breathing or I’m simply dying) and struggle desperately, in a panic, to wake fully…not pleasant! I've had this all checked out with various sleep 
studies, tests, etc. Although, the sleep studies have confirmed that the episodes are real, they’ve ruled out all the various medically recognised sleep conditions including sleep apnoea. In fact, all the tests have showed that I’m in good physical health and condition. Moreover, I exercise frequently and I am near ideal weight. I have suffered in the past from anxiety but I’ve been relatively stress and anxiety free for some years now. I am male and in my late forties. However, in spite of the lack of any medical diagnosis, the good news is that I have this condition largely under control. I have achieved this primarily through my diet. To make a long story short, I have discovered, formally by chance, latterly through research, that the following dietary approaches provide a means to greatly reduce the symptoms (and probably the cause of) my condition. These approaches are, in order of effectiveness; A) A gluten free diet, B) the Paleo diet and C) The AIP (Auto Immune Protocol) diet. If you check thes
e out, you’ll see that these diets, A to C, get progressively more stringent (the AIP diet in particular is pretty difficult and time consuming to follow, but is very healthy and has lots of additional health rewards). Whichever way, I find that the more I stick to the AIP diet the less symptoms I get and the better I sleep….essentially a real life changer for me. Notwithstanding, the need to rule out more obvious, possibly dangerous, sleep conditions, such as sleep apnoea (with a medical professional), I would suggest anyone suffering from hypnic jerks or other similar undiagnosed sleep conditions could try the dietary approach as described above. That is, try first a gluten free diet (without processed substitutes), then if needs be try the Paleo diet and/or then the AIP diet. In spite of what some mainstream medical professionals might advise, these diets are perfectly healthy and nutritionally balanced. However, they do take some effort but if it helps in any way with the debilitating sleep issues des
cribed in this thread then they can only be well worth the effort. If you’re curious as to why these dietary approaches might work, you can check out the research and thinking behind the Paleo and AIP diets on line or in various books which you can find in the health section of good book stores (essentially, I believe that I have some sort of gut related autoimmune condition which manifests itself in sleep disturbance). Finally, I’d like to point out that my suggestion is based on just my experience. In this regard, I feel it important to point out the many other suggestions in this thread, all of which are just as valid. In particular, I believe that the comment by Sonic 123 and those comments addressing the possible role of anxiety in these conditions make for very useful and significant reading. Hope this is of some help. P."
175996412,Paid the bills and ordered my art supplies. Eating rock melon now. Laundry in 5 hours.
175996413,"ASAP. I gotta record a video on the app of my live, to show well I can gain people into my broadcast. I need a 15 min video they said."
175996414,I'm going to learn about space And anyone that tells me that I can't do that - Off with their head. Because it's better than drugs.
175996415,"I have taken both, did not find a difference. I have noticed other drugs that are not the same. Clonazepam generics seem to be very different in my opinion."
175996416,"Sometimes, we go backward no matter how hard we try to move forward. I seem to be going backwards. All I want to do is escape my feelings. I try all day to be active, productive, and happy. But, no matter how many times I try, I just want to not exist anymore. I am so unhappy inside my head. My life is great. I am successful at work, have a happy marriage, and a wonderful daughter. My job is secure and I am able to ""work from home"" during this pandemic. But, inside my head, I am a mess. I think thoughts I don't want to, I plan and plan ways to end my existence. So, no matter how hard I try, I am taking steps backward. But, I do know it will get better. I do know it will become easier and life will ""right"" itself again. It always does. I just have to get there. Because, one day, hopefully not in the far future, I will take two steps forward, and only one step back. One day I will just go forward again. But, until then I have to use my coping mechanisms and my skills I have learned to keep me aro
und for that day to occur."
175996417,"My friends and family think I am manipulative, controlling, and very egotistical. My psychiatrist says i have a low range of emotion. I dont feel empathy, sympathy, embarrassment, guilt, etc. Im usually just angry, sad, depressed, or with my ""mask"" on. I believe people need me because people are idiots and have no common sense. So I am here to guide people. I am not afraid to lie. _USER_ID_ if i hurt someones feelings. If someone hurts me I pretend I have these strong emotions and I make them feel guilty until they apologize. And nothing is ever my fault. Am I a psychopath? I think its pretty cool ? but just wondering. Should i bring this up to my therapist?"
175996418,"Monday I felt sort of crisis-y. Yesterday I was super anxious. Today I'm depressed. What is going on with me? Please, oh please, don't let this be a backslide into unwellness. I've been being relatively stable for some weeks now with a day or so here or there that wasn't great but this is three days in a row! Sigh. What is going on with me? I'm at work so I am trying to do something to help me feel better which is harder at work than say, at home. I put on my sweatshirt because I always feel better wrapped up. I got myself and a coworker a Starbucks coffee this morning so that is kind of nice. Trying to breathe. And relax. And not panic. Maybe I can do some chair yoga in a while."
175996419,"I hope you'll have good results with that. Before I wound up here, I was thinking a lot about maybe working part time again."
175996420,coffee and cigarettes
175996421,"The owner of the company I work for normally works in the NY office but she is coming out to CA for two weeks, she'll be here on Monday. I'm nervous. I'm both nervous and excited. BTW, my office is SPOTLESS."
175996422,TT. Lets continue to be supportive. HT
175996423,Yeppers I did!
175996424,the happy turtle. Turtle Power!!! HT
174397052,"Personally, I've been give three different diagnoses by three different doctors--PTSD, schizophrenia, bipolar--so there's no professional agreement on what I have. I took the quizzes here at psychcentral and came up negative for schizophrenia and bipolar, and definitely PTSD so that's what I think I have."
175996425,Going to stay up all night reading and watching Netflix. Feel amazing.
175996426,Ditto.....
175996427,Morning!
175996428,Hi folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175996429,I have no idea what I want to do. I'm paralyzed. I'm at my end. This is the last time I'm talking about this. My ADHD is so bad. I'd rather do nothing if I can't do everything. I don't know how to fix this. I search on the internet for advise but I don't even read the whole posts and then do something else.
175996430,That's exactly what it is yes.
175996431,If you do vegetarian plant based not random chick patties and other pseudo meats along with exercise you can lose weight even on APs but it’s a fight every day of your life. A constant battle of saying no to everything.
175996432,Amazingly eggs were sold out at my grocery...nothing else was....
175996433,A Chewy Chocolate Chip protein bar
175996434,great you are getting by with out it. shows you are not dependent on it. well done. have you tried buspar? its for mild anxiety and non addicting. dosnt work for every one tho. I take it when needed for anxiety . works well for me. kudos for being carefull with zanax. shows you have a strong will.
175996435,Hugs _AT_MENTION_
174397073,"I feel on top of the world. Signs are telling me which way to go. A little impulsive, defiant, reckless and rebelling with information. Very social."
174397065,That’s interesting....glad it’s working for this.....
175996436,She’s got low white blood count but her insurance company won’t pay for the shots to help increase it so she’s at risk for getting sick from bacteria/viruses and stuff like that. We’re all kinda pissed off about it. Apparently they won’t pay unless she actually gets sick but it could be too late at that point to help. The shots are like $3000 a round.
175996437,Your off. Good. I mean the waah out is dependent on individuak circumstances dose how long takibg it other meds etc etc. Drugs like olanzapine largactil and seroquel are powerful anti psychotics...and because they saturate the whole brain A yr n a half it took to wean off 1200 mg of seroquel a day. Hell...and more hell. Keep strong. HT
175996438,Leftover velveeta and shells
174397068,Legally there can be a 10% difference in dose but it only really matters if you’re on the bare minimum of medication....I for example had some issues with the generic of abilify when it first came out but then I adjusted.
175996439,"Finished decorating the Christmas tree ? Attached Images B69E9E9C-2A9F-45B2-A486-416E6E6DA720.jpg (238.5 KB, 5 views)"
175996440,"Thanks, Sometimes. Maybe some of it will turn around."
175996441,I'm sitting in the lobby. I don't know when they started letting us leave our rooms. I've been sleeping a lot. Still no smoking though.
175996442,I have a huge problem with decision making as well - But not in a psychosis way at the moment. I just have the opposite of boredom. I have to prioritize.
175996443,"It’s good that you are writing in. You said, “I have the anxiety condition for awhile already. I have some anxiety when I have to try a different medication ya. I even get chest pain just thinking about that. Can someone give me some advice on how I can get myself to not have anxiety when trying a different medication.” You added, “Ya I need to try it to know if it will work. The medication is lexapro. Do you know if that medication works well for anxiety. I just have some anxiety about taking it. Thanks.” about Lexapro, _PERSON_ said: “Lexapro works great for some people. Not for others. Trial and error like all of them. Starting on a very low dose might help minimize side effects” You asked: “Thanks. I think I will try the medication. Do you know if lexapro will make me tired though. I have some anxiety about that as a side effect ya.” _PERSON_ then said, “When I tried _PERSON_, it did not make me tired. It was actually more activating. But it probably impacts people in differ
ent ways.” _PERSON_ said about Lexapro: “I have tried Lexapro and found it to be really effective for anxiety so I would see give it go and see how you get on.” about Lexapro, web.md on net says that it is for anxiety and depression. It sounds like just what you need. My grandmother had bipolar, like I do, and there was no medicine for that. This was in the 1930s and 1940s. She spent time in mental institutions which had no medicine but had high walls. We were born into an era which has the medicine she much wanted but did not have. Because of modern medicine, we can be treated at home. Again, she dreamed of having the medicine you have right in front of you. A chance for relief from her emotional nightmare? Yeah. about being positive, you said, “Thanks. I am not really a positive kind of person though. I think that isn't good for anxiety ya. How can I try to become a more positive person. Can I have some advice on this.” I wasn’t positive, either, and it caused me great difficulty. I was raised i
n a negative household. Were you? Since I couldn’t see my unconscious, I didn’t know the “switch” was set on negative. My conscious wanted to solve the problem. My unconscious was set on negative, and would trip me up, because I had told it to be negative by my upbringing. So, I read this newspaper column on being positive. That woman changed my attitude in 10 paragraphs, with perhaps the main one being, “Going into a problem thinking you can solve it, doubles your chances that you will.” The very idea of thinking I could solve a problem, before I went into the problem was very new to me. In other words, I didn’t think about the problem first, I thought about thinking positive about the problem. What that did was, it flipped the switch on my unconscious from negative to positive. And then, both my conscious, which wanted to solve the problem, and my unconscious (which had been negative from childhood) were both set on positive. Before, my positive conscious would think of a solution to a problem
, but then my negative unconscious would say, “That won’t work because…."" Later I would find that my solution would have worked, but my unconscious was just doing as told: being negative. But by thinking before I went into the problem that I could solve it, it set my unconscious on positive and my unconscious began looking for solutions. Now, before going into a problem, I say, “Think positive, think positive, think positive,” and only then do I start thinking about the problem. Or, one problem at a time, and be positive about that problem. Does that make sense? Can you try it on your next problem?Post Edited (_NAME_) : 12/10/2020 6:16:25 PM (GMT-7)"
175996444,For wishing me good luck
175996445,"Oh god, I don’t think only 20-30 min is possible. I tell _NAME_ all the time I’m gonna take a 15 minute nap and I sleep for like four hours lol"
175996446,Yay!! Congrats!! I don’t get my grades until the second week of June. Kinda nervous lol
175996447,"I feel a lot better today, got 9 hours of sleep"
175996448,"Just watched saturday Mass. I'm buying a yoga set next month (_NAME_, blocks, strap, etc) and a dvd for beginners. Going to start doing yoga again."
175996449,"Working on an eevee drawing Attached Images 76BD17A1-12DA-48CD-828B-66843F38B9AB.jpg (108.3 KB, 9 views)"
175996450,Huh????? I don’t understand
175996451,"Really clever post, I would like to ask how would you be able to tell Psychosis from Gaslighting, actual hallucinating from being subject to Gang Stalking as they are very similar by design."
175996452,“Other people have it worse than you” “I can relate. My job stresses me out too” ...no. No. No.
175996453,Read 30 pages. Not bad considering my ability to focus has been bad the past couple days
175996454,Pizza and a Pepsi
175996455,"I just had leftovers from my Thanksgiving lunch thing yesterday. Turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, sweet potatoes, green beans and carrots, macaroni and cheese, stuffing. And I also had a _NAME_ pop tart."
175996456,I'm hoping roll call is just going through a temporary dry spell.
175996457,"Man Trader _NAME_’s and Costco are out of their turkey rolls, we are going to try going to target for their bake in bag turkey breast and a few sides....."
175996458,"That sounds self-defeating, but then again, it sounds like the inner world of a schizoid too, so you would probably feel at home. I do have telekinesis, but it's not something I can control unfortunately. I'm still not sure if it's a kind of emotional venting valve (imagine psychosomatic symptoms, but on the environment) or the doings of spirits. Maybe some events are pure psychokinesis while others involve spirits."
175996459,"Hi guys, today feels like it's gonna be a better day so far. I have a PCP appointment....telehealth though. They said they would call at 9:30 AM to go over my meds but they called at 8:45 AM. I was in a meeting but luckily I was able to call them back. Then the doctor is supposed to call me. I'm not sure what time because they gave me like three different times. 9:30 AM, 10:30 AM, and 10:45 AM. So sometime between now and lunch I figure. I just want her to call so I can get it over with. They asked me for my vitals and I was like IDK. They are like you don't have a scale (nope), or a blood pressure cuff (nope--although I think my Dad has one). I'm like if you want all this stuff then it can't be telehealth. I think the appointment will probably be stupid and pointless. That's why I just want to get it over with. I hope she will refill my inhaler but IDK. I usually go to urgent care when I need one so she's never prescribed it. IDK if she will or not."
175996460,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I think I am sleeping on it wrong, because I fall asleep on my left side and it is my left shoulder that is hurting. But I also have fibromyalgia and scoliosis and it could be any number of things. I just need to get the icy hot back out and numb the heck out of it!"
175996461,Those look good ... if I was over there they’d probably magically disappear ...
175996462,"I think I'm just gonna stop the metformin actually tomorrow and explain to my doctor at my next appointment that I don't want to risk taking it anymore, its too scary. I guess I'll gain the 15 lbs I lost back, maybe, we'll see. Oh well, at least I won't die from hypoglycemia."
175996463,"Decaf coffee, and some other grocery items"
175996464,"Hi, I recently posted about this as well. What’s super concerning to me is that the twitches are primarily in my left pectoral. Super scary. I sit here and check my pulse and it seems to be going at the same rate as the twitch. I recently went back on lexapro after being off for about 8 months or so. I’m on just 10mg by now. I still get twitches in other part of my body like arms and legs as well, but mainly the left pec. Or at least those are the ones that I really notice. Last night it threw me into full panic mode because it was going on and off every few seconds for like 10 minutes straight. I’m really hoping this is from the lexapro and not something serious. My psychiatrist said he doesn’t think it’s from the lexapro and I don’t remember this the first time I went on a few years ago. I feel your pain ?"
175996465,I'm lost but that's ok I'll find my way. I have time..
175996466,How can I do this with ADHD
175996467,"Group went well today. I talked about my lack of self-esteem and practically got showered in compliments. Makes me feel good, although a little awkward."
175996468,I already have love in my life that wasn't my point
175996469,"Well I made myself a mug brownie. I needed to relax a bit Attached Images 6AC4EE97-2A74-4C1B-82C3-47AF565748BD.jpeg (93.8 KB, 8 views)"
175996470,Thanks I am just kind of laying low and trying to feel better. I am waiting for the meds to kick in a little bit. I recently switched back to Abilify. So just waiting for that to work again.
175996471,The internet tells me that forearm and butt are pretty easy to do. Inner arm by the elbow and ankles are some of the worst - Tattoo Pain Chart: How Much Will It Hurt? - Wild Tattoo Art
175996472,At least by me they have movies in the parks in summer...
175996473,I have an appointment to get my haircut tomorrow ?
175996474,I said something wrong and now my friend doesn't want me to talk to her and my boyfriend is sending her a message. I don't trust this situation and I'm acting like a fool.
175996475,"Mental health: Feel roughly okay but a bit socially anxious and talkative. Exercised: Lol no. Socialized: Talked with my mom and sister, and had a meeting at work. Sleep: I notice I'm sleeping less than normal. Meds: Yup! Food: Had seven layered taco dip for lunch, going to eat ribs for dinner."
175996476,I’m pissed and angry and I want to harm people like they’ve harm. This isn’t like me. But I also want to harm myself because it’s for the greater good.
175996477,It started with anxiety and then a low mood. I didn't think it was mental health at first. I had a bunch of medical tests and everything came back normal. Then I went to a psychatric center for a mental health assessment. I said my anxiety is bad the first time. They went over some me ways to cope with stress. I wasn't improving and started getting the hallucinations around the time I go to sleep or wake up. Went back again and they weren't concerned since it was sleep related. They were concerned about my stress levels thoughand suggested following up with other mental health services or crisis. I guess the sleep hallucinations are bothersome since they disrupt my sleep sometimes. They quit once I'm awake.
175996478,"Thank you for replying to me. Yes, I’d like to message back and forth, how can I contact you?"
175996479,"I'm having one of those days. Life is just so crazy right now, I'm starting to feel overwhelmed by all the negative **** in my life. This weekend I need to figure out a way out of all of this crap."
175996480,"Hi Everyone, I wanted to start a positive thread as we all seem to suffer from mental health issues to varying degrees. I know all the things which make me anxious and afraid. Things which keep me up at night and cause me distress. Now lets flip this upside down and say what makes us happy!!! What in your life takes the edge off. What makes those dark days better. Most people here know I am religious. I love people and being with my group makes me happy. I love our social picnics or just gathering together for an evening of fun. I also love spending time with my wife. Weather its watching a movie or going out shopping with her its all good for me. I am thankful for the simple things in my life now. I have learned the hard way working 24/7 is such a waste of time. Money never made anyone happy. Sitting by a fire in the cold of winter reading a good book is fine with me. Making quilts with my wife is another thing I enjoy. I am as surprised as anyone I would enjoy making a quilt. My favorite place to 
be is on the beach surf fishing. As you can guess by my name--Oceanfisher!!! How about anyone else? What makes you happy and takes your anxious moments away? God bless you all"
175996481,"I wish I was multiple people at the same time so I could get more done, learn more, take in more information.. Hope the panic attack doesn't last long _PERSON_.. Mine last long af.."
175996482,"Congrats, Newtus! I hope you'll love it!"
175996483,"I figured out, it’s the metformin giving me diarrhea everyday."
175996484,But I'm still having extreme anxiety and everything else
175996485,I took a 5mg olanzepine because it helps with a paranoia like symptom that I can't explain.. It's like not having patience for anything.. Does anyone feel lack of patience as a symptom sometimes? Olanzepine helps..
175996486,Fun! Take pics if you do
175996487,"YouTube I love to read so much, this is a _NAME_ talk about it"
175996488,"Probably having a Taco Bell nacho box tonight....sometimes I eat super healthy and sometimes not, tonight isn’t one of the healthy times...oh well."
175996489,"I see my therapist and Psychiatrist tomorrow so we'll see what happens. No matter how many times I tell my psychiatrist that I don't like how the meds make me feel, he just insists that I'm depressed. It's really frustrating. Thanks for your replies _PERSON_ and _PERSON_!"
175996490,Lol I had pumpkin pie today along with a **** tone whipped cream... not healthy but hey I got the last piece it was calling my name.
175996491,"This sounds like a tricky situation. It seems like you already know you don’t want to break up with your boyfriend and if doing so would lead to him hurting himself, then you shouldn’t do that. Why won’t your parents accept him, may I ask?"
175996492,"Also, I thought of something very uplifting when I was in my class last week. ""Even depressed/anxious students deserve to be in class!"""
175996493,"I had always been a nervous and jumpy person. But in 2001, I was put on several psychiatric medications, as I was dealing with severe depression and other mental health issues at the time. And while these pills helped me with my depression, at the same time, they made me even more nervous. Real anxious. But in 2009, I was finally put on new meds. Also, during that time, I was seeing a therapist who was trained in a newer form of psychotherapy called EMDR, or Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing. As a result, my terrible anxieties suddenly went way down. I was finally calm! I was very, very happy, as you can imagine. So happy that some people in my life were worried that I was getting manic. However, I had been dealing with awful anxieties for years that suddenly disappeared. I had good reason to be happy. How was I not supposed to be jumping up and down?"
175996494,Sorry you’re feeling sick....hugs.
175996495,I hope you feel better Valley
175996496,"Yeah I took a Xanax XR earlier and it dampens my anxiety pretty well. I also took more Zyprexa, at my pdoc's on-call pdoc's request. Anyway, feeling somewhat better now. _USER_ID_: sorry if that wasn't related to your post... ha"
175996497,"personally i dont understand how it can be mixed in the same reality, people lie sometimes, and if society allows lies i dont realise what stops me from lying every time i need to and get whatever i want, but then you lie and people are disappointed, and im like wait, so is lying allowed or not? for me it feels like words dont matter, people lie anyway so i dont realise why the news for exemple is full of people 'telling their part of the story', why does it matter what they say if they are allowed to lie, i dont watch tv at all nowadays. as a kid i felt like i HAD to tel the truth no matter how i feel, i was self absobed in my reality so even when kids around me didnt give a ###$ about cheating or lying i never lied, ever in my life untill i was 13~ and i felt like this was the norm, even then i didnt do bad things simply because i thought im not allowed, i didnt realise how other kids do bad things, i guess it has something to do with my dad hinting that he will throw me in the garbage when i did 
bad things and didn't realise they were bad, i threw rocks at neighbor's dog. i wonder if anyone had that 'good kid' invisible shackles on him, and i wonder how do you take them off? it seems like there are no real consequences to lying, so i think i will always lie to everyone because why not, i did the mistake of telling the truth to my therapist about some crime but i can still save it because its like im ######6 puting handcuffs on myself, idk why i do it, it's so automatic, im just not allowed to lie"
175996498,"I don't think bipolar disorder can be cured. But it can be successfully managed. Take it from someone who knows. My issues with manic/depression have been managed quite well since 2011, I'm glad to say."
175996499,"Yes. Well I'm locked in, nothing I can do about anything. He has abandonment issues, as do I."
175996500,I hope you don't cut back on us too much. I would miss you.
175996501,Nine Inch Nails - The Day the World Went Away
175996502,"_NAME_, you are living the dream!"
174397159,I’m the same way with my teeth. I’m so sorry. Due to schizophrenia negative symptoms. I hate that word.
175996503,Things are so not good right now but I don’t know where to start to address anything. Can you guys help? Do I start with my mental health or my physical health? Have you guys had any luck with weight loss? What are your guys anxiety coping mechanisms? Like I have so many questions
175996504,"That model is true for everyone, albeit with fluctuating fractions. Most people would accept that you will offend some and not others; it's life and the more we do the more people we offend. What most people seem to do is accept that fact and let it slide, knowing that they'll also be offended by those around them and it's not the end of the world. When they'll take notice is when it's important, which brings us back to the ""so what?"" question."
175996505,Ditto.....
175996506,"yep I think I will upgrade to a 1TB microSD card when the price of those cards go down. They've gone from $500 to about $250 now over the span of 1 year. I expect in a few more years, when 2TB cards come out, the 1TB will be around $100 or $150. Btw, I think B&H is the best place to buy microSD cards instead of Amazon. Some of Amazon's ""expected delivery dates"" for simple things like microSD cards are around April 30th! And B&H has a good price anyways. I buy lots of stuff from them, including my 2 PS4 controllers I posted earlier."
175996507,"My wife is convinced since I have an interest in firearms that I should have a strong labido. I recently found firearms as a hobby. I go to the shooting range often, wait in line at 6am to purchase ammo, I am on a number of firearm discussion groups and have made a number of friends that I talk to frequently about the subject. My wife says that because I have a healthy interest in guns that I should have a strong labido. That the two are connected chemically. I take 80mg of Prozac, 300mg of Seroquel, 70mg of Vyvanse and 10mg pills of Valium daily. Does my healthy interest in guns and getting excited when talking about them or going shooting have anything to do with the way my medications are affecting my sex drive. Because currently my sex drive is non-existent."
175996508,_PERSON_ Are you taking any medicine for anxiety or depression?
175996509,I would buy it if you do make it!
175996510,"I really love t storms in the city but in the farther burbs they can actually be a little scary like with tornados ? and stuff. Albeit, I will give one city exception where I was on the beach and the wind picked up for a storm and we all got sand blasted....."
175996511,Maybe you could reframe that and say you've been unfocused lately instead of bad. Good job getting those quotes done!
175996512,"They are having me monitor my blood pressure, but it’s low-normal, so I don’t understand how that could make me dizzy, especially since I am also dizzy when it’s in the average range. Many days the only time I feel “normal” is the first 20-30 minutes after I get up. I go back to the doctor on Thursday..."
175996513,"I ordered my Mom some postcards from _PERSON_ that were Wizard of Oz. There were four sepia toned ones. I liked them so much that I took them to Hobby Lobby and got them specialty framed for her. They called last night and said it is ready. I didn't show her the cards but I did tell her about it because I couldn't keep it a secret, I was too excited. So I'm so excited to go to the store and pick it up today and see how happy my Mom is. It's just a ""just because"" present. ""Just because I love her."" It's not her birthday or anything."
175996514,"Hi beckla1985 I love _NAME_’s input. I have a cat, not a dog, so he can’t assist me with anxiety out in the world:). But I cannot imagine my daily life without that bond with him. It is such a comfort. Just a thought... you mentioned Effexor has done wonders for you, which is wonderful. My experience with it was that while it helped with depression it caused me such high anxiety that I couldn’t tolerate it, even when I lowered my dose. Hopefully the propranolol will offset your anxiety. I know we are all DNA experiments of one but thought I’d share. Wishing you well. _PERSON_"
175996515,"Unless you are in a remote area, the dstributor can get you anything by 3 pm the following day, almost always."
175996516,"Well I suppose predisposed to a psychotic episode, weed will bring it out. I'm listening to ""The Value Of A Psychotic Experience"" by _NAME_."
175996517,I'm sorry you're all not getting sleep @ everyone.. The past 3 days I slept 12 hours a night and a 2-3 hour nap every evening. I think it's cuz of the phenibut. It's like I'm benzoed.
175996518,"_NAME_, thank you!! I am a very firm believer that you have to “mask yourself first” so that you’re able to mask everyone else. If I don’t get my head right first, I certainly can’t offer good care to anyone else. I’m making good progress with my sister as I just work through the stages of grief or whatever this is. Allowing myself to do this is really helping. Thank you for the thoughts! The support here really helps! ??"
175996519,I’m sending hugs
175996520,"Hello Everyone, I have an annual exam on Tuesday and I am concerned about it. I am 28 year old male, 170 lbs and in good health. I exercise very regularly and am watchful of what I eat. Last year when I got my exam, I was told I had elevated cholesterol which has been treated with a low dosage of medicine. Also I feel fine too. In spite of this, I have a sense of dread about my appointment. Like I will receive a bad diagnosis. Does anyone have any suggestions for keeping a level leading up to and during my appointment. I don't think anything bad will come up but you never know."
175996521,Idk what to do with my time today
175996522,"No you aren't the only one.. I use to be so nervous on job interviews. I haven't had one in over ten years. I am glad. But you will do fine. Once things get rolling. We have total faith in you. You'll get through it. Hang in there, Hugs, _NAME_..."
175996523,Scrambled eggs
175996524,"Thanks, it’s 62 here!"
175996525,"I’m trying to save money and the only thing I’ve purchased in the last few weeks have been my fees for my exams. I’m sure I can spare a few dollars for soda mixes. I mean, it’s helluva lot cheaper than booze. I haven’t bought booze for at least a month. Been drinking soda and tea instead. Also it’s pay day!"
175996526,"Happy belated birthday, S.C. Thanks so much for all you do for us here!"
175996527,Salad w/ Raspberry vinaigrette and some Greek yogurt
175996528,Sorry I didn't know I got any responses my email didn't inform me. I ate it straight out of the jar just for health benefits. Ha
175996529,I feel like the posts on here should be more and faster so people forget my posts. My posts out of frustration aren't really meaningful. But I'm calm now cuz it helps to talk about it. _USER_ID_: Ok my mom made a salad.. I'll be back when this all blows over...
175996530,The best advise I have is to document everything. You need to spend half you time doing that. And be aware that some people are going to try to push you buttons. Remember that before every interaction and document everything after every meeting.
175996531,I’m gonna do my best to pull myself out of it though
175996532,"microfiber cleaning cloth for my glasses. wet wipes, and draino."
175996533,"I feel so much anxiety right now Forgot my meds last night and had a Red Bull this morning too. Ugh. Cant even drink nothing with caffeine. On record, I just called my mom. On the phone with her for 4 min exactly and she's already berating me about getting a job. I talk to her ONCE a week now for TEN min and she can’t ****ing leave me alone about anything. Bout to not call at all. Talking about “I’m concerned for your mental health”. WHEN? U never been anyway to begin with. Foh."
175996534,"I am trying to get my dad help to get his dog groomed and I feel like a failure because I waited to last min and no place around here does walkins and their booking is full for a few days. I feel so guilty and awful to the max. I started crying on the phone to my dad. He said if I can’t do it it’s ok. Besides the weather being insanely horrible, I feel guilty that I can’t help people that ask me for help. Especially my dad. I’d do anything for my dad. Anything. I just started crying saying I was an awful person cuz I said I’d do it. I have to admit it’s so incredibly hard to keep up my household and then my dads with stuff he doesn’t have time to do. And then sometimes my mom needs help from Time to time and she doesn’t know how to properly use the internet/computer for doing things. She still calls every place or goes up to a place to find an item or make appointments. Etc. And I just feel so guilty,and the toughness of keeping up about 3, at least 2, households is incredibly insan
ely exhausting and stressful."
174397223,What meds are you currently on? When I was on meds like latuda and geodon I had to make myself eat to get enough calories in before taking them. It was easier to ignore being hungry. No apatite but felt hungry. If you get what I mean. Then there’s meds like zyprexa and saphris when I was on them I was totally hangry and when I didn’t eat all the time it was hard to stop snacking on things no matter how much food I consume. If I didn’t eat a lot I’d get shaky on the zyprexa.
175996535,I'm here newtus
175996536,"So... this is a first time for me. Posting anywhere like this, but I dont know where else to turn. I just moved to a new city with a man I thought was the kindest most supportive and understanding person I have ever met. But since we've decided to move in together he has become someone else. Always tired and sleeping. Were hardly intimate anymore. I thought well maybe its because of me. Im bipolar with high anxiety and as happy as I wanted to be about the move I was in one of my super depressed states and just couldn't shake it. No matter how hard I tried and wanted to celebrate our new start together. Not even a full week goes by and he completely flips out on me and tells me that if im that miserable to just leave. The very next day I go for help... im on medication now, have been for about a month. And yesterday was the very first day I felt more like myself than I had in a while. I was so happy! (Not manic happy, but still.) Even he notices and comments on how much happier and beautiful I look. 
How happy he is for me. Then later at dinner he does something that upsets me, an argument with my son where my 3 year old boy is in tears and he just won't let up. So instead of flipping out I remain calm, pull him away and tell him thats enough and not okay with me. I ask him to step away to take a break and just breath, to go to another room and collect himself bc this is way out of character for him, but had gradually been building up for 3 days... he tells me he is calm, but nothing about his tone of voice or body language agrees with his words. I ask him repeatedly, but still nicely bc im still in a great mood despite the small altercation, to just go and try to relax and calm down. Then he flips out, tries to pin it on me saying I started it all and calls me a numb skull bc im not getting what he's saying. Now one of my tiggers is being called stupid, something from an abusive past, a small part but still. I am still furious and have hardly spoken to him sense. _PERSON_ refused to clean the house today 
or cook him dinner, because i dont feel that he deserves my taking care of him as usual. Hes also refusing to speak to me except for short growling comments. I dont know what to think... did I over react? Is it really all my fault?"
175996537,That’s good news ?
175996538,Just got out
175996539,I have read all the above a couple of times and your points are valid. I can't disagree with any of them. This one surprised me : I would have thought suicidal thoughts prevailed in most pd's but have no stats on this.
175996540,"Added more details to the first zentangle picture and finished up the second one, just have to do the coloring for the 2nd now"
175996541,Glad it went well!
175996542,According to my fitbit I got 5 hours 20 min of sleep with 10 times of restlessness
175996543,New roll call
175996544,Welcome back
174397236,clozaril is ready at pharmacy
174397239,"Just took clozaril 200mg, geodon 40mg, klonopin 1mg"
175996545,Just paid off my house in ac.....
175996546,"_NAME_ was the best _NAME_ to ever play the role https://youtu.be/iK2LwLyZAlc A lot of people go to the _NAME_ version of that _NAME_, which I don't understand. _PERSON_ on her best day couldn't hold a candle to _PERSON_ on any day. _PERSON_ isn't even the second best soprano to perform the _NAME_, _PERSON_ Price was. I think what _PERSON_ was best at, she did wonderfully, with her large voice and wide range. It's such a shame she only started to do _PERSON_ at the end of her career, because those were the roles she was suited for, those or the lead soprano roles in some of _PERSON_ later operas. I do credit _PERSON_ for reviving _PERSON_ opera Medea, which she would be the best to ever perform the role on record. I've not seen a lot of footage of _PERSON_ acting, but _PERSON_ was one of the best opera singers when it came to acting, and not just Sopranos, but ALL singers. Everyone says _PERSON_ is one of the greatest opera singers to ever live, and he is, but it's widely agreed upon that he was on
e of the absolute worst actors in opera history. It's pretty important, but if you're _PERSON_, you can get away with being bad at it."
175996547,"Yeah I cried before I went to sleep yesterday. I've been so stressed out. I took one valium the evening before I went nuts so I took another valium and a zopiclone the other night, went crazy but relaxed and then took another zopiclone and went to sleep. I haven't taken any benzos or sleeping meds since my invega injection (Just an olanzepine). I can just stop the benzos now because I'm on the injection. I don't get anxiety but if I can't sleep, I'll take one valium. What antipsychotics are you on? I realized that I need the injection.. Huge wake up call."
175996548,"Hi TMO, Yeah I think it is the anxious brain that still makes you focus on your leg and even though you know that it got better, you may still feel slight sensations there because you are focusing on it. I am pretty sure it will disappear soon. Please stay away from Google. Stop searching."
175996549,"I have noticed differences in different generic brands. Also from brand name to generic. I think it depends on the medication and the individual's chemical make up. They try to tell you that it is the same but the actual medication can vary certain amounts of milligrams. I hope that the generic works well for you. Keep us posted on how it goes. _PERSON_, _NAME_... Welcome back..."
175996550,I got an email with a company I made an account with online. They have a paid opportunity for me to do about schizophrenia and long acting injections.
175996551,"I function pretty highly on meds but off meds... I deteriorate quickly. Its kind of upsetting to understand that, even through all the therapy and time and treatment and effort- pull away the curtain and Im still the same messed up person. I hope that, in your case- there CAN be a better. Stable is better, but stable with a less disabling disease... I hope that for you. Keep talking to professionals. Theyll help you know your limits- and best of luck to you"
175996552,"SP can you get me the info of how to submit the art I did to madinamerica, for some reason my computer isn't loading the site so I don't know how to go about submitting it"
175996553,"You said, “I try to stay optimistic about it...as I was before the pandemic I mean literally I was always trying to help Other anxiety sufferers.” Do you know why I’m trying to help you and others on this board, even though I’m bipolar and I have as many problems as everyone else? It’s because of what you just said, “I mean literally I was always trying to help Other anxiety sufferers.” In my case, a year or so before I came on this website, I was on a “particular ailment” website, and I went on there with a problem that was really getting me down. And on that website was a woman who was having a problem, and my concern suddenly turned from worrying about my health problem, to worrying about hers. And I gave everything I had to trying to help that person. And you what happened? My health problem disappeared. My psychic energy turned around from going inward and worrying about my health problem, to going outward and worrying about her health problem. So when I came on this board, I 
never thought about any of my problems, I had learned to try to help somebody else. So that is true what you say: “I mean literally I was always trying to help Other anxiety sufferers.” And in so doing, we may help them and we often help ourselves. As far as being positive, I didn’t know anything about that. I always thought my parents were right when I was being raised, that many things were bad, and I adopted that, and since that was in my unconscious, which I can’t see, I really didn’t know I was carrying that around. I couldn’t figure out why I couldn’t solve problems. What I would often see after I had blundered, was that I had rejected a solution that turned out to be correct. It was my positive conscious wanting to do something, but having learned negative as a child, my unconscious was on negative, and was taught to disagree with whatever goal my conscious wanted to achieve. So inside my mind is plus 1, minus 1 = 0. So I couldn’t solve the problem. Until I can get both sides of my mind 
going in the same direction, I can’t solve the problem. So I came across this newspaper column on being positive when trying to solve problems. She said, if you’re positive going into a problem that you can solve it, your chances of solving it double. What I found that does is, it flipped the switch in my unconscious from negative to positive, and I solved the next problem that I had, not by thinking first about the problem, but to thinking that could solve it. Then, when I went into a problem, I wouldn’t think about the problem, I would first say, “Think, positive, think positive, think positive,” and only then think about the problem. That’s what the column taught me."
175996554,_AT_MENTION_ are you feeling any better?
175996555,White chocolate caramel cappuccino Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175996556,Went to the grocery today and picked up salads and milk....the salads are not filling for some reason....I think it’s low carbs but my stomach was growling even after eating a full bag of salad. I’m really tempted to go pick up ice cream at the local parlor but hopefully will not cave in.
175996557,"I look after 4 x black and white feral cats. One has been trapped, neutered, released and I intend to t,n,r the others. In the meantime I have rescued a tiny stray dog, same size as the cats and weirdly, also black and white. Seeing all these tiny black and white animals dotted around the garden makes me wonder about the coincidence. I have always thought such colouring is a poor camouflage for any animal in these parts of the world. To have so many, is amusing. I googled this... for fun"
175996558,"About to make some coffee. I need coffee/caffeine to push myself to another level of amazingness I'm going grocery shopping tomorrow and getting Tostito tortilla chips, with stuff to dip them in (guacamole, jalapeno cheese dip, and hot chunky salsa)"
175996559,"Ooo- what kind of fish will you have HT? Feeling really down and alone this week. I have friends but I’ve come to realize that they all are living far away or are not close enough that they are people I can really turn to. I have multiple health issues and have managed to get through the years being able to handle it myself, attending appointments and hospitalizations by myself. I have several upcoming procedures and a surgery and am required to find a person I know to drive me home. I cant find anyone. I may have one person that can help the one day but doesn’t seem to happy about it. I feel bad and don’t what to inconvenience them especially if they don’t want to do it. I may ask the hospital if there is some service that is offered that can help me get home, I’m sure some thing can be worked out. Still I’ve just started to feel really alone that there is no body that can be with me for this kind of thing and be my advocate or be some one I can lean on in these situations. I’ve alwa
ys tried hard not to be needy and to remain independent, and to be there when others are in need. I don’t know if I’m just bad at making good friends or having a pitty party or what."
175996560,I got 2 good news today tho. An article about me in the paper and my acceptance letter to that university.
175996561,Watching wild Russia....Siberia is huge.....
175996562,I brought my switch with me on vacation. Lol.
175996563,Wow it's been quite a while since I came on here haha.
175996564,I've had sleep paralysis a few times before which resulted in seeing a man at my door with a knife and one time. scary **** man. I don't want to sleep anymore tonight either even though i've only gotten 2 hours of sleep. If you want we can talk? Maybe get your mind off things?
175996565,Fingers crossed they’re ok
175996566,"Morning friends. Slept really good. Not sure if maintenance is going to paint today or next week, doesn't really matter to me, my anxiety over this has pretty much gone away. Think I'm going to do a horror movie marathon today"
175996567,"It has a 7 hour half life, and if you're not taking it for sleep, but for BP or sz then you need to take it twice a day with 500 calories so you have a steady amount in your system. However, I can get away with just taking both doses at night and it works fine for me. It's been the single greatest drug I've tried yet. Weight friendly, doesn't stunt sex drive, helped me feel emotions, I don't experience any side effects at all. My roommate tried it and her experience was awful because of the short half life. She would feel withdrawal because of the short half life."
175996568,"I slept so late sassy didn’t even wake me up. _PERSON_ did, he said “good morning” and was hovering over me with a cup of coffee for me."
175996569,Sounds good!
175996570,I need to go through a lot of pain to truly live
175996571,"I wouldn't continue sessions with him _PERSON_, you should tell your therapist and she can help you deal with the negative things he told you"
175996572,No I’m just so exhausted mentally. I was unfortunately given older parents at a young age. So caring for my dad mainly from time to time. Then my business... Then... ugh idk my mental health My finances... My house and animals And then possibly a baby and getting pregnancy-ready
175996573,Been studying most of the weekend. Feeling more confident about the exam now. Went for a drive and ended up at one of the Asian markets bought a bunch of good stuff. Going to be eating Asian this week. Had a Thai shrimp noodle bowl today. Maybe a Thai red curry another day. Maybe a Chinese stir fry. Idk! Have to look up recipes. I don’t do most of the cooking I’ll be honest. I help out a lot though.
175996574,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ Dawn!
174397278,Those look so good!
175996575,Can’t sleep either. Maybe it’s too early
175996576,"Yeah, I had to force myself out. lol I feel really tired for some reason today so didn't feel like going but it's done thankfully. One thing that helps is it's autumn and chilly out so I'm not pouring sweat while I carry my laundry there and back I hope you're able to get to the pharmacy soon"
175996577,I’m in the psych ward against my will. Meh.
175996578,"Great question I would say that we can experience a range of 'voices' from steaming from inside the head ( like just outside the middle ear) to coming from outside of our local periphery. Both Male and Female voices would be present with the varieties in use of language and accents, words used, and coin of phrases. Age ranges say from a teenager to middle-aged also a degree of educational background can be deduced. Also, what's of great interest is the way we can communicate directly within it may it be through subvocalization, actually vocalized speech, or by induced thoughts not vocalized through patterns. Also what can be achieved or displayed is the use of every appliance like a personnel laptop or in some cases a TV show broadcast, as if it was hacked by professional PYOP's experts. I would like to ask if anybody has noticed these common noticeable traits. Also, would any tactical feeling of pressure within the middle ear or upon the top of your head be actively noticeable during the live stre
aming of 'voices' and sub thoughts, I have noticed tonal momentary tinnitus and dizziness. As well as the obvoius fact that it has now commuted more of the general scope of people as now it can affect an 11-year-old or a guy in his 50s. This was not mainstream when I was diagnosed decades ago."
175996579,"_PERSON_ said... 1st wanted to say you guys are awesome for the support and communication back and fourth. I also have the same thing with the same symptoms. I've thought of so many things health wise since i have bad anxiety and health anxiety then the vision thing pops up out of nowhere! Ive been to 3 different eye dr they had no clue what I'm ralking about :/ i feel much better about this now that i know theres others dealing with this also and seems not to be life threatening. I found this post by trying to find answers about vision issues and im really glad i did ! Did anyone fund out more? I have a nuerologist app in a few weeks but now i feel much better about going. Im 37 and the visiin changes happened a few months ago. It's comforting to know theres people living thier lives still moving foward despite the vision issues. I plan to do the same! Hei BA409, Sorry to hear that you are also experiencing the same thing. I think me and _PERSON_ have posted a lot of info and latest updates in the 
previous discussions. So please go through them and if you have any specific question let us know. Yes, you are right it is not a dangerous thing threathening our lives but it would be the best if we could find out how to get rid of completely. However I have learned to live with it and ignore it most of the times dusring this 3 years . It is great that you have appoinment with a neurologist. Please keep us updated about what he/she tells you afterwards. Take care and kepp in touch. Regards _PERSON_"
175996580,Good for you.
175996581,If all goes well I should be moving at the end of this month
175996582,That's cool! I follow Bill _PERSON_ on goodreads.
175996583,"I'm excited, _NAME_ is releasing a new album in September!"
175996584,Sometimes I sit down and just starting thinking for no apparent reason. Either alone or in public I don’t give a singular damn. Lol.
175996585,"Use your resources....doctors, therapists etc."
175996586,Yeah same.. In survival mode I get severe selective mutism....
175996587,OH FAK. I had a nap.. I get nothing done. I'm useless. But going skiing tomorrow.
175996588,What do you all think? Should I start a mental health and casual gaming channel? Seriously. I’ve always wanted to do this but i feel unsure too idk.
175996589,HAHAHA! Or ... they’re narcissists ... which makes way more sense than it should ... lmao.
175996590,Oatmeal w/ berries
175996591,You deserve to have all good things.
175996592,"I did , I did!!!!"
175996593,I can literally not log into FB for days and I don't miss it.
175996594,Cool! Sometimes it's hard to read long pages on my phone but I only get on PC thru Tapatalk... So links and stuff happen on my phone and I usually bookmark them and come back to them on the computer.
175996595,Probably get back on meds. Not sure where you are but there’s other meds. Positive symptoms and negative symptoms aren’t good. Talk to your doctor for sure. If your struggling and losing function then you need meds…that is how it is for most of us.
175996596,"Keep having heart palpitations, freaks me out"
175996597,"Hi _NAME_ ... long time, no see. *waves*"
175996598,"I am really bad about things like that. Like I'll buy apps and subscriptions I don't need on my iPhone all the time. I recently decided to keep a handwritten journal of all the purchases I'm making though. So I have to write it in the journal physically if I buy something. Then I have to categorize it as 1 Need, 2 Want, 3 Culture, and 4 Unexpected or Emergency things."
175996599,I'm 51... Well tomorrow I'll be 51
175996600,Sucks falcon.....
175996601,"Similar experience for me now. I was so sensitive that it was excruciating to get into a social setting because I would always think this and that about what I should talk about, am I funny, am I coming off weird, will I make them feel awkward, what's appropriate. Being that type of introvert was just emotionally exhausting. Then I was put on an SSRI and zap, I could barely feel any emotion at all. Now im the most social guy at my work. I've got a million questions for everyone, ""tell me something about yourself that I wouldn't know"" has become my favorite around work. Dinner, plans, last evening, how do you express your creativity, I've got questions all day, and it's me getting to know people is a pleasure now. Psychology taught me that ""personality"" is a trait that is constant. But I've completely changed. Everything about me has changed. I'm more assertive, more confident, more curious, yet I still don't like to go out because I get my social fill with my friends at work. So, besides work, 
I'm a recluse, except for the occasional theater trip with my theater buddy I work with. I literally can't feel lonely. At all. When my cat passed away... I miss her... but I don't have a cat, and I did start to date but that was just not working at all. Online dating, at my age, is crazy. I still can't believe a SOCIALOGY professor tried to rank how successful I am (how much money I make.) That just floored me. I wasn't prepared for that at all. She read my reaction as I tilted my head and leaned back in my chair."
175996602,Maybe this will be a good place to visit
175996603,"It's just more school. Not that big of a deal. To me, anyway."
175996604,"Idk maybe I am having a depression. I feel like I just want to lay in bed and sleep, but I have a headache cuz too much sleeping."
175996605,Don't know what to do. I have class tomorrow but I'm technically not a student anymore so... I think I should just say **** it.
175996606,I've been awake for 24 hours. I'm manic or something. _PERSON_.. _PERSON_..
175996607,"Okay, well, I hope you feel better soon."
175996608,"People with bipolar illness who don't take their meds can be very manipulative. It can actually get scary. I can see why you feel your wife is going to leave. Like there is a pattern. A method behind the madness. Or is it a madness behind the method? Either way I am sorry you are going through all this. Know that you are doing the best that you can. You have been real patient as most would of given up by now. I hope you get your loving and kind wife back. I think that the illness has given her a different personality. I know this is difficult for you. I am glad you are hanging in there and doing some good things for yourself. You need that right now. Know we are here for you. Keep us posted if you feel up to it. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175996609,"I hope so. I want to live independently at my apartment really badly, but it's hard when going to my apartment evokes this anxiety and paranoia."
175996610,Covid 19 is all around. Restaurants are shuttered. Economy is slowing. It's so weird.
175996611,Yes! 3rd shift! =P
175996612,"Do you think that all (antisocial?) schizoids are angry? Over controlled emotions are a recipe for explosive outbursts. If you are talking about rejection here, then yes, that too is a recipe intense frustration and possibly violence, best exemplified by spree killers, not to be confused with mass killers."
175996613,I had that tonight too lol
175996614,"Two books ? and 3 boxes of chocolate covered candies ?, _NAME_ ?, blueberry and I forgot the third one, oh orange ?"
175996615,Could be your ocd mixed with social anxiety....... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175996616,"Did not know that, newtus. I am so sorry. But if you really feel your throat is closing up, that is not something to blow off. Sorry."
175996617,Our governor recommended a flobee.....
175996618,At work. Got a Pdoc appt after work and then gotta drop off my art at the gallery.
175996619,It’s not in China or some thing like that. It’s Brooklyn NY
175996620,Why are you supporting her?
175996621,Super bummer
175996622,I don’t know what WattPad is
175996623,I'm guilty of doing that a few times.
175996624,Remember coping skills. Deep in nose hold slow release mouth. Bnotafraid taught me ice cubes im hands....i do slow cold running water on head under the sbower. HT
175996625,You guys are hilarious ?
175996626,What have you been reading?
174397352,Arent all schizophrenics delusional? What kind of delusions do you have supposedly?
175996627,"Propranolol was the only med that worked for me. I took it as a PRN for a while, but once the restlessness kicked in, it took too much to calm it down. Now I take 10 mg twice a day and this small dosage seems to keep it at bay."
175996628,Yeah I remember a UK study about it a few years ago but I think because of the high doses it’s not something most people can manage. I just wasn’t sure in this study what happened after the single dose wore off....like if you’re back to baseline psychosis or if you stay well for an extended period.
175996629,"It really really is. It always seems tho that no matter what the accomplishment is that I make, I feel like it’s still not good enough. I remember telling my mom I was nominated and she brushed it off. I was so incredibly hurt and she talked down to me. Saying “well you’re not gonna get chosen anyway, so just stop talking about it”. I was floored."
175996630,"Got the structure of the drawing done, will be working on the shading and details later. It's just a little house with a Christmas wreath, pine trees around with snow on them"
175996631,Nope. Not today. Tomorrow for sure.
175996632,I hope it’s not but better to check it out......
175996633,Any good takeout food near you?
175996634,Gorgeous!
175996635,one med was increased and chlorpromazine added
175996636,"Hugs, Des."
175996637,Also earth cam is super cool!
175996638,"Do you guys normally do jury duty? Even though I’m stable I always feel the fact that I had psychosis sort of invalidates my opinion in court cases...basically I had a doc write a note like a few years ago and I thought I was done with it but now I have a jury duty summons again...I’m not sure if I should try to get out of it again or just go, it’s like five days before my trip to see my mom and I’m worried it’s gonna interfere if I have to actually serve. I know you can reschedule but I might get a worse courthouse if I do that. I’m just torn but I’m leaning towards just going as it’s the least effort right now."
175996639,Feeling better after a lot of sleep. I slept from 1am-4pm (15 hours) and then slept from 10pm-11am (13 hours).
175996640,Oh youre fine! I love to write. It’s my passion and hobby. So 10 pages on something I love is easy. I adored writing essays for philosophy class in college!
175996641,Day trip!
175996642,ordered fast food
175996643,Hope it goes by quickly so you're able to enjoy the holiday weekend
175996644,I did. I got a lot of pictures plus some things that belonged to my grandfather. It was still very sad seeing my grandfather immobile. It’s not how I remember him at all. Post Edited (TMo) : 9/1/2019 3:43:03 PM (GMT-6) 1 2
175996645,"Therapist appointment went well. She says I could be feeling irritable because of the meds and stuff but also I have a legit reason to be irritable and I need to work on that. Update on meds; Meds; Invega Sustenna 150mg every 4 weeks (I want to decrease this to 100mg but increase it to every 3 weeks) Vyvanse 50mg every morning (I want to decrease this to 40mg - I'll have to survive but it will help with sleep and maybe stop worrying about my heart) Seroquel 100mg (Changed to 5mg olanzepine every night and 5mg PRN for psychosis. I also want to change to a different sleep med like mirtazepine again.) Alprazolam 0.5mg every night (I want to change this to 10mg Valium, then 8mg, then 6mg, then 4mg, then 2mg, then 0mg every two weeks) Atenolol 50mg every 12 hours (Staying the same but eventually 50mg every morning and 25mg every night) Vitamins; Vitamin D every morning Fish oil 3x a day Legal recreational; Phenibut 800mg today (Decrease by 100mg every day until 0mg and then take 1.5g once a week) Mariju
ana (A small bit every night). Coffee (One coffee a day) Nicotine gum (Try to take only a few max every day) CBD (50-100mg at night) That's it!"
174397375,"Sounds good, I hope you find a good therapist."
175996647,My day is getting better. I started off in pain. I took some meds and I've mainly been taking it easy. It's a pretty day. I'm sitting right next to an open window. I have everything I need to doodle and color. So I will spend some time doing that. I hope everyone is doing well. Happy New Year's to all!
175996648,"Monks are cool. If reincarnation is a thing, I wouldn't mind coming back as someone who will one day become a monk"
175996649,6 hours until I go to the library. I'm nervous
175996650,Breathe. Hugs.
175996651,Gonna buy a coke then read
175996652,"Still at my grandparents, have my laptop. I feel paranoid when im alone"
175996653,Also seeing pdoc today.
175996654,"Gonna mess with the guitar for a bit, read then watch netflix Productive so far no panic"
175996655,"Hey there, I’m so sorry to hear about your past, and I’m impressed you kept so strong through it all, and that you’re making progress now. I’ve never been hospitalized for my suicidal thoughts… but then again, I persuade myself how I feel isn’t that bad, that I wouldn’t actually try to do anything. I don’t know if this is my mind telling me something that isn’t true, or if it’s right. But I don’t really have options, I’ve tried discussing any negative feelings I’ve had in the past with family and friends… and it never went well. Recently I keep thinking of/obsessing over anything that’s related to self harm. To take a step back, I used to self harm, abuse alcohol, and have lots of suicidal thoughts. Was sent to a therapist to ‘magically straighten me out’, and was doing better for some time. Now, kind of back to a low again, but determined not to go down the road of bad methods to cope. However, in the past week or so, I’m thinking about blades and I see them all 
the time. From scissors to letter openers to people with foot long knives in holsters at work, etc. It’s hard to see so much of this when I really don’t want to self harm again. Is this normal? Also, I keep picturing blood. I keep trying to push it out of my mind, but it keeps coming back. I don’t know why this is, I keep trying to get rid of the thoughts, but they’re always there. I’m so glad you’re able to go there for treatment, it sounds like an excellent idea. I’m a Christian as well, I find it really settling to know that He is above all things. Please continue to share any updates or progress of your journey! Stay safe and keep strong – you’ve got this!"
175996656,You'd think I'd only drink decaf with the amount of anxiety I have but I just keep on adding fuel to the fire with regular
174397395,"I am doing well but believe I caught a cold!! Oh no!! It is not bad yet. My mother has a cold too. I feel ok and am still leaving. It is rather mild. I am fine otherwise! I am happy and sneezing!! Oh well!! May be, it is hay fever gone awry. I don't feel bad but am sneezing!! Well, I got the flu shot and don't think I have a severe cold yet. I am not worried about it too much."
175996657,That's a beautiful picture! I love it!
175996658,Antipsychotics are a pain and usually cause weight gain. I'm trying to stay weight neutral after gaining a lot of weight on antipsychotics and that is hard enough.
175996659,I talked with my sister about it and she’s okay with me using some of my money to buy an Xbox one. So I’ll be ordering that Friday.
175996660,Cool! I like _NAME_ a lot.
175996661,"Always I smoke during a storm. It's doing that, and most of the time, it's Organic Tobacco. Sometimes it is a un-realized-when-I-do-it habit. It makes me wide awake though. Mom notes it all the time. Pushes me to stop. I try to tell myself that the habit is sort of up in the air if I do it constantly or not. I think they are telling me I do it when I do not. The voices and situation hallucinations. The situation hallucinations are like out of body experiences that I hallucinate entire things said, the environment, etc everything in them. I seriously think it happens. And I have no clue what to do. I hope I don't get sucked into them anymore."
175996662,"I like peanut butter and honey sandwiches too, especially with sliced banana on it"
175996663,"Those are horrible thoughts. Try changing the words to help with affirmations. When I was 12 or 13 there was a nasty piece of s*** in school who every day made fun of all my physical defects. To this day I'm uncomfortable about all those physical flaws. I've realized that if only I had punched that pos in the nose it would have stopped on the spot. I regret never having done that. My parents told me to just ""ignore him"". I looked for him on the internet and I tracked him down to another north suburb. He never got married I'm glad to say. I want him to suffer as much as he possibly can. So whose voice tells you those horrible things? Whoever it is, they deserve a punch in the nose, or worse. Don't actually do it though because you'll get in trouble."
175996664,"Hi _NAME_, My wife was asked by her mother when she was dying to take care of her father. My father in law takes full advantage of this fact by acting helpless. I don't mind taking him to a movie or out to eat. I just don't like spending every minute with him. My wife does not want to leave him for more than a few hours as he is 84 and she worries he might fall ill or something. The two of us going away for a few days is not going to happen. I feel taking care of a parent is the right thing to do. I just never realized how much it would change our lives. My wifes mother was a wonderful kind person while her father is demanding and can be mean. She has no brothers or sisters to help us with him. Its either take him with us or not go. I am trying to work through all this and not let things make my anxiety worse. I am not doing to well at it. I have enough to deal with having cancer and chronic pain. I see by your signature you have problems of your own. I am so sorry Miss _NAME_. You are quite welcom
e for the compliment. Thank you for helping myself and others on the forum. dmo"
175996665,What's the point to that game?
175996666,Hi Yes I think a lot of us experience morning anxiety myself included and I’m not sure of the reason why? _PERSON_
175996667,Crap I need to buy more nicotine gum today and it's on sale ;/
175996668,Thanks I'll check them out!
175996669,"I am back to my apartment from my grandmas, not doing well tonight so I may have to go back."
175996670,"Thanks for sharing, those are so beautiful!"
175996671,I'm going to die soon... don't know when or how but I'm going to die soon.
175996672,"_AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ Thank you guys, I think the lack of sleep was really getting to me, sorry about the bizarre posts I'm not really sure what happened it was very confusing, I was able to sleep straight through the night and feel a lot better and am thinking clearly again. 2nd day back on the seroquel, things are starting to get back to normal. Sleep is so important"
175996673,Sending out my ancestry DNA thing tomorrow to get analyzed Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175996674,"No s#%t! I ""#2"" that motion! I'll see myself out...."
175996675,"I care about my psychologist maybe, im not sure what is caring about myself, i guess i care about my health but dont follow through because the care is not strong enough for actions. I care about not being screwed over, for the sake of it alone, for exemple if somethings should be split equally i would care alot for geting my part, but the part itself usually doesnt matter to me, the fight for my rights matters"
175996676,"We all make mistakes! Give him a heads up that you want you wantedto talk about your marriage. Then keep your ego aside and just let it go....Be honest, accept mistakes, Apologise where needed. In the end, subtly, also let him know what you expect from him in an understanding manner. I think being honest and understanding is the key here. All the best!"
175996677,I never understood the point of that.
175996678,The tricky thing with lyme is that you can get negative test results and still have an infection. You can miss a tick bite and not everyone gets a rash. My area is an epidemic for lyme disease. I'm always in the woods. Before all of this I was healthy mentally and physically. I was very active with my job and hobbies. Then late last summer is when i didn't feel right. The rash lasted about a day. The cough and weakness lasted several weeks. Currently I'm dealing with anxiety and a low mood. I've been really tired the last few days. I should get back to the doctor again and maybe he will check for other things. Maybe it was covid back then. I've heard other local people mention that they thought they might've had it. It just gets frustrating when you don't feel right and they say you're healthy.
175996679,Yay! Let me know if you enjoy it ?
175996680,I make my last payment towards what I owe my college this Friday. Then I'm all set to re-enroll for the 2021 fall semester. Since I'll be finished that frees up $200 a month to save towards getting a new phone. I think I'm getting an iPhone XR 128gb coral color. My current phone is an iPhone 5SE and it's battery is almost dead and I've wanted an upgrade for awhile now. My phone dies within like 20-30 minutes of using it. Sucks. Will be nice to have a brand new phone.
175996681,"I really like my moms friend that has bipolar. She's so nice when she's manic and has a good heart. We talked about suicide and have the same thing. I dealt with psychosis but she's free in her own way. In an honest way that I wish to be around people. Every time we talk, I'm in a bad place and she is too. She can be easily taken advantage of and people have done that. So many people that are good get taken advantage of and hurt."
175996682,Irish breakfast tea
175996683,I feel like I want to stop taking the Latuda and just be on lithium. My doctor mentioned that we might get to that point with the help of the psychiatrist. But I just have it in my head to go off altogether tomorrow. Ugh. Thoughts.
175996684,You sound depressed..
175996685,"Thanks, man! You made my day Based on everything I've read about people's behavior in disaster situations, your suspicions seem dead on balls accurate. I think schizoids would be in their element in a Zombie Apocalypse, in addition to being amused by the fat policians, accountants, spoiled brats, and society matrons (who, having lived soft lives, can't run as fast as the most out-of-breath schizoid smoker) who would be freaking out about acidic zombie drool on their corvettes (""the body (they) wish (they) had""), or about having dropped their hideous _PERSON_ clutch and now the zombies have shat on it, ""Zombies don't know how to live fashionably. They don't deserve nice things!"" . But, what's been on my mind ever since Oblivion created this thread is that the Zombilypse may be closer than we think: Pigs are adaptable animals that can live virtually anywhere. https://animals.mom.me/natural-habitat-pig-1473.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_toilet Woman Eaten by Her Pigs After She Collapses W
hile Feeding Them : https://www.newsweek.com/woman-eaten-her-pigs-after-she-collapses-while-feeding-them-1323721 Cloning Teams Cross Pig And Human DNA : https://rense.com/general4/hupig.htm ‘Partly Alive’: Scientists Revive Cells in Brains From Dead Pigs : https://www.nytimes.com/2019/04/17/science/brain-dead-pigs.html Texas Is Still Losing the War on Feral Hogs : https://www.wideopenspaces.com/texas-losing-war-feral-hogs-2/ It's not much of a stretch to imagine unethical scientist$$$ implanting human-pig fetuses in the wombs of brain-dead indigent women on life support, and allowing some hybrids to be carried to full term. Anyone who has spent time with several animals of any one species cannot help having noticed the wide range of intelligence, personality, and physical talent which animals display. Willfulness, independence, and innate wildness vary too. All it would take would be for one or more exceptional full-term hybrids to escape into the wild. 'And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the 
universe is unfolding as it should.'"
175996686,"Coffee is very difficult to quit cold turkey. It also makes you feel crappy when you quit it outright. In my experience with cutting down on coffee, I have had to do it really, really gradually or else it'll make me feel terrible."
175996687,I bought my nephew these for his birthday
175996688,This is why you taper if you want off the meds....
175996689,My Pdoc is only doing virtual visits. I don't mind them actually because his actual office is like 4 hours away! T is seeing selective people in person. I'm one of them. But that's because I've cancelled on her when I have said I was in contact with someone with Covid or whatever. She knows I am taking it seriously.
175996690,"I'm not interested in general chat about people I'm not involved with, but I will talk about others. That said, my opinion of others is less conversational and more stated. I'll only talk about others behind their back if I'm trying to trash them in some way, but I'll mostly do it in a way that seems supportive."
175996691,At work all day. Have been feeling a bit psychotic. Symptoms popping through. Slowing down my work. Such is life.
175996692,T.I.R.E.D
175996693,"Lately my anxiety has got worse. I tried to go to the store yesterday to get a pick up order with my friend and totally had a melt down. I don’t want to hurt myself or anyone else but I have intrusive thoughts that pass through my head daily. I am currently not on meds, I have been on three other meds and had severe side effects. I am constantly overthinking and wondering if I am going to flip out and do something even though I never have and don’t want to. I have reached out to a friend and asked if I should look into inpatient facilities. I have severe PTSD and not sure how well I would do inpatient. Just confused on what is the best method to follow."
175996694,"Just be careful, if you’re hypomanic you could do something you seriously regret. I know how much you love him."
175996695,"It's taken years, my teens and all of my 20s, but the most helpful thing I've learned to cope with my altered experience is to recognize it when it's happening. It doesn't work always, but my self-awareness is improving through meditation and supportive people around me. That said, this strategy only really allows me to function on a basic level, keeping myself and my environment clean, feeding myself and my animals etc. So my self-esteem and sense of identity is still very wrapped up in what I'm not able to do unfortunately."
175996696,"I hope my RN can find me an IOP that I can attend after work, even if it means moving my work hours around. I'm feeling fragile and like I need more help but I already have two T's, a pdoc, a PCP, an RN, all you guys here on PC, I'm going to try an in real life support group hopefully on Thursday if my anxiety doesn't derail me. I just feel Unwell. Anyone relate? A friend sent me an email about an IOP or IP place, I don't know I haven't looked at it fully. But it's like an hour from me. How the heck she found it is beyond me. She's in Germany! I'm in the USA."
174397443,Thank you for sharing this info. I am trying to get help for my daughter right now and every bit helps right now. I need to find out what she has been already prescribed since she claims they have not been working out for her too well and lately her episodes are so severe that I am afraid she will attempt to take her life again (tried and hospitalized twice already). Take care and thanks again...
175996697,2 boxes Hostess cupcakes and micro USB cords
175996698,That's awesome _AT_MENTION_!
175996699,"Your paranoia is endearing, and you make some good points. But surely you must have some more concrete ideas about who is behind it all. Who are these authority figures? And from what sector of society do they cull the thousands of actors who are now performing in hospitals across the country? And why, being capable of staging such magnificent distractions as global warming and 9-11, would they scale it down to the level of a microscopic villain? Certainly the technology exists to be able to stage a convincing alien invasion. Or have they finally realized that fear and paranoia (the most effective tool) is best dispersed as a slow burn? You must keep in mind that aluminum is reflective, and when fashioned into a hat, creates a plethora of multi-angled surfaces which renders its wearer vulnerable to a multitude of distortions, much like an ideological house of mirrors. Hone your dissent. Simplify, and you will know your enemy: middle aged millionaires with shiny white foreheads and palms as smooth a
nd cottony as an acne-scarred hand model."
175996700,"Hi I’m a 21 year old and I suffer from severe anxiety. I’ve been on Lexapro since October but Ive gained like 200 pounds during this pandemic and I’m really worried about it. I have been tested for diabetes and thyroid and everything and all of it came back normal. I’m not the program type person (Weight Watchers, apps etc) because of my ADHD so I don’t know what I can do to lose weight"
175996701,"I need a shower. Have to wait until Thursday. I'm totally out of condition from all these lockdowns and being confined to my bed. I have to start taking little walks in the halls. I can't really sleep because the lower my head goes the more I start coughing again. My new roommates are insane. They keep cranking up the heat. If they love heat so much they should double up their blankets. It's rare that a room is cool here. One of my roommates keeps milling around, waiting for a chance to put the heat back full blast. High heat gives me nausea. I want roommates who like it cooler at night. It's bad enough to be hot during the day, much less at night with the door closed."
175996702,"""Empathy, affection, and sociability enhancement - Phenibut has been reported to produce prosocial and mild entactogenic effects which, although much weaker than that of traditional entactogens such as MDMA, are prominent and well-defined even at common doses."""
175996703,Morning. I'm up early. Couldn't sleep.
175996704,I appreciate it I really do. I think I just won’t buy alcohol for a while. My mom is concerned about me. Doctor is concerned. I should learn to pace myself but I just need a break I think.
175996705,"Took my meds last night, had some coffee this morning, slept really well last night after a tiring and long day."
175996706,I'm starting to get worried... I have patches of dry skin on my arms and sometimes legs. Certain parts of my arm itches a lot. Like near my elbow or on my upper arm. I looked it up and it said it could be diabetes as one of the issues it said. I'm really worried. Idk if I have psoriasis or if this is a diabetic condition. I'm really worried because I'm overweight as it is. I've been prediabetic before at a much lower weight. Ugh. At 180. Now I'm 210.
175996707,Good luck DT! Sorry I said relationships are annoying. But they are! In a good way tho! And sorry I said I don't like painting. But I wouldn't mind being a painter if I was also a philosopher! Then I could think while I paint.. It seems like the type of thing in a movie... Painter.. influencer of minds.. As I look up to you for you are an INTJ or something. No one should judge someone based on their job. I don't. Although I don't judge in general.. I just judge people that judge too much...
175996708,Sitting outside in the sun drinking coffee
175996709,"I feel much better after watching some Pokemon, put me in a good mood"
175996710,"This is exactly how I've been feeling since I been in recovery. It pains me. It's weird because I feel emotion in general, but I feel absolutely no emotion to hobbies anymore. I'm just numb to doing things. I'm sorry bb. What do u think it is?"
175996711,_PERSON_ and _PERSON_ (_PERSON_)
175996712,"Going to try drawing a cat from this tutorial How To Draw A Cat Head, Draw A Realistic Cat, Step by Step, Drawing Guide, by finalprodigy | dragoart.com"
175996713,Hope he'll be okay _PERSON_
175996714,"So proud of ya mate. Proactive, positive mate. Keep strong. HT"
175996715,I'm excited it's _PERSON_ Wednesday too!
175996716,For me it was the need to talk to someone with no predisposition. I finally sought help when I realized how the traumas in my life have affected me long-term. It was the willingness to finally rely on someone else to help me where my family and friends could not. I keep going back because at this point because the healing process for deep rooted traumas take such a long time to heal.
175996717,I have had little thing or experiences happen to my lately thought i am seemingly stable. for instance-seeing little bugs crawling around where i barely see them. and what looks like silver glitter falling from the sky. anyone else have this stuff happen even when not very unwell? a couple weeks ago i was convinced when they did ECT a couple years ago that they placed something in my brain so they can control my emotions....my pdoc and psyd told me it was paranoia.
175996718,"I agree that doing things that makes us truly happy is very important. It’s one thing doing things that we need to do and it’s another thing doing things that give us some sort of fulfillment. Yoga and painting give me happiness more than I thought they would. The key is to be consistent in doing them. But consistency is easy when they’re the things that we really enjoy. Another thing that brings happiness is sorting out the people we want in our life. No matter how hard we try to make ourselves happy if people around us keep dragging us down our efforts (big chance here, though not 100%) will go to waste. Filter out this world. We’re not going to get better if we keep reading political news for example. There are people who are capable and willing to make a change in this world, not saying we can’t one day, but during recovery our focus should be how to get better. If we want to create a better world start with making the bed every single day ??"
175996719,Have you tried cbt therapy?
175996720,"To do some real damage, it pretty much has to be intentional at some point. How much people are aware of it though, is hard to tell. I don't believe there is justification at any rate, so the answer is moot. It's useless to see the dancing bear, unless there is a reason to, so bypassing it is energy efficient. More like the fool type. https://labyrinthos.co/blogs/tarot-card ... d-meanings Or the joker type these days, which is trendy. Or in some other terminology, the bard. Usually the bard has minor magic powers, but not like the magician who is dedicated and less hands on. Can be when the time is right. When they are false, or don't deliver their promises, it can become a superstition. Its the whole idea of masks, oftentimes they are different, but not always. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_LGhj958Bw Masks can be ugly as well, and mask something different. One such that people believe these days is competition, but that competition has ""rules"" hidden underneath. The mask the joker takes off 
in that scene is that competitive mask. The one that may of may not hide rules. I don't believe they are contradictions. The only contradiction is if they actually mean something or not, or if they have the power of a magician, instead merely the appearance of an illusionist. They look the same from the outside. People do need rules in order to have a society, but some cheat, in both ways. Its not the mask that is the problem, its the people behind. It used to be called, a dead faith. I think so. That is pretty much what I was saying. Let's say ""b"" is the real person underneath the mask. Then you can choose to interact with that person or the mask, but the person is taboo. So you are in a double bind. Whatever you do, you will be screwed. Its an unfortunate side effect. I suppose you can see it as something underneath the mask, but then you have to ask yourself if you don't expect people to simply interact with a mask and not the person, therefore creating the problem I just mentioned. In other words, socia
lizing is a contract, so buyers beware, but it is known, or should be known. Its only fairly recently that this new idea came to the for and the new mask. I talked about humanism, but the first ones justified themselves by idealizing a social contract. They did this to replace religion which was the contract. So it was a new contract based on individualism instead of transcendent ideals, but the individual is also an ideal. As humanism ""perfects"" itself, the mask changed, and the idea of a contract simply became a new taboo. So it is now a new superstition, and a false mask. Whether that mask is competitive or socializing, it is still a fraud. It didn't start as a fraud, but became one eventually, just like religion became a fraud eventually. So the world is ripe to emancipate themselves of those ideas, there is no choice that are winning choices. They are part of human nature, just like modesty, or everything. Evolution has a broad back, and does not mean much. What is meaningful is how people deal with re
ality. Religion is accepting it, and superstition is making it up. Irreligion is denying it. If the goal is true, then those tools are good, but if it is false, then they will cause problem. But yes, acting as a group is always stronger than just as an individual, so it was essential to evolution, same as language which was designed to coordinate behavior. Same difference as knowing and understanding, signifiant and signifier. The seal gets love. The amount of serotonine is linked to social status. In one way because primates can sniff it somehow, and know social status. In the other way, having a lower status affects the level as well, so it is a circular thing, which reinforce itself. If you go up, you go up, until the pressure is too much, while if you go down, people will keep you down at all cost, unless you can pull a Count of _NAME_ plan. One way to keep people down is of course the double bind. Tell them it is their duty to not be where they are, and stop them from doing it, though morals and stuff. T
here is nothing like the fresh air. Spiritual sloth. When the monks talked about ""work"", they mostly meant work for a divine good, usually caring, or charity, which was the ultimate work. And caring is ultimately what makes life worth living, and that is work in its purest sense. You simply let people learn from their mistakes and leave them be? You can enjoy the show as well. I knew a guy that refused to talk about difficult subjects in public, but could quite shatter about superficial things, which is probably what wisdom might look like in that regard. Or just look confused, that can work. The thing to realize is that it is unlikely you will get anything from someone that wants to disagree with you. If they realize you are right, they will either be resentful or will accuse you of causing their own problems. Or they will try to destroy you because you force them to think outside their prejudice, which goes against their culture, most probably. So it is a loosing proposition. Its like having pride in loos
ing. It does not make too much sense. There is a reason trust or belief, or faith, is considered a grace. You need to come across something trustworthy, but also have to be open to it if it happens, and this is something that needs to be cultivated and be discerning about. Mistrust is the reasonable thing to do, there is no reason to believe anything, but all people do anyway in the end. There is just no reason to live without it. Although, if you trust in things that can disappear, change or die, it can cause trouble and grief, which is why it was always discouraged. Those things are only cared about indirectly, insofar as they all partake in something that can be trusted. I guess, and moral relativists in general, of which those people are an example, or at least it is their mask, the reality is that they do probes and investigations, and judge based on their own morals, which are not kosher. People that care about the environment and don't like farms and farm animals, or generally people. It comes from the 
theories about reptilian brain, not any different than demons, and ID, and so on. Except they are cold blooded and can be calculating. Basically the Hollywood psychopath. Animals have human rights these days, they are just as human as primates, if not more. What I meant is that the in politics, there are humans. When an animal of the forest engage in the political sphere, they are engaging as humans, that is the contract in a republic based on humanism. And they can do this because they have the right to do so. Those rights are protected, but all animals have those same rights. That's how modern states operate since the 19th century, or most of them adopted that approach. Rights are individual, and not something that binds the individual, only the State. That is in opposition to feudalism, which gives privileges to certain groups or people, along with their allegiance and duties. So guilds, or aristocrats, or religious groups for example, are given privileges, which is their social role, which they can invoke 
to make the ruler do something, or that can be invoked to make them do something as well. Now, just because the society and the State are based on humanism, does not mean people in it have emancipated themselves. Some, many, still cling to feudal thinking, so they act in a delusion, as if there was still a king, but at the same time afraid of possible kings, or as if there was still religion while being afraid that there might be one. So they ask for privileges from people or institutions that don't exist anymore, so they are regressive. They need to emancipate themselves, and learn to be individuals, just like others did. They are too afraid to go forward, so they go backward, since some others actually do see the need to go forward and finish off humanism. Like I said above, there is not too many choices at this point. They are ideals, which work for a time, until things get corrupted by greed mostly. Its like a dog chasing its tail. One fix the other that was there to fix another, and a new one will fix th
e latter one, until you reach the maximum potential, and then it crumbles to a lower form of wealth, and you start over again. They are more than that, they are what binds people together. Without it, there is no society, just anarchy. Like I said, it is not something that can be evaded, unless someone is able to hide from everything and everybody, which as far as I know, never happens, if possible. But its an ideal as well, the ideal of the polar bear. yes, because part of humanism is actually that it gives the right to free speech. But feudal people cannot abide to this, so they push all the more for censure, just for the humanist cause. Its perfect love. There are made up caves in the snow. Stone caves are optional, not much better than snow caves. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwZH_aT0FGI Its how people learn in all ages. Part of nature. What I meant is that it takes efforts to learn something new, whether it is totally new or was abandoned. If it is one off, it will be done on foot. If it is a new habi
t, it will get faster and repaired. Not by others directly, but if something is used, it gets repaired or constructed. Maybe we are talking about different things. The analogy was simply a brain analogy. There are single neurons that can make a link, in which case, information is slow. Or there can be plenty, which makes an information highway. One way to go faster is to filter out bridges that are not needed, which is when polar bears use them. https://psycheducation.org/depression-i ... -reversed/ It usually doesn't for diseases and such, but things like acute stress or depression, I believe it can. Stress is the cause of both, which is why they come together. You can do that, but it is not the basis of it. The real reason you live is because you are. So caring about being is the first step, and the basic faith. Improving conditions of life are not a permanent thing, and it is chasing chimeras more often than not. Wealth is somewhat of an illusion, even if we all want it to differing degree, the only questi
on is how much is enough, and that, is the how, which is more important than the why. The first rule of morality is to seek the good and avoid the bad. I suppose it is what he meant. Being alive and being moral are the same thing. Not being moral mean you die. But yes, one way is to avoid the bad, like penguins. Right, and hoping for things that do not exist in reality is rarely a good path, whether it is something that was lost, or a longing for something that never was. Best to focus on the present reality, or what is highly probable and sure. That is what grieving is supposed to do, refocus on the present and what you have, if done properly. _PERSON_ has to be based on a true hope. I would focus on the how, more than the why. Practical wisdom is morality, and what makes you live. Speculative wisdom is useless in itself. You could know everything, and still live a useless life with no hope. Of course, that can be a goal in itself, in which case, the searching is the life, and that can be. A lot later. In th
e West, both came together after the Crusades, so they discovered Aristotle and alchemy, and both were entertwined for some reason. Himself, he was a philosopher, and would have considered alchemy as an art, not philosophy. Just like living is an art, it is practical wisdom, while the philosopher deals with words and causes instead. Arts use philosophy as guidance and intuition, but that is about it. So Aristotle was in 300 BC, alchemy in the 12th century AD, a bit earlier in the Muslim world. So I guess, you will be a spider. You know, they aren't bothered by flies, they seek them, they love flies. I believe they tend to go too far, at least the modern interpretations. Most of it comes from Aristotle and/or scholasticism, but they don't make the same mistakes of trying to put form and matter together. Lots of it comes from pseudo-Dionysus I believe, so it is poetry, not science or philosophy. -- Tue Feb 04, 2020 12:00 pm -- Sure, it is a custom, which may or may not apply to your reality, but it is important 
to know and understand nevertheless, especially if you want to improve on it."
175996721,I hope the vet will say that _NAME_ will be okay
175996722,"I'm just way too relaxed, lethargic, fatigued, tired, sleepy, unmotivated, sedated to do anything. I took an extra Vyvanse. It barely did anything. I literally can't fight this. It's way too hard. I've never felt this useless before. I don't even want to do anything. There was a time that I was going to the gym and feeling motivated and doing so many things. Now I feel dead."
175996723,I won't go into my (birth)''family'' ... very cruel. I agree that self compassion is key.
175996724,"Prescribing antidepressants for anxiety is common practice. If you have been on an SSRI in the past, you have already been on an A/D. An SNRI is just in a different family of antidepressants. I think you can trust your doctor in that he/she feels based on your history, and current needs, that this is the best med to try at this time. Again...best wishes on making your decision. S.C."
175996725,A pepsi ...
175996726,Christmas isn’t going to be the same here without you bb you bring everyone so much joy here every day. Take care of yourself and be safe
175996727,Hahaha yes
175996728,_PERSON_ - The World Around You
175996729,_PERSON_ I told him to download duo but he doesn't even know how to. He doesn't know how to use the app store!!!
175996730,"Yes I agree. I don't really go out that much. If I do, it's something I plan in advance. I don't just willy nilly go out somewhere. I own my home too. It's a small home-about 1200 Sq ft- but I feel like it has taken a lot of my money to maintain. Roof leak. Hot water heater. New faucets. My home is better off. I am considering selling it after I put a new roof on and renting a houses instead buying another one. I regret buying to begin with. I would have been better off renting. Even though rent is somewhat higher, I could have spared myself the headaches. I don't know If I will ever go back to buying another house. I like my home but I constantly worry about things breaking."
175996731,"I don't fear getting into a car accident when I'm driving, or at any other time. Instead, I sometimes worry that my car will break down."
175996732,"It's probably a problem of how the question is posed. You usually tell the truth to your friends, and lie to your enemies. So if you lie to someone, then you are taking sides. In business settings, usually people are against everybody else, because it is competitive, and it is also internally competitive, so lying becomes a matter of course and is socially accepted and required for the job. Of course it has to be between certain bounds, which are arbitrary, but the lie has to be believable, and not overly hurt people, generally speaking. So I would say it is a spectrum, not a black and white thing. It depends on the context and the intention, as well as the possible results, but more importantly probably has to do with friendship. Its what it affects the most. Its quite rare that lying in itself is the only thing into consideration, but if it is, then it is better to tell the truth, but usually there are more important considerations, so it becomes a means to an end."
175996733,"Why not set small increments of time, and work your way to longer streaks/days in a row? Like 5 days. Then 10. Then 15... 20 etc. (Just made those numbers up randomly. Could be 5... 5 ... 5. Could be anything you want)."
175996734,"No I can’t cuz I have disability. Those two conflict. Disability is “I’m unable to work” money. Unemployment is “I am able and willing to work, but cannot at the MOMENT”. At least that’s how it was explained on a disability lawyer website."
175996735,"I pray that God will guide your daughter and the family to find the trigger points which may bring on bouts of negative thoughts like this. The medication may not be working, period. My own personal experience...it took time with the medicines...then begin to peel back the layers, like an onion, a bit at a time. I had so many memories and thoughts which were all tangled up in a mess...I had suppressed them, until I didn't know what i was doing. Main point: with proper resources, if available, will help everyone. Your daughter needs to know there is a safe place to go, when this starts. Yes, it is hard especially when you the parents are lost, also. Art Therapy was the best for me. Others used physical activities to help or reading, writing, or use this inspire.com website for more understanding and peace of mind. I do pray this helps."
174397504,"I am currently on an antipsychotic, a SSRI, anxiety medicine, adhd medicine. I am so sleepy from my antipsychotic. I suffer from schizoaffective disorder. Have any of you been prescribed anything to help with fatigue/sleepiness or been prescribed anything for memory problems associated with ptsd?"
175996736,All my tools are now upgraded to bronze
175996737,I got away with not reporting mine for 3 years Dont recommend that tho cause now they want $3500 in overpayment But the good thing is I could set up my own payment plan with the SSA. So I'm paying $25 a month on it lol I had to not report it in order to keep my head above water financially
175996738,Recording part of my poetry cd I will put on Spotify and Apple Music and other places.
175996739,"It’s more like a constant diet than not eating at all, but obvi metformin is easier."
175996740,"_NAME_, I really hope you are doing ok... come and check out this forum again. I just joined and reading a lot.... there is help for depression. It is something that can be taken cARE OF. don't think its just you.... many people go thru this and we all need that support, and it can happen any time in your life. I am a mom of two teenage daughters..going thru relationship difficulties... and going thru depression and anxietey... on days I don't function but feel like i am getting better thanks to my zoloft and therapy.. talk to us please xo"
175996741,"Was going to do an online meetup today, but I did not end up doing it. I was a little anxious today. Not bad, but a little bit."
175996742,"I'm feeling a whirlpool of symptoms right now. Sleepless night, nausuea, anxiety. Jesus christ, how much can a person suffer for so long? Man we were dealt a **** hand. I wouldn'tt wish insomnia on anyone, even the satan."
175996743,"Hey everyone. I got back into graduate school. They said this is the last time they'll readmit me, so I have to stick to it now. I really, really need to stick to it. I feel like I can now since the meds are right and I'm seeing a good therapist. I need to find my way through it. I only have two classes left then I will write my thesis. I am extremely glad I have been given this opportunity to continue. I was basically feeling ridiculously anxious and stressed without school the past week when they were deciding. I never want to subject myself to that anxiety again. I don't deserve that kind of anxiety and feeling bad about myself."
175996744,I’m sorry about your cat I hope she gets better
175996745,That sounds terrible.
175996746,"I keep wanting to go back to hospital, im not sure why"
175996747,Idk where you are but here for unemployment you only get like half salary and it’s only for six months it totally wouldn’t be worth it for you......
175996748,Angina?.....
175996749,Took my meds and had a decent breakfast. Fruit loops and healthy sausage links. It was good. A combo of sweet and salty for breakfast. Playing animal crossing now.
175996750,_PERSON_ I think you accidentally posted something meant for this thread in the videogame thread
175996751,Yogurt with honey....
175996752,"It's probably the most accurate way of describing many mental health issues. Most of them only exist because the ""norm"" is so narrow these days that any variation from what's expected is seen as having some psychological basis. A few weeks ago I was watching this guy walk past the pub, wearing odd-looking clothes. Someone standing there said, ""What a weirdo,"" and it struck me that not so many years ago he'd have been the norm and anyone dressed like the other guy would have been the weirdo, with his trouser legs half way up his calves. If something as small as fashion can make people see you as an psychological outsider, good luck thinking differently."
175996753,"Let me say that after she passed,I missed all the good things she’s done to me.I have a lot of guilty feelings.Like I didn’t sayI love you, thank you,when she was alive.I suffered for a long time.I attended support group,therapy,psychiatry,medicines.Now I’m feeling better support group helps me,and meeting new people with the same illness.I meditate and pray everyday and God bless me everyday."
175996754,Turkey sandwich and water
175996755,My Dad called and the vet is having _NAME_ stay overnight. We have to take them some insulin though because they don't have any (?????). So when I get off of work in a few minutes my Dad and I are going back to the vet hospital to give them the insulin. I hope they let me see _NAME_.
175996756,"I’m afraid of getting a surgery. They put you on anesthesia, and I have horrible experiences with APs that force you to sleep immediately."
175996757,"Broke things off with my partner last week. She called yesterday and laid into me pretty good. I don’t know why I answered the phone. Was some of it deserved? Maybe. My friend took 3-4 hours of his time to talk with me about it. I hope I’m not leaning on him too much. I’ve again concluded that I really don’t like myself. I can’t seem to make major decisions without talking to someone or getting many different opinions. I need constant attention and validation. I don’t want to be alone with my thoughts. There always has to be noise, but I hate noise at the same time. I made a therapy appointment for Thursday, but it had to be moved to next Monday. I’m impressed with this practice so far. I’m a first timer, but they have chat support and other perks. I’m paying $39.99/mo. for these extras, but if they can help, it pays for itself. They have therapists and psychiatrists under the same roof so everyone will be on the same page. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxie
ty 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
174397523,"Hello, as person who suffers from psychosis half of life I do understand many things about this horrible illness. What I notices, and I believe is common to many mental disorders, is triggers that push me to psychosis. So some obvious are: arguing, yelling, threatening etc. But I also found out that cold, silent and not too bright surrounding calms me down and basically eliminates my psychosis. Also, places with fewer people and ideally without any are also very therapeutic. Visit to any bigger city 200.000+ citizens disturbs me very much and I often end up feeling very bad and my pulse goes well over 100, not to mention sweating and these noises in head get worse. All those people murmuring, traffic noise and stuff makes my head totally messed up. Luckily I do not live exactly in city, but on far outskirts. Sadly, half of my family (but hopefully not father) have this huge urge to move in to city. Bare thought of that drives me to very aggressive state. I start yelling and feel really threatened. 
When I absolutely need to go to city (for medical reasons) I do it and go straight back home, usually with very brisk walk or even running. There is nothing in any city for me. I was in Munich once and I'd never go anymore. Other half of my family really enjoys travelling, but when they speak about some cities where they've been in superlatives I just feel huge anxiety and can't understand what is so great about these cities. Just one huge basket of bazzilion people. And people generally upset me. I have only basic contacts in my phone, 5 or 6. I freak out on thought of adding anyone else to this list. I also get really triggered by liberal dressing style and their behaviour. It seriously upsets me to see women in swimming suits, let alone topless. It's not because I get erection or some excitement. It genuinely disgusts me and makes me feel sad and frustrated. Not because I desire them, as I am happy with my lovely girl, wife. I'm upset because I think it's really not something to show in public. I can even 
see people (men and women) wearing really really short shorts. It always goes above their knees, and quite often it resembles something similar to ""slip underwear"" I wear. Not to mention totally unnecessary revealing of their top part where it's often to distinguish their breasts and nipples. And it really seriously upsets me and makes me hostile. If such people would approach me I would be extremely hostile. Same thing applies in media (from video games, pictures, art and movies, as well as books) I also converted to God and faith from atheism which consumed me. Although issues I mentioned above existed when I wasn't believer as well. What also saddens me that I feel my family feels more shame for me declaring my faith in God than if I came out as homosexual. Although my family doesn't support neither religion nor lgbt stuff. But I see how it distanced me from my family. The benefits which God and faith gave me are beyond description. Sadly, atheists and others would just nail it to me being ""loonie"". Th
is one day when I was in this religious gathering helped me more than any medication or therapy I ever tried. So I wonder if any of you have or have had similar experiences? I usually avoid asking anything online and participating in community, as I have really really uncomfortable experiences from people on internet (reddit, various forums, helplines - paid and free, etc.). Most can't hold an argument. For example, on my question: Why are video games promoting more and more liberal propaganda? They answer with very rude and hurtful words. Instead of constructively and reasonably answering the question, they'd just down vote my question and say things like: You are stupid moron, or any similar hurtful words that do not answer legit and fair question. So my hope is that here I can get constructive, unbiased and reasonable answers. And questions are: 1. How to avoid such triggers? (noise, people, heat and especially rapidly raising hyper sexualization of world and media) 2. Have you experienced similar or same 
issues when having psychosis (schizophrenia) and if yes, how did you deal with it? Kind regards, soulite."
175996758,I showered today!
175996759,"Hi! My name is _NAME_ and I am divorced and have struggled with my depression and anxiety. I was mentally checked out two years ago due to him never being around, verbal, mental, and emotional abuse. Now that I have conquered that, I entered a relationship and it lasted for six months. He cheated on me the entire time unfortunately. I went through an all time low, and quite frankly, I'm looking for help. I've always struggled with depression and anxiety and I feel nauseous all the time. I've lost a significant amount of weight due to this and I feel unhealthy. I am currently on depression and anxiety medicine. I was wondering if anyone felt the same?"
175996760,I’m so sorry
175996761,"24 pk Ensure vanilla nutrition shakes 16pk protein bars 12 pk 3oz tuna salad packs Orgain Organic Green superfoods powder, berry flavorored 6pk canisters Carnation instant dry milk powder"
175996762,"This morning, before I left for work I thought I saw _PERSON_ sitting on her usual chair, and I did a double take and realized she was there. Then I went outsie to where I buried her, it has a flower growing there, and stood there for a few minutes. It's just not the same here without her. My roommate has her dog and I had my cat. I'll get another cat when _PERSON_ ready though. The first half of my day all I coul think about was her."
175996763,I usually put in one earbud and hook the other one to my necklace so I can still hear what's going on around me. Regarding errands I tend to go out later in the day. I've always been a night owl and there's less people out then.
174397555,I took a big step yesterday and sent an email to my coworker that is above me in the hierarchy. She and I get along well though. I told her that my depression isn't just depression it's Schizoaffective and how that dx got changed after I was hospitalized. I told her probably too much stuff but it was like I was happy yesterday. Yesterday was two months since I got out of the hospital!
175996764,This wouldn't happen in Canada =/ I hope you'll be ok. What meds can't you take anymore? Zoloft.. Vraylar?
175996765,Having a bad weekend. Blood draw tomorrow
174397554,"the clozapine does help some, so maybe im better by a little, im just tired"
175996766,Decent day. Just waiting to hear from job prospects. And now I think it'll likely be next week that I hear from them. Oh well.
175996767,Today went by fast. I got a couple of things to do tomorrow but tomorrow is definitely a rest day for me. I've had a very very busy week. And it continues Thursday.
175996768,Maybe you still do need the antipsychotic??
175996769,"I guess I'm going to stay up all night and day. Maybe I'll nap I don't know. I should call my mom too. I have to reset my sleep schedule. Maybe I'll order pizza and Coke today. I'm dying for some Coke. The recurring dreams I have are all slices of the whole. In the dream, I go to my workplace and start working with a variable amount of anxiety because for some reason I haven't been there in 20 years. Before that segment, I dream that I go to the cafeteria and it's loaded with delicious foods I don't have to pay for. Often I wake up before I actually eat anything. In another segment I'm in a small deli that I apparently live in. The shelves are stocked with all kinds of stuff I love. Usually I never get to eat anything. In another segment I'm opening a hatch to a huge closet and climbing up to a large space which has all kinds of weird stuff, like acoustic foam, and up there I get to the street outdoor and it's NYC with fast food, and all kinds of food etc, but I don't really get to eat it. Usually 
the dream segment ends along a street, or sometimes I walk west to maybe 8th avenue and that turns into a different dream. There are more segments I can't quite follow right now. Oh, there's a different place after I climb up the hatch, I end up in a park and some other details I can't remember. Everytime I remember my dreams it's one of those segments. It's too bad really. There are more segments and segues within the structure of the dream. I can't remember any other dreams but these."
175996770,especially if you live in Flint Michigan
175996771,"Maybe I should explain because I did so badly. If an item was on my dinner tray, it didn't count. So I ate desserts without really estimating the calories. So I could eat two large cookies in a day and I wouldn't count them. Same with ice cream, sherbet, etc. The only foods I counted were some of the candy and snacks after dinner. It gives me a rough idea of how I'm doing but I should examine everything, especially desserts. I get really hungry at night though."
175996772,"I had to stop escitalopram because it prolonged the QT interval of my heart too much. Also it gave me psychedelic flashback panic attacks. Seroquel and Invega prolong my QT interval but not by much. Antipsychotics prolong it very little as opposed to SSRI's. I did a lot of things today. Woke up at 9am before the Vyvanse kicked in, went to coffee connections, talked with my community outreach worker about getting a part time job so I filled out the application and have an appointment at 9am to to fill out my resume, went to the pharmacy and picked up my Seroquel, went to my moms work and told her things, cleaned the kitchen. The coffee + Vyvanse has given my hypomanic energy but I still feel kinda depressed and not social and feel anhedonic. I phoned my therapist and left her a voice message while passing around in the house about getting cognitive rehabilitation for the catatonia and cognitive behavioural therapy for my rare panic attacks (Psychedelic flashbacks). Basically I have to talk about eve
rything on my mind about my past, present and future so she can get a proper understanding. I plan to make another appointment with my addictions counselor too. Right now I'm not having a panic attack and feel great because of that. I feel free and feel like doing things to better my life but a panic attack could happen and completely disable me. I think the 2.5mg THC and vaping CBD did something positive to me because when I was going to sleep, I was still thinking but I was unconscious and then I would be conscious again and that felt the same. I woke up a few times last night when usually I sleep through the whole night (Being a deep sleeper). Weed suppresses REM sleep like alcohol so maybe that's why. I need to make an appointment with my psychiatrist because I haven't seen her in almost 6 months. I'm just doing well right now because I'm not having a panic attack. I'm crazy and unworthy of love. (_PERSON_ but kinda not in a way - I need to get my **** together and today has been a productive day. I just 
need to DO THINGS like watch netflix or something and listen to podcasts again). I hope everyone is doing well. Sorry for the long post.. I just have a lot on my mind today. Could be because of the THC gummy (It's considered as microdosing like people do with psychedelics and I'm very excited about my life. I told my moms friend that I'm asexual because she's like ""You look hot"" then she said ""Yeah I want to be alone, I'm with you on that one"". I want to be alone. My mind can't be shared with one person it needs to be shared with many people because of self confidence where many people don't matter what they think of me cuz it's spread out. I am public writer. I panic when I speak in public tho. Mostly the reason I can type for many people to see is because I know some people won't even read this whole thing and don't care enough so it's like ""No one cares"" in a good way instead of ""No one cares about me"" in a depressing way which I never usually get like. =]"
174397553,"So I phoned the pharmacy to ask if I could have my injection today because it has been 3 weeks but I have to wait 4 weeks which is why I was given olanzepine. So I took 5mg olanzepine and googled ""Schizophrenia sucks"" cuz my ****ing negative symptoms suck and maybe weed made everything slightly worse but it's mostly cuz it's the end of the injection. This all started yesterday when I started feeling intense dysphoria."
175996773,"Hi friends, hope everyone is doing good. I had a rough week last week, lots of SH. So far this week is going a little better in that regard. Lots of unknowns with work--maybe we are going to be bought out, maybe we aren't, IDK. Not sure what is going to happen to my health insurance if they don't offer it right away. I'll probably have to go off my meds and I think that will be a disaster. But no one really knows yet so maybe it is not so good to worry about something that *might* happen. Still, it is hard not to worry. Finances suck right now. So I doubt I could afford COBRA insurance. IDK, IDK, Lots of stress on my end. HUGS all, _PERSON_"
175996774,"Sounds good, I've been thinking about cinnamon rolls today for some reason lol"
175996775,An apple
175996776,Today is also a palindrome. 1.21.21
175996777,"True yes that’s what I meant. Physically, it’s a depressant. But in some people I’m assuming can make u sad too literally due to the effects of the CNS."
175996778,Shopaholic Takes Manhattan by _NAME_
175996779,What are volunteering to do?
175996780,"I have chronic fatigue syndrome, dissociation, PTSD, and other issues. I can sometimes go days or weeks without showering or even brushing my teeth or hair. I smoke cigs and go outside to smoke, since I do not want my apartment to smell, and I rarely go out anywhere (almost always order in), so I feel no need to exert what little energy I have on grooming or showering, though I know I should. I am not diagnosed anymore with depression, but maybe I have a weird covert form of it. I do have chronic fatigue syndrome that has been diagnosed. I am too tired after a shower or any bit of exertion."
175996781,Cog! _PERSON_! I'm deeply tired as hell. I had sooo many dreams last night because I'm withdrawing from dream dullers. I need Vyvanse to kick in.. And coffee.. I didn't want to get out of bed.. My muscles are weak.
175996782,"I do this. And really castigate myself about mistakes. Then worry about consequences. It very destructive. Severely impacts my quality of life. In my case, OCD related."
175996783,Showered and shaved
175996784,9 ??????? 2020 ?. - YouTube
175996785,I have to stop drinking. I really do. I feel guilt drinking in secret. I can’t help myself I feel impulsive. I had impulsive thoughts about cutting off all my hair earlier. I eat and then I feel guilty. I do anything and I feel guilty.
175996786,Tuna salad sandwich
175996787,Sorry bluebird.....
175996788,I don't know what's been up with me lately I'm acting weird. I have to wake up in 6 hours to go to work..
174397571,Anyone have a good meatball recipe?
175996789,"I'm so sorry, _PERSON_, even your stepmom! I'll be crossing my fingers for you, & visualizing help coming your way."
175996790,"It’s very interesting that u say this. It was hard. A very hard decision. In a way, yes it was traumatic."
175996791,"Well for example, I am stressed but not necessarily depressed but im having hallucinations. my psyd is worried about me. if I had bp w/psychotic features I would be in a mood episode too. its the defining difference from my understanding. sza is having this type of symptoms but not always having them in a mood episode. a true episode not just 1 or 2 days of feeling up or down."
175996792,Hi Thanks for the input I have been prescribed 3mg to start with to see if it helps it should be ready to pick up in a couple of days so fingers crossed it helps as i'm at my wits end with not getting any sleep i'm so tired all the time. _PERSON_
175996793,"Went to bed at ~2am last night, took Vyvanse at 10am and woke up at ~2pm. Gonna take a walk around the block then sleep at ~1:30am then take Vyvanse at 10am and get out of bed at ~11am no matter what. I'll try and have coffee at around ~11am. I want to be out of bed before noon."
175996794,"I really wasn’t able to. I pushed myself to do it cuz it needed to get done. I’m still tired. If I could’ve I’d done a lot more, but alas..."
175996795,"Years ago, I was seeing a psychiatrist who made me feel nervous when I'd see him, as he wasn't the warmest guy in the world. And I was generally a more nervous person back then anyway. Since then, I've been working with psychiatrists and psychiatric nurse practioners who are warmer. And I'm calmer nowadays in general anyway. Hence, I feel very little anxiety when I pay a visit to the doctor's office. Also, I've been doing well emotionally for years. So when I see my psychiatrist (once every two months), I have no reason to be nervous because it's not like he's going to put me in the mental hospital."
175996796,Not doing well
175996797,"Went to the community brunch then the free clothing room and got a few things. Woke up with a massive headache, took something for it. It's lingering a bit still but it's better than it was earlier"
175996798,Same I need an friend
175996799,Pizza tonight. We got a free pizza from ordering previously other pizzas.
175996800,"Just wondering if other people are feeling tired easy. Maybe it’s just because I’m older, or depressed. This whole pandemic thing is just another thing bringing me down. I’m having to rest after everything I do. Trying to use coping skills to distract me because I feel like there is not much to look forward to."
175996801,My advice is to research if you have complex PTSD or BPD. There are many influences from your life experience that caused you to have symptoms. Have you worked on those in any way?
175996802,I felt that way at my last work....it’s almost like I can overhear them but I don’t think they actually are....
175996803,"I agree with travelinglady, genetic tests should not be relied on as a sole diagnostic tool. Many people have to try different medications before they find one that works for them. And sometimes it can be a combination of meds. splitimage"
175996804,Heading to my dentist appointment now
175996805,Just took some Xanax. Not sure if it is what I needed but I don't feel so shaky inside. Feel more numbed out. Numb is good at this point.
175996806,"Cashless, I hope you can get past the fact that your new psychiatrist looks so young. I'm glad you like her, though. And I'm glad she seems fairly easy to talk to."
175996807,Thank you!
175996808,"A begger asked me for cash on the way into a store. I declined politely and wished her a nice day. She was cordial. I walked out with my purchase (I needed a new pair of shoes) and somebody else who was a bystander attempted to berate me for not giving the woman change when I came out with ""£800 shoes."" ""How do you justify that to yourself? What makes you so much better than everybody else?"" I answered candidly and explained that it's an expense of having a role where I need to look the part and that these will save me money in the long run over buying less expensive pairs. I was told to ###$ off and the lady whom I'd declined earlier stepped in and told him it's none of his business and that I've made the right choices to be able to decide where my money goes and that he should get off his horse because he didn't give her any money either. It was an interesting interaction and after it I nearly felt compelled to give the lady some money for talking sense. She thanked me for not talking down t
o her and walked back towards the wall she was slumped against. I wonder what happened to her and how she got there. I'd like to know more"
175996809,"Nice, I am near the Rocky Mountains (of the US, not Canada, haha)."
175996810,"Cashless, I don't think anybody likes the trial and error that goes along with trying to find the right psychiatric medication(s) for you. I know I didn't. However, I found it to be worth it in the end, as I've been on a psych med that's worked well for me since 2011. So if you keep at it, I think your doctor and you will find the right pill for you."
175996811,falling in love to falling apart
175996812,I had eggs and toast for breakfast.
175996813,"I feel a headache coming but I have no idea why. I barely have any caffeine anymore, and I still haven't had a beer. Strange. I bought a couple poetry books. Anyone know a good way to learn a language? I think I might teach myself german if it's at all possible. So many of my books are german related so that I might as well. So something happened today. A woman messaged me on Match out of the blue. I sent her a message and she replied to me 2-3 weeks later. Yesterday was a bad day and didn't want to go online, so i never replied, planned on replying today but she sent me a sarcastic, ""Good conversation!"" with a thumbs up as if i ghosted her. Wtf, she gets 2 weeks and i can't get 24 hours? unbelievable. She's already trying to control me. Work has been bad lately but we're nearing a lot of inside work, so I'm looking forward to that. I miss working with my friends though. They're all gone and I miss their support. I have high anxiety and i really miss how calling they were compared to these new ki
ds who can't even hold a paint brush."
175996814,I slept pretty well last night. Hope I sleep well tonight. Feeling chatty and a bit up still but nothing too out of control. I just hope that I don’t go crashing down to depressive episode.
175996815,Why did you put a trigger warning on the photo? Your hair is great!
175996816,I'm so glad you posted! I was so worried.
175996817,Wine gums at the corner store.
175996818,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175996819,How is Animal Crossing? I don't own it yet. Does it live up to expectations?
175996820,How do you guys cope with voices trying to annoy you and put you down ?
175996821,"Idk if I'm going psychotic or anxious, high blood pressure, my heart is ok, whether or not I'll sleep tonight without zopiclone, how my doctors appointment will do, .. This place is a ghost town where I live. I can get a job at the ski hill or I can't even think about working right now I feel sick like my brain is running on low power and I'm wasting away mentally. There's always problems. People aren't nice to me.. The soldiers.. They replay in my head every day for months.. it's like half a year.. It just tortures me.. I identify with limitless brain power that I had. I have 1% of that now. Eh whatever"
175996822,HT How long did it take you to wean of the Olanzapine? _PERSON_
175996823,My allergies are so bad and I actually may be sick for a third time again this year so far.
175996824,Possibly something they saw in the posts that they deleted? I don't know what was in them. Maybe pm the mod who locked the thread; they'll be able to tell you.
175996825,Back when I got a shot I had to go into the doctors office to get my shot. You’re lucky to have it brought to you.
175996826,"And ""See _NAME_ Play"" https://youtu.be/7c0EDM-Yu9o"
175996827,Would any of you have experiences of short temp memory loss like brain freeze or hearing loss or sharp stabbing pains within the middle of your ear canal?
175996828,I love the blue ocean one 12 AM
175996829,Avenged Sevenfold - Critical Acclaim
174397622,_PERSON_ apparently my insurance covers it 100 percent but copays would be 550. So I need to see what to do.
175996830,Did I mention I drove yesterday.....practicing for my job interview....I so hope I get it. We also went to that park and then we ended up going to _PERSON_’s to get a 4 slot toaster....it was really fun after being inside for so many months.
175996831,Congrats on the job cogladaid!
175996832,I never understood the appeal of trampolines. But then again I never understood the appeal of going outside either. This movie: .
175996833,"Just before the hoarding began I was doing something similar to what you are talking about, I was trying to not waste anything only buy exactly what I needed and try to be as cash efficient as possible. I was getting quite good at it but this ultimately screwed me over as when I couldn’t get items I was left with nothing. If I can grab extra now I do, I’m not hoarding by any stretch just getting a good stock in place just Incase I can’t get certain things. I’ve even been forced to rely on other people which I really hate to do, but one good thing is I’ve learned who are and who are not good friends in all of this."
175996834,"Does anyone else here collect video games, consoles, and/or merch? Just wondering. i have my Pokémon plushes, some figures, and game boys. Looking to get some Japanese video game merch, but shipping is still $25 a package from Japan because of the ""situation."" (Japan suspended Japan Post Mail to the U.S., so now we only have DHL as an option... for $25.)"
175996835,"mood swings tonight I'm definitely hypomanic right now, don't want to sleep"
175996836,I’m taking Zoloft for my OCD. I’m up to 100 mg. I don’t think it’s doing much. Maybe helping a little. I probably need a higher dose but strongly prefer not to do that. And I also don’t want to switch meds bc I hate the start up side effects which I found difficult. So I’m not sure what to do.
175996837,I’m eating a sundae from CVS. It’s called bunny tracks. It has bunny shaped chocolates in it and bunny dropping shaped chocos.
175996838,"Fresh apple season has begun, I hope you got a good one ?"
175996839,"All these bitcoins dogecoins, this world is too advanced for me who is still collecting coins in my piggy bank"
175996840,Everything is boring. No one is here talking. None of my RL friends want to chat. Facebook is boring. I started watching a tv show but it was boring me. Tried to find a movie but I didn’t want to pay for anything. Don’t feel like reading or playing solitaire. Gah.
175996841,"Had a really good day today. Went for a walk, went home then went to the street party to watch the fireworks, ate candy floss, chicken skewers, chilli, walked home.. I don't feel like writing all this stuff out right now. But I played with my cat for a bit. I let her go into the bathtub because she likes when I turn on the water for her to drink and look at me. Then I rolled coins on the ground for her to catch like I did with her when she was a kitten 12 years ago (She still remembers). Then I started doing _PERSON_ like movements in my room to music. That gave me an idea.. I'm gonna learn _PERSON_ on YouTube tomorrow morning (If the Seroquel doesn't sedate the hell out of me with the Invega).. It will be awesome! I would be so ****ing good at martial arts cuz I'm so intuitive.. _USER_ID_: I know.. the phenibut has made me crazy.. Or I'm just my normal self.."
175996842,"Not yet, but I will later."
175996843,You seem to have an eye for color!
175996844,"I'm making pizza tonight for my Christmas eve dinner. Tomorrow I'll have dinner at my sister's. She's making a lot of good stuff. I played Animal Crossing and delivered all the gifts for toy day. Now I'm on google looking up inspiration for how I want to make my island. I'm almost done saving 500,000 bells for the increased storage capacity."
175996845,Somehow slept till 2pm
174397629,"Oh wow. Thank you so much. I’m lucky I got a good man on my side even tho I put him through crap with my mental health from time to time. I don’t blame him for isolating in the game room sometimes when I get episodic. But it does suck when I see him do that. I need more support than I think I’m getting. I’m doing so much and I keep pushing myself to do more. And I’m having to go onto higher doses of meds to be able to function during the stress of doing so much. But the support I’m getting is nil. I only get support from like 2 or 3 people. SP, and then my dad and old pss. My mom and sis don’t seem to be into anything I’m doing. They never have. _PERSON_ doesn’t quite understand the lengths I goto everyday to do what I do. Nothing bad. It’s just I work a 9 to 5 job and then I get home and I immediately start working on my side career. I get home from work and I start writing most days on all my writing profiles I have. Like my blog and Medium and all my social media channels. Al
so and working on the SEO of my blog and then the promotion side of it. Which ALL of that stuff is a full time job within itself because I’m like running a whole business by myself on the side of actually working a scheduled hourly job. Then the side things too like my art and my hobbies. PLUS taking time to network with new people everyday amongst ALL of that. (And I’m also signing up for college and a second certification at the moment, too!) And then there’s other, smaller things I do. Everyday life stuff, like grocery shopping, cleaning, visiting my parents etc. Life stuff. So yea it’s super, super stressful. Which I think is what makes me so angry with fiancé so much recently. I’m working a 9 to 5 position part time plus running a independent entrepreneurial career full time. Like on my 10 min breaks at work I’m literally checking my emails about my side career and answering social media messages. But I knew fiancé wasn’t driven getting with him. But I love him because hes levelheaded eno
ugh to to tell me “hey. Slow down. Don’t push yourself too hard”. If he wasn’t level headed, I probably would not be with him. Him being level headed is at the core of why I love him. And everything else like him being nice, respectful and handsome is a plus! So yea that’s my life lmao."
175996846,"Slept like 4-5 hours. Not too great, but I think I know now that I have to take a nap at some point today."
175996847,I found out my mom very likely doesn't need chemo <3
175996848,"I should probably start doing yoga again, I've been slacking with it the past couple weeks, it definitely helps"
175996849,Yes just took one
175996850,Sorry your your loss
175996851,Thank you for posting this.
175996852,Playing ukulele. I feel good today. It helped to get out instead of go back to sleep.
175996853,"You ain’t kidding, BreakingDawn! Life is so motherf ckn hard man"
175996854,I would of thought you had one. They still have some bundles of the switch lite and new animal crossing for 289 at GameStop. Idk if they have that where you are.
175996855,I have a wonderful Indian mushroom recipe but I can't remember it all. Used to make it frequently when I lived in Brooklyn.
175996856,"EMDR: Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing, it's supposed to help with traumatic memories. My Regular T does it sometimes"
175996857,Did you get any more sleep?
175996858,"theHTreturns... said... ask your pharmacist, they can become toxic to our system. Some of them when cut. I am not a pharmacist or medical expert, however just making the point that some medications are dangerous to cut. More so extended release medications. This has been the advice from years of being a patient with an established psychiatrist and being on the med merry go round for 20 plus yrs. HT.[/quote All of the meds I split are okayed to do so by my pharmacy, so I guess I'm safe. None is an extended release."
175996859,"I’m 72 years old, I have suffered with anxiety on and off all my life, I am now legally blind and have COPD I am now have to move into senior housing for financial reasons. My three sons are mildly supportive I don’t really understand at all what I’m going through with the physical and emotional issues I am facing. I was a single mother, very healthy physically and independent and it seems as though my sons think I should still be that way. They are glad that I’m moving to senior housing, I think basically because they feel I won’t be bothering them for money , Which I rarely do anyway. They think I should just be able to pack up a lifetime‘s worth of belongings and move into a postage stamp size apartment without any angst. This is going to be A giant lifestyle change for me, not to mention that I now no longer an able to drive and have to be somewhat dependent on them for helping me move. I am riddled with anxiety over what Hass to be accomplished in the next month to make this move h
appen that I am always short of breath, shaky, nervous and dreading what’s to come. I keep trying to tell myself that ultimately I might be a lot happier in an inexpensive place that will lessen my financial burden but what I have to accomplish in order to get to that point is overwhelming to me. It takes me 10 times longer to accomplish things when it was still just a few years ago yet for some reason I don’t want my Family to know how difficult this is for me. I guess I just need some support from people like yourselves who understand how anxiety can paralyze you and make situations that other people would handle easily, so difficult. Maybe I just need a peptalk or something but I sure would like to conquer this anxiety that I feel every day now. Living in a large fully furnished home for so many years and now trying to transition into a tiny little space is daunting. It’s always impossible where I can accomplish everything within a few short weeks but I have no choice but to try. Wish me luck!"
175996860,Have had a really good day. No sui thoughts or anxiety
175996861,"That’s not good, I’m sure no one has poisoned your food and you’re very real to me. Do you think it’s the stress from the earlier snafu at your appointment?"
175996862,That sounds super fun!
175996863,I never said I have long hair. But I do now.
175996864,_AT_MENTION_: it's schizoid because of the avoidance of people and self isolation. A schizoid is basically someone who is cut off from society.
175996865,no no shower today
175996866,I guess I just don’t understand entirely...is it the pressure of like competition that helps you stay motivated or something else related to being in a group doing the same things? Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175996867,God it feels so good to be home relaxing
175996868,"Don't know why my comment, above, got duplicated. Sorry for that. Anyway, as ""stupid"" as some believe those students look, I'm with 'em all the way. First, anyone who's not in some way ""stupid"" at 22 is someone I don't wanna know. Ever. Second, you're only 22 once. For a lot of people, Spring Break senior year is an unforgettable experience. Mine was. In fact, one of my college friends with whom I spent Spring Break died shortly after graduation. Several college classmates of mine died before they hit thirty. We're all gonna die. Some of us will have done some amazing things, and some of us will die like The Death of _NAME_ Ilyich. But, should you choose to live like the latter, in order to extend your living death by another ""joy-filled"" 15.025 minutes, please refrain from judging those who choose differently. That is, until you're actually appointed to do so by what seems to be an eagerly-anticipated future nanny-state Social Credit System: https://i.imgur.com/hhzaHqW.gif"
175996869,"Yoga _NAME_, blocks, strap, towels"
175996870,Did nothing today cuz I woke up late Time 2 sleep again..
175996871,"I keep on slipping in and out of psychosis. I trying to think my way out of it and it doesn't work. Then part of me says **** it, and it's just easier to believe it and move on, which then I think ""**** this is bad,"" when I'm not in a good state of mind. Maybe it's because I'm going down on my Seroquel, but I never needed the Seroquel until I had chronic sleep problems an now that I have to go off it so slowly. The Trileptal, my mood stabilizer (1800mgs), is working so/so, still had to take Benadryl 100mgs last night. However, I haven't had to use the Remeron(antidepressant with sedating effects) but once. I'm saving that for the rush which happens from the 15th (Wednesday) until the 29th. I might get the weekend off during that period. Roommate, which i dedicated her my mom and my sister too, my roommate wants me to sign and give her an inscription in the book i gave to her. I have no idea what to inscribe. Maybe ""Thanks for giving me a golden cord when i needed it most. -(my name) Ill do that,
."
175996872,"OG, Sorry to hear that today was rough...but glad to hear that you got to your meeting and hoping that it brought you some peace. As far as approaching your sister...if you *can* wait until after the move, maybe that would be best. She will be less stressed and more open to listening objectively at that time? However, if this is causing you too much anxiety and you are feeling trod upon, then perhaps when there is a break in the activity the two of you could sit down to some tea and talk about how you are feeling. Best wishes friend. We are here for you. S.C."
175996873,I’m restless and bored. But not really bored just restless. Got a lot on my mind.
175996874,"Hello! Sorry to hear of your troubles. I stayed away from meds for as long as I could after trying a few with no good result and side effects. After several years I realized that with this Bi Polar thing It's very hard to make it on your own though not impossible depending on the severity of your symptoms. That was my story. Due to a mental decline after 8 years! I'm back on the med journey. Even though i'm not where I want to be yet I am improving gradually and believe I'm on the right road but with a few bumps and pot holes alone the way. If not right away, ultimately I'd like to believe that the right meds will be of tremendous benefits. Therapy is very important as well. They go hand in hand and getting to know your self with a simple mood journal custom made for you will help you in your mental stability. I'm hypo manic. Like you I can be either be hyper or depressed with a baseline mood of some depression and irritability but nothing dangerous. Meds will hopefully help us with new and improve
d baseline mood! Be well."
175996875,Uh fack. ^ That's the last post here? Anyways I went outside and people were laughing at me it seems because they made a path me to walk through and I went on the road. I have mad social anxiety all of a sudden now.
175996876,God bless you!!
175996877,"I would be interested, Just let me know how it will work. Thanks _NAME_"
175996878,I heard once that psychosis is when you think that 2+2=5 and that is what you believe to be true. Neurosis is when you know that 2+2=4 but still you worry about it.
175996879,I was a little enthusiastic with emails at work today. Didn’t say anything weird though. Just like Yup! And Thank you!!! And stuff. I talked my work friends heads off on Snapchat Hahahah. I got my med refills after work. I feel a little calmer after drinking a kombucha (it’s got like 1% alcohol so it’s a bit calming) Hahhaha. I would have gotten drunk probably if I had booze. Oh well. I ain’t got the money. I thought about buying 10 more lottery tickets when I was out but we never stopped at a gas station and I forced myself not to ask to stop. Otherwise feeling better. I did buy a lottery ticket yesterday. Maybe I’ll win the $60 million!
175996880,I will send some rain your way
175996881,Here's a good article I found about how stuffed animals are comforting even to adults ‘My Best Source of Comfort’: Adults With Stuffed Animals Describe All the Feels - The New York Times
175996882,"Call the pdoc if you’ve been taking the meds correctly, check that pillpack hasn’t shorted you again."
175996883,"I’ve had sz going on 8yrs now, but I didn’t start seeing things the drs call hallucinations till about 3yrs ago before then I could hear them and feel them I knew something was wrong. I knew I was sick but I didn’t know what was going on. Then I got diagnosed right finally and around the same time my visuals started. I grew to love seeing them. It is exciting n I wouldn’t have it any other way. Like they became my friend. N being able to put a face with the emotions that come along with hearing them made me happy. Then a few months ago my VISUALS stopped! Now I cannot wait till I see them again. I miss the shows they put on for me n the feeling that I get from the experience. Can anyone relate to missing their symptoms after they stopped. I have faith I’ll see them again till then all I can do is Listen for right now. Let me add that I feel like God has blessed me with this ability n even if I never see them again I know the truth now n hopefully I will be allowed to keep my memories I ha
ve of them for ever. Having sz made my world finally make sense again."
175996884,Numb/Encore - _PERSON_ Park and _NAME_
175996885,"I’m honestly so done...my parents are horrible to each other. They throw they throw things, and verbally/ physically abuse each other. I think it’s getting to me. Normally I would have school to not listen to it and be distracted with sports. Today, my mom and I were outside looking at the flowers. My dad was angry we were repotting them and threw his phone at my head (it has a pretty heavy outterbox case). They yelled outside and took it inside. My dad tried to _USER_ID_ my moms arm. He got a metal bar and attempted to hit her with it. My moms heart rate was in the 130s and I sat with her till she calmed down. My dad sat back down to watch his tv not even checking on her (wtf). She’s currently outside crying and asking me what to do cause she’s been dealing with this for 28 years. It’s not the first time he physically abused my mom. He’s done it MULTIPLE times with me and my brother. She won’t divorce cause she’s afraid he’ll try and hurt/stalk us once we’re gone (I’m a teen 
btw). I’m ready to leave and move on with It but she won’t. What do I do?"
175996886,I’m sorry you guys are struggling. I may not be great at supporting but I love you guys and care about you. I’m doing okay. Though I just realized I don’t think I’ve showed in a week.
175996887,"I feel like my head is full of cotton, like I'm a complete space cadet with no emotion, like that moment where youre in a plane and the altitude is rising and rising, and all you can think about is the pressure in your head, making you feel numb. I don't think I can date and be like this. To be so emotionally removed from the world, and try to form a relationship on what? Life sucks."
175996888,You are a believer like me! The spirits! I used to believe in nothing until the mushroom showed me the light.
175996889,Playing Pokémon later. Just catching more. And then going to play some of the LEGO Movie 2 game
175996890,"Possible trigger: i don’t know if I’m getting more sui because of the med changes or what, I’m trying to stick it out though, in hopes that it gets better"
175996891,Eh we’re all gonna die some how. Only way I’m leaving this ***** is suicide..
175996892,Yes and it was cold! Damn boiler!
175996893,"Hi, Slumber Kitty hope all is O.K would you have a Smart TV."
175996894,"Depends on a lot of things such as the situation and the motivation behind the other's 'sugar-coating'. Depends on if the other person does it all the time, or, is selective and timely. I can tolerate it if the person is someone I respect intellectually and in other ways. In general the hard-line realist's approach becomes just as tedious as sugar-coating, over time. There is a time and place for both. Realist with a _USER_ID_ of humour is usually my preference."
175996895,The Twilight Zone
175996896,"I worked in the healthcare field, in the medical laboratory, and used to get anxiety about any test that was not within the normal range. I learned over time that these ranges are exactly that, and it's nothing to get my brain in knot over. Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) to counter my worrisome thoughts helped. I had a recent episode of this with an slightly out-of-range blood sugar test result (I am not a diabetic). My first thoughts were ""I have diabetes; I have hypoglycemia; I will have to take insulin for the rest of my life; I'm going to die from this"". Later, my better thoughts prevailed."
175996897,I applied for a crypto VISA card.. They said my address wasn't valid cuz I took a picture of half of my work check. I'll need to try again. I don't know anything about finance.. I think of the law as a 100% grey area.
175996898,Checkout dbsalliance.org
175996899,"I'm not fully sure I understand what you're asking. I'm understanding you to say the core problem is where you say you ""have a family that is really socially active and Its really hard for me to get long with them, de are really different."" Dealing with it would vary upon whether you're referring to a spouse and children or relatives/parents/siblings. I hope you get some better feedback soon."
175996900,"Bed Head , hard to get paste"
175996901,"Gonna get my money back. Most of the food and even the boxes were destroyed, squashed or something similar. What a waste."
175996902,"I hope it’s not the abilify doing this to me, the not sleeping and spending ridiculous amounts of money Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175996903,I took a 4 hr nap. Its exhausting crying.
175996904,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ SUI sucks. I hope it passes soon.
175996905,My sister is ordering me bedding too. I picked out a bohemian comforter set from Walmart https://www.walmart.com/ip/Bohemian-...Decor/_PHONE_NO_
175996906,"I love my nicotine, and I won't quit it unless I'm forced to, but I need it more than you do lol. After all the lockdowns and quarantines and even before, I don't really get how nic is addicting, it doesn't bother me physically to stop. I do miss vaping though when I can't do it. Love vaping. But congrats though, it's always an achievement when you break a habit."
175996907,"Mine was a replacement t-shirt as one went missing, it's ****ing crazy who would _NAME_ a 3-year-old _PERSON_ T-shirt ! my house is mad, have to have eyes at the back of your head."
175996908,"Medved, one thing about psychotherapy is that it takes time and is a slow process. But as frustrating as that can be, stay positive and optimistic!"
175996909,"That’s weird, English is so easy to me, and I pick up new words easily. I ALWAYS think about how I’m able to use words I’ve only seen once. Idk how I do it, but I can hear or see words once and then somewhere down the line, days or weeks later I use the word. And after I’m like “where tf did this just come from?!”. It’s so weird!"
175996910,showered clean clothes laundry fruit for breakfast plenty of liquid
175996911,"I stuffer from C-PTSD with DID and I can honestly say having a pet has literally saved my life. From my own personal experience a dog did not work for me. Theres times my lows are so low that tending to myself seems to require all the effort I have. I could not handle the obligation well for me the strain of tending to a dog. Crate training, potty training, the exercise they need, god at the attention they require and etc. I know it sounds lazy but there was days I did not even have the motivation to want to even let her out in the yard. I recommend a cat. They really dont require much in the way of energy, walks, training etc. Yes you have to do the litter box but that takes all of 1min and if you skip a day well they will still use their box. Plus they can tell when you are down in anyway. Mine cuddles me, lets me hold him like a stuffed animal and cry into his fur when needed. When I feel like I have no one he is there to remind me that I am loved and appreciated. Ive had him now for 12yrs and h
es my rock when I feel alone in the world. They are so greatful and love unconditionally. I know that no matter what he is always there for me. Plus studies have shown that cats actually improve ones quality of life and people who own cats tend to live longer. As far as financially they are pretty inexpensive. A 20lb bag of cat food is 15 to 25 dollars and last a long time. Litter you can order a huge thing off chewy and its cheap about 15 dollars and last me 2 to 3 weeks. Then they just need their yearly exam with is usually 100 to 150. They are totally worth the expense. I hope this helps."
175996912,Ya I think the medication for anxiety will take a little while to work. I am just sad since there are a lot of things you can't eat with the gerd condition. I still need to take the gerd medication though it only works a little ya. Can I get rid of the gerd condition some day though. I think then I will be less sad about it. Thanks.
175996913,I feel a lot better after my evening meds
175996914,"The basic difference between the two is knitting is with two needles, and crochet is with one hook. The basic crochet stitch and a basic knitting stitch do look different. Honestly I’ve come to prefer crocheting. You don’t have to hold onto all the stitches on a hook unlike knitting, and it’s much quicker. I only know simple stitches of each. I just do it really to keep my hands busy while I’m watching tv. I really started back when I was having trouble idly pulling out my hair and it distracted me and I got... dare I say - hooked"
175996915,"Why did they name u burrito? Mine, cuz I’m always running around rather than walking"
175996916,"_AT_MENTION_ UGH, being sick is no fun. I hope you get better soon and fiance too HUGS Kit"
175996917,I don’t think I’m going to be able to have a regular job ever again.
175996918,"Ah, interesting! Never knew that!"
175996919,"yes i am glad too that she is here at least for whatever time, we never know the power of connecting and writing and the energy and effect it has on us. these are one of those times , a great leveler to realize what we need in life and not what we want i guess...its a tough phase for everyone nonetheless, even i have a problem understanding if im 45 or 46 lol you have a great day ahead too"
174397741,I'm doing ok today. I took my medication as usual. I feel great!! I received an appointment from the eye doctor. I will see how it goes. I am doing well. I slept well and walked up the stairs just now. I am eating healthy too. I try not to eat junk food but am still overweight though. I am feeling better. I have a good schedule now so life is not bad. I could exercise more. I will try to do this. I am beginning to like the students I have. They are nice to me. I do have two new students though and will focus on doing a great initial lesson. I feel grateful for all that I have. Life could not be better!
175996920,"I'm interested in everyone here but I usually don't know what to say or add. I like posting here, anyway. Whether it's not very active or it's busy."
175996921,If you want it sooner than a month out I wouldn’t order from amazon right now....
175996922,My mom texted my dad that she's stressed out about work etc. My dad called me and we talked for a bit. I said I'm just healing mentally for now. He works in Mexico right now but applied for a job in Canada so he might get a house here - So that's good. He said for me to be patient with my mom. She wanted to climb that mountain today - Ridiculous with her heart condition. She's exercising as if she's an athlete. Hopefully it's good for her heart rather than bad idk..
175996923,Anyone gonna see _NAME_ vs ferrari?
175996924,"Well my eye looks tons better now, picked up a couple of shirts from home for the interview....hair is looking good, I might not wash it tomorrow because the curl to straight ratio is actually nice for a change...."
175996925,"For lunch ate toasted cheese bagel with cream cheese and tomato soup, then low sugar yogurt and later ate dark chocolate with salted almonds."
175996926,Hope it goes well. I see my T on Saturday.
175996927,"Okay, not so irritable now. Trying to focus on this stupid C++ textbook and study."
175996928,"Expletive psycho babble... On a ridiculous overtake of cause and affect / stimulus and response. Works for you...fine, otherwise it is for me osycho babble on steroids. My ibterest is keeping it real. I don't by into columns... I listen to people....the lived experience To experts. HT."
175996929,That's one of my favorite songs by him
175996930,Happy birthday blue bird
175996931,:
175996932,Reading the Norton Critical Edition on Darwin. It's very comprehensive.
175996933,"I watched The Shack tonight. I’ve seen it before and read the book but I wanted to watch it again so I bought it while I was at the store today. Really good movie. Makes me feel more connected to my faith. I’m tired, idk why because I slept till 1pm. That’s all I do now basically is sleep. I need to get of the Thorazine. I’m gonna start tapering off tonight. It takes away all my energy."
175996934,I have been doing work-related stuff. I can't force myself to start my new job though. I don't know what is wrong with me. I was just working on updating my professional presence earlier but I cannot get myself to actually do this job. Hm.
175996936,"However, the Dr. _NAME_ is $29.99, and Nordic Natural is $67 so that must be weighed, too. EPA is what is studied to treat depression from what im reading on wiki."
175996937,Going grocery shopping tomorrow
175996938,"I keep forgetting what to say. I overheard the SW talking about moving I think with the in the next bed. If she moves out I will be so glad. I didn't fall out of bed again which I'm really happy about. Yesterday I was in so much pain, but I feel almost healed now! So much better! I didn't eat breakfast so I'm hungry now. My new headphones are charging. I have no idea what happened to my old headphones. They were broken, but no one ever threw away my broken headphones before. Hope everyone is ok. I have two podcasts I want to listen to, and that will kill about 4 to 5 hours today."
175996939,I like Hallelujah by The Happy Mondays. It's not cover version.
175996940,I just finished My Girlfriend's Boyfriend a cute rom-com.
175996941,I'm inspired by dopamine to learn about the brain 2day
175996942,Yeah guys...the turtle been crook. Pain and got a nasty chill that wrecked the already precarious asthma. Had to cancel things. Doc away. Errr. Sending strength to you guys. Hibee...ya almost over rhe hump mate. Nasty wean...did it on seroquel and olanzapine. Medved....distraction helps me with ruminating. Keep strong and keep reaching out. HT
175996943,"I think I have a bit of workaholic in me too. When I started my job I was taking work home and just doing it. Then my boss said she didn’t want me to. And THEN it got to where I literally didn’t have anything to do at work or home for work. And my blog, I literally work on it like from noon to midnight if I’m super focused on having to have to do something."
175996944,Yeah the move and some other things. And I'm just worn out I've been walking so many miles everyday the past 4 days.
175996945,I am in the middle of a relapse and I depended on my programs and group therapy church ect. to help me stay sober. I had a consistent and dependable routine for a year and it all shut down all at once. I find myself falling back into the dark hole i worked so hard to pull myself out of 2 years ago. I depended on my daily scheduled life and the support from the participation in my treatment to keep me grounded. I guess building a new daily routine could motivate me to get back on track.
175996946,What is a nightcap
175996947,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ I'm sorry you are having one of those days. I hope the sunshine comes out for you soon! HUGS kit
175996948,"Earlier in the winter I heard someone using what sounded like a police walky-talky (spelling?), and I was baffled, why the cops would come to my door. Then I heard the screen door open, and a ""thud"". I went to check why the police was at my door and it was amazon delivery. They delivered my author's copy of my book on a sunday, night, while the snow was pretty heavy. I hope they make good money driving those awful vans in the snow at 9pm. Knowing amazon, and capitalism, I don't they weren't compensated well."
175996949,My dental appointment is at 1:45
175996950,"Something is going on with my health... I'm starting to get very worried. I haven't had a drink 20 a few days, yet i still got a migraine today and the past two ays my mouth is watring like im getting nausoues. I have no idea what is going on."
175996951,Spaghetti and garlic knots for dinner! Yum.
175996952,"I've been doing a lot of that in private though. I don't express myself to people because from my experience they dont care. If the situation doesn't concern them. They dont want hear about your issues. Or they tell you to get over it. But I always have to help others feel better about their situations. I've had so many people pulling and taking from me. I've become lost and I'm ready to change my life. Just hard when you're not getting opportunities to change yourself. So I've been crying and yelling. A lot lately. I'm so exhausted. Wish I had some support that's why I joined this group. How do you cope with the sadness? I try to get it off my mind with movies, computer games or even coloring. But I can't seem to focus on anything"
175996953,Wow!!!!!
175996954,"Hugs dude....you know you’re not a failure, you’re struggling with an illness that’s pretty severe, that requires you to tread water just to stay afloat. Occasionally we all stop swimming for a bit because it’s exhausting."
175996955,"My mom’s telling me to order some bread saying, “The cats ruined their boxes, go order some bread from that store because they love boxes from them”. So here I am ordering some bread just so the cats can get their boxes."
175996956,"Hi Gogoal Shop, Welcome to the Anxiety an Panic support forum! I am from the depression forum but pop in here from time to time. The first thing you will probably here is to stop visiting Dr. _PERSON_. Usually looking things up makes our anxiety so much worse with all the what ifs. And with things other people write about . I once had a warm, sore spot on my leg that was pink, not red. Somebody said something about a possible blood clot and I got so anxious. I didn't have a vehicle at home so I went to the neighbor to see if they could take me to the doctor. We were both snowed in so of course we had to shovel out. It turned out to be nothing but I went to great lengths for try to get to the doctor and I ended up not going anyway. I don't know what I am trying to stress other than anxiety can send our minds all over the place, especially health anxiety. It really scares us. Do you do any breathing exercises? I find it helps a lot, plus meditation to calm me. But the breathing slows down and also sl
ows down the heart rate some. Check out the resources here at the top of the page. It will give you something to read to take your mind off of things for a minute and some very helpful information. I hope that things get better soon for you. I have anxiety about going to the doctor too. Actually anywhere. But I been working through it. And if something is wrong, it is better to know sooner than later. Hopefully nothing is wrong. Take care... Others will be on soon... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175996957,I wonder if my baby cousin can send me some Girl Scout cookies from _NAME_.
175996958,My sister might have influenza virus. My mom might have it too. They're been sick for a few days. My sister threw up 6 times this morning. I think she's throwing up right now. She has a fever I think so she might go to the hospital. She can't sleep. Now I'm going to get it.. I had the flu shot last year.. I don't remember if I had it this year.. I don't think I did..
175996959,"Yeah I have a headache too. I just took Advil. I'll let you know if it works. I never take tylenol EVER because I'm afraid of liver damage... Not even one... When I press on the back of my neck, it feels better in my head.. there's a pressure point where if I press, the headache goes away completely for a few seconds. The headache started because I exercised. I already drank 2L of water today so I'm not dehydrated.. I want to read but my head hurts.."
175996960,_NAME_ your story is encouraging and I agree with your advice.
175996961,https://openworks.wooster.edu/cgi/vi...dependentstudy interesting PDF
175996962,Glad to hear from you
175996963,Yay bluebird! Sounds like you know how to live
175996964,I didn't take anything that I don't usually take.
175996965,I wouldn't mind having a look
175996966,iced coffee
175996967,"Yeah. I don’t tell everyone now, but they were part of the original experience...."
174397791,"Lately I've been seeing a lot of stuff at night that really terrifies me. I don't know if this is normal, related to the schizophrenia in any way, or if it's something else entirely, or then of course there's always the more terrifying prospect of something actually is there, it's just hard to know sometimes."
175996968,_A creepy man about 50 years old kept hitting on me and didn’t get the clue that I wasn’t interested. Sadly he’s a neighbor. I’m not going outside without people with me now.
175996969,"Love isn’t fake, it comes from within and doesn’t have to be part of “reality”. Reality might be fake, thus things like the matrix where it can be hard to tell, but being fake doesn’t make it invalid. It would be like playing a video game...you can still achieve an inner joy by playing giving it validity. Hope th cloud has gone away."
175996970,I wonder if I just have depression and anxiety now. I see my doctor In 2 days. I'm gonna ask her to reevaluate me.
175996971,Ugh. I'm so sorry. I hope you have a good sleep tonight without any nightmares.
175996972,Is _NAME_ your cat?
175996973,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ that was a good read Witnessing our thoughts, not reacting out of old habit, and becoming present enable us to better craft our lives This really struck a chord with me"
175996974,"I've been working on my thesis for a while today (not that long, actually). But it's progress."
175996975,"Well, I had major anxiety in the past when I had Lyme disease which was years. So yes this is anxiety related what I have going on right now but it’s not that terrible there are days when there’s none. Before I was treated for Lyme I did try some anxiety meds and they weren’t for me it made me somewhat mentally unresponsive ,my sense of humor and creativity went completely away and it turned me into a zombie more or less . I’ve known some bipolar people and I can likely say I don’t have that. Natural supplements that help general anxiety which I tried and used many during lyme, Is something I can still use in times of need but I just wish I didn’t need to use any at all. I also have _PERSON_’s autoimmune thyroid which for reasons unknown those people seem to suffer from anxiety even when their thyroid is treated optimally. Since I am a problem solver driven to find answers, Accepting my health to “just be that way” Is hard for me to accept.Post Edited (astroman) : 3/7/2021 9:12:27 
PM (GMT-7)"
175996976,"If you’re feeling better you can start spacing out appointments, but I wouldn’t get rid of them completely. Never know when something could change."
175996977,Cool...what is a porcupine soup?
174397836,"I think Schizophrenia is very misunderstood and sometimes even feared by people (would have to include myself in this ). There are plenty of public figures who have come forward about their bipolar, depression, etc. struggles but we need more discussion about schizophrenia. I am not sure but feel like it can be triggered by trauma then people with it get drugged to deal with their trauma when dealing with the trauma is as important as dealing with their symptoms. Some are the most sensitive people you could every imagine. If they were not stigmatized and more people would try to understand, more people with this diagnosis might accomplish great things!!"
175996978,"I dont think i had this sence of fullfillment, maybe very low fulfillment- when i dig a hole at the beach, or when im peeling with my nails a cracked wall paint for hours, i can get so obsessive when i peel walls i dont notice time goes by. My favorite is stepping on completely dry and small leaves, I guess the common of all of this things is making a large impact with small effort, the noise of a tousand leaves crushing so easily, or digging a hole so easily with breach sand"
175996979,"Save some for tomorrow too, it’s National ice cream day!"
175996980,I was on the verge of having a big panic attack so I _NAME_ for awhile then listened to music and feel better
175996981,Almost all of them. I have 4 more supplements to take.
175996982,Kind of disappointed because my friends that I invited over for dinner can't come this weekend. They said it is too busy of a weekend for them. It's okay. We will do it another time. But I am still kind of disappointed. I was kind of looking forward to it. I guess though I don't have to clean my room as much. I guess that's something.
175996983,"I also used to hear from God, that's what got me through what I'm struggling with now 2 years ago, I miss it too. I heard him talk to me and it would stop me from doing stupid things"
175996984,"No, I'll take one tomorrow morning"
175996985,I think you misunderstood... You give them the candy on Halloween and they give you diy recipes etc....but you need like 15 pieces of candy to get everything. And you only get one piece of candy a day unless you visit someone. If you want the diy before that you talk to them while crafting or get it from balloons....
175996986,"Oh speaking of games, in Animal Crossing one of my villagers nicknamed me ""burrito"" lol"
175996987,"I’ve had panic attacks in the past since my late teens and early twenties, but they were very on and off and rare. To be honest most of the time they were a result of smoking too much marijuana. Usually I would be fine but the last couple of months I did not react well to it. I recently quit using it for this reason hoping for relief from the anxiety and occasional panic it caused me, but instead it’s only gotten worse and nearly constant every day since. I was a regular user for 15 years so perhaps, though rare, it could be some kind of withdrawal symptoms going on. I just don’t feel myself and totally out of it day and night now. It definitely doesn’t help that I’m a hypochondriac looking at several different terrible things that could be going on ranging from brain tumors to just losing my sanity altogether. I don't have any hallucinations or anything like that it’s kind of hard to explain. Almost like my consciousness is just different, kind of foggy, and constant uneasy feeling in 
the pit of my stomach. And as stated previously, very little sleep and severe anxiety. I haven’t been diagnosed with anything yet, but I’m having my first appointment with a psychiatrist tomorrow morning and hoping for the best."
175996988,"That does sound like a lot to deal with. Are you seeing a doctor for both the physical and emotional parts of this? As far as the insomnia, in addition to my psych meds for bipolar (lithium as a stabilizer and Mirtazapine as an antidepressant), I take Melatonin health food tablets for sleep.Post Edited (_NAME_) : 1/27/2021 3:53:46 PM (GMT-7)"
175996989,Man i could totally use a coffee right now or a nap...neither one is actually going to happen.....
175996990,"Since she's moving, could you move into your sister's room? Unless I have wrong info."
175996991,Went to bed at 1am then woke up at 6am. Not good. I need sleep. But I feel awake on 40mg of Vyvanse. I didn't take 50mg cuz no need to force myself awake I can sleep anywhere but can't take zero Vyvanse or else withdrawal.
175996992,My mom got news that her breast cancer prognosis is the best that it can possibly be almost. She goes for surgery in a month because it's growing so slowly. Then she'll go to work the next day for two weeks and then do radiation for a month. She might not have to do chemo.
175996993,"My comment that I made a few days ago about how I would likely have a boring week this week has been a prediction that, so far, has been true for me. But the important thing is that I'm being careful and safe."
175996994,Dolphin bridge yay!
175996995,"When I got the first sinus infection that sort of led to all the rest, the big ol big one back in December of 2016, I took anti B's and by the time I ran out of meds, the infection still had a grip on me. That's the last time I took anything beyond OTC just to get through work. As far as noticing the lymph nodes, I think they're a bit more pronounced when they're in a delicate area like the groin. I have fairly severe depression and a lot of times I'm stuck between this space of not wanting to live but also not being ready to die. So I'm almost too apathetic to go get it checked but also still too attached to life and afraid to get it checked. It's a nightmare Haha. But the catch 22 is, part of my depression is because of my physical suffering. Being knocked out for 1 to 2 weeks almost every month for nearly 2 years is really defeating, especially for a guy who hits the weights 4 to 5 times a week and hikes avidly."
175996996,"Sorry to hear SK, hope things get better for you soon....."
175996997,That is so cool...just what you need
175996998,"I believe it's called ""Drowning"". And Fractured Minds is pretty cool. The levels are quick. Each level is a different symptom of mental illness. It's like a puzzle-based game. Find the keys to unlock the door, etc type stuff."
175996999,"Lol there is doing a ""dopamine fast"" where you basically stay away from notifications, internet, phone etc.. But idk if it works. I need a vacation. I need the world to be better. BUT .. we go into this black hole. But there is always the sun that rises again... Often we need some sort of magical ecstasy for a short time to let us know that there's hope and to keep going..."
175997000,I can't wait to go grocery shopping this week. I have so much good stuff on my list
174397869,"There was a guy locally with schizophrenia who decapitated someone on a bus and was found not legally responsible, but aside from that I’ve never really heard of much of schizophrenic people committing murder actually."
175997001,That's great progress! I hope my panic attacks decrease over time like that
175997002,Im feelibg better. Just got back from a trip to the zoo.
175997003,What kind of things do you hide?
175997004,So this is when you need to find stuff that would have interested you a week ago but you’ll need to force yourself to do it. Helps to have an amazon list or even a self care box of stuff you used to enjoy. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175997005,"Thanks I understand. And yes I do talk to door. At this point, door is the only person I'm talking to right now about issues with myself. Thank you bb"
175997006,I feel so agitated tonight I want to break something
175997007,Thanks SP! I'll check it out. If my library or bookstore doesn't have it I'll order it sometime
175997008,no not today
175997009,That's awesome!
175997010,I can feel and hear my heartbeat in my head God I'm so depressed.
175997011,Remember that you matter what can I do to help you
175997012,We have 44 cases in my county and 3 cases in my town.
175997013,"_PERSON_, I'm glad your heart and lungs are in good shape. Did the doctors advice calm you at all emotionally?"
175997014,I’m so tireddd today
174397888,Have you tried mood stabilizers like lamictal?
175997015,Gotcha. Makes sense that you'd want to be gradual with it. Good luck with it!
175997016,"Back in the 1980s I found cognitive therapy, now improved to cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), to be very useful for depression, and perhaps anxiety. The idea in a nutshell is that if you think bad thoughts about yourself, you'll make yourself feel bad, and that most of the bad thoughts you think about yourself are wrong (""cognitive distortions""). Given all that's happening in your life, I can see this extending to anxiety, and it's said to be useful for that. Ask a therapist about it, or perhaps try the basic and very useful book for patients, Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy by _NAME_. I always keep at least one extra copy on hand, and have sent copies to Internet acquaintances in times past, and some of them have found it useful, and none harmful. He also has an anxiety focused version, When Panic Attacks: The New, Drug-Free Anxiety Therapy That Can Change Your Life , I really should read it past the first few pages some day..., so I can't say for sure if it's good or useful, but based on 
his other books I've read you probably can't go wrong getting it instead."
175997017,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175997018,I hate the fact that I haven't just been given one. I hate asking for raises.
175997019,Not yet but she is already looking at houses. Which when she takes action like that she’s gotta be serious. I mean she told me she was a few months ago but I didn’t take it seriously. I brushed it off. It’s like it’s really hitting now.
175997020,There's a coughing curve when you first start vaping. I'm sure you coughed up a lung when you first started smoking too.
175997021,"I got lots of good stuff from the food farmacy, plus they gave me their nutritionist's card if I want to set up an appointment with her, which I might. I got fresh produce, turkey burgers, and two large canvas totes full of food that I picked out from their pantry"
175997022,Took a long nap and now I don't know what to do with my day since I'm under the weather.
175997023,Feeling nervous about going out tonight
175997024,"I'm doing pretty great today. Over at my grandmothers. Hung out with my brother and sister all day, watched some netflix, played some chess. Might stay the night again tonight or might go back over to the apartment, not sure yet."
175997025,I hate everyone and it is killing me
175997026,"I just realized I am really sensitive. I will follow people's advice without thinking. That is part of the reason why I do impulsive things sometimes, I think."
175997027,feel better.
175997028,It looks amazing! Great job
175997029,Wtf not local I mean loial!
175997030,If the docs are worried about chemo killing you they just won’t do it....they told my mom if she were any older or less healthy they would just let it go...she’s actually done really well with the chemo...not that sick
175997031,"""Sz refers to a split from reality "" 1- Split from reality is not eternal divorce that is irreversible between the organic nature and what is a mental 2- Split from reality is just a personal interpretation (view) for the diagnostic material from the angle of the mind’s relationship with the actual world (right and possible wrong) ,which appears to have been separated for a while ,and is not an explanation to the reality of the sz condition as it as in itself (structure,function,mechanism of effect,reactions …etc) 3-Split from reality, is just a result of the effect of the phonemic emitter (h) on the pathways / concept’s content of the higher knowledge processes and emotional feelings, this effect made the mind loses the internal natural relationship with the perceptions of sensory inputs ,memories data ,personal feeling and the chemical background of the brain activities which provided these processes Therefore,the person loses the internal connection with the external environment (the act
ual world /reality as you think) ,he loses the coexistence with the daily life events through out his original self -knowledge data content 4- the functional cause (h) causing a change in the concepts of the mental processes which led to a disorder in the mind’s relationship with the reality which in turns leads to the symptoms"
175997033,cant sleep
175997034,"Now I know what my dad meant by ""Always go to the right"" Cuz the left meant you were gassed."
175997035,"Idc if anyone likes the poem thing or not. I just feel better when I do write poem things. It doesn't matter if they're good. I try =] ""What you're saying is often less important than what you're feeling when you're saying it."" - _NAME_."
175997036,I ran today. Feel good now. Wondering whether olanzapine helps or hurts me. I think it does both. Just trying to sort out whether to lower it with my pdoc's support... _USER_ID_: I really just want to stay stable. That is all.
175997037,"Yeah, I feel similar. I want to just walk around. But alas too late for that. You haven't been sleeping much lately. Have you talked to your doctor?"
175997038,"Ended up getting sleep, I forgot to take my seroquel which is why I was tossing and turning for a few hours. I took it around midnight though and was able to sleep fine afterwards"
175997039,"Have you ever thought of an SNRI? They have less side effects (to me) and they help some with anxiety too. I am not trying to sway you, just let you know that there are other options. Of course go with what your doctor says. I wish you the best. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175997040,Omg so weird. I was talking on the phone to my mom and I looked at the time. I said “oh wow it’s 1:35 already” and I immediately opened up my bank account cuz I check it often. It’s habit. And the balance was $1.35. I’ve seen 1:11 a lot too recently. Saw it last night when I stayed up. Then saw it today. Weird.
175997041,My wrist and arm is bothering me. It is making it hard to focus on anything else.
175997042,_PERSON_ won! Yay! Longest Tuesday ever.
175997043,Yep! Christmas in July
175997044,They are 100% real.
175997045,"I like how on Amazon they market dildo's as: real skin feel, waterproof, relaxation products. I think I might make those my own usp's in future."
175997046,"Thank you.! Yes it’s a very scary situation. I always worry about who he may become now and when he is older. As a mother all you want to do is fight for them and that’s all I’ve done.! We call the police every time he does anything that requires the police to be called. I have a huge binder full of police reports, court documents, hospitalizations, school reports, everything you can think of.! It’s crazyyyyyyy.!!! After a while, as a parent you start to feel useless and have no idea what to do.! It’s very stressful."
175997047,"The nutrition class went well. She made jambalaya but with ground turkey instead, it was pretty good. We talked about price vs unit price and budgeting, getting fruits and vegetables that are in season (she gave us a chart of that). Plus she gave us each a couple canvas totes since stores will no longer be using plastic bags here in NY beginning in March. Met a few more of the tenants here, they seem really nice."
175997048,"I’m up to 2,450 words so I’m just needing 50 more to meet my count! Should find a quote to throw in there..."
175997049,thoughts being read
175997050,I’ve been drinking But I didn’t go get my medicine. I think I’m having a psychosis episode or whatever I think I’ve found god in odd numbers tho. The actual like I discovered the legitimacy of god through numbers. _PERSON_ is mad at me right now cuz I haven’t cleaned. He’s drinking downstairs.
175997051,"People are still going out though since it’s not technically a shelter in place order, unfortunately"
175997052,I'm trapped in this body and in this world... demons and spirits need to live again. It's either my blood or myself. bang bang bang...
175997053,"I need to do that too. I bought the 128 because I had read an article that the switch can only handle up to 128. Had I known reading later articles that it can handle much more, I was so mad at myself."
175997054,apparently My bff's brother friend was talking **** about me from hearing voices and seeing things
175997055,Just drinking some Iced Tea. Lunch in a little while.
175997056,Anyone up?
175997057,Forgot yesterday and just now remembered today’s! That’s unusual for me. Normally I take them every morning.
175997058,"Oh damn. I ran out once (snowed in), it ****ing sucked."
175997059,"Could Auditory Hallucinations be thought of in terms of as a type of harassment as in theory voices goad and harass us daily? We have to live our lives with what to me seems like a death _USER_ID_ Twitter storm, spewing out Narcissistic abuse towards us, some of this abuse mimics emotional blackmail, entrapment, Bait &Switch grooming techniques. It could be thought of as a strange form of revenge by a hidden foe of Witches or sick *****es. It occurred to me that being on the receiving end of 'Voices' seems to draw a comparison to Cyber Abuse/Hazing/mobbing by its design and function. Would any voice hearer agree with this personnel observation as many will experience different varying degrees of harassment, also could you have nice harassment, for the ones that say their 'voices' are a rich source of encouragement, as there will be of course. So, would it be madness to class the 'Voices' or Auditory Hallucinations as a form of unwanted constant Harassment? Also of some interest would be the idea th
at the 'Voices' in a sense Stalk us as they are always there, even in the loo. So would the concept of stalking & harassment be applied to the experience of hearing voices?"
175997060,Good morning
175997061,"Yup, I'm totally compliant."
175997062,SC - I would say what I have is more than “occasional breakthrough challenges.” It’s more like I’m doing a bit better than I was a month or two ago but still experiencing a a fair amount of anxiety. I’m also waking up at 5 am or so every day and feeling tired and agitation. I guess a Zoloft side effect but who knows.
175997063,We’re living in crazy times right now. And it doesn’t make things better for us. At all!
175997064,"MV, It is a very common and highly successful plan to use a benzo to offset the s/e's when initially starting an A/D. ...and yes the fact that you are taking a low dose for a definite amount of time...as well as the fact that your doctor considers you not at risk for dependency (no former issues with substance abuse) is telling that you will not have a problem with this regimen. Wishing you the best with your increase. Let us know how you are doing soon, okay? S,C,"
175997065,Hey guys! Just been laying around for a while. Dozing on and off. Gotta get up now though. Blah.
175997066,Don't do it!
175997067,"_PERSON_ I thought of you today, I thought, She's going to love this spotify playlist I created for my big writing project I'm working on. And then I realized, you don't have Spotify. =( I'll send you a picture of the playlist since you write the same way."
175997068,You could have had a random mutation or maybe people in your family don’t talk about it?
175997069,Christmas music on Air 1.
175997070,Seafood. Always from the sea I get my food
175997071,"The origins of smoking, before it was introduced into the western world, was heaped in symbolism and 'mystique'. It was linked to spiritualism, the smoke often representing the prayers from their souls ascending to their gods. A lot different to a a bunch of office workers huddled in a bus stop with a pack of Marlboro."
175997072,Get help! Yikes! Go to AA meeting to talk about how you feel. Call 911 and 311 anything to help. This guy is a phycho. Your a hot mess right now and need space to take care of yourself. Gather your self up and stay with a trusted friend and family member. That’s all I got for advice. It’ll work out. If not then I’m sorry for your troubles. Bless you to write about this matter. I know it’s not easy.
175997073,"Yeah, I got the paperwork, I'll have my doctor fill it out Thursday"
175997074,"I've noticed that the nature of my 'voices' seems to mimic mobbing and shame culture to an uncanny degree, they sometimes sound like people I've known from the past or they might take on the persona of the last person that I actually spoke to in real life, they can be very mobby towards anything that gives a release or insight to our mostly isolated, group gaslightly, mobbed-up personnel experiences of co-existing within this landscape. I've noticed that the online and offline worlds can uncannily seem to best reflect our responses to their culture, entrapment desires, scapegoating of us through very sly, betrayal and rejection of us as people. Anyway has anyone else noticed or thought about the similarities of cyber abuses like revenge porn or workplace mobbing in terms of hearing voices or being broadcasted."
175997075,"So they moved at least two people all because two roommates were fighting. They poached my best roomie because she can get along with anyone. The person who's here now came from some other room, it's confusing to see without drawing a graph with pencil and paper. I'm guessing one of the fighting roommates moved, but I don't know. The women in that room are divas, so maybe there's too much ego going on there. Maybe they both moved so no one could ""win"". I wish I were at home instead of stuck here in my social failures. I'd be eating Klondike bars and _NAME_ and _NAME_, and candy and chips. With chocolate almond milk."
175997076,I wish I could text my therapist.
175997077,My teeth hurt sometimes and then the pain goes away. I've been brushing my teeth every morning for years. I haven't seen the dentist since all of my wisdom teeth were cut out and yanked.
175997078,"Awesome, congrats ?"
175997079,Me too!
175997080,"Try to think positive thoughts. Toss negative thoughts away. Start each day with a clean slate. Be thankful for what you have. Give thanks each morning when you wake up. Best wishes. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175997081,I think a bunch of herbal tea or something like that. Can't remember...
175997082,_AT_MENTION_ let us know how your dr.'s appointment goes!
175997083,Two days off friends from work. Wednesday and Thursday. I'll try to pop in and say hello!
175997084,"desoxyn, The book basically means that hell is what you make of it, psychologically speaking. It's a great example of a person and an extreme example of a horrendous human tragedy, and how one can see through the static to still find meaning to get one through the day, or I think he was in Auschwitz from 44-45. So with _PERSON_ year-long tragedy, _PERSON_ came to the conclusion, ""Those who have a 'why' to live, can bear with almost any 'how'.”"
175997085,"You're a nice person, you're a good writer (I can tell just by the way you write your posts on PC), you're an artist which means you are creative, you are intelligent, you are wise beyond your years, you care about your family, look how you were talking about your Dad and making sure you stay in contact with him, you CARE about him, you're kind, you like to have fun like with videogames, you like to try new things like with that VR thing, you encourage others, you're open about your mental health, I would say you are curious, you are special to our group here on PC"
175997086,Did you try out animal crossing today?
175997087,"I know what you mean though I hate having to take meds. Side effects, money, the fact that you’re dependant on something. I had to come to terms with the fact I’ll probably have to be on meds the rest of my life."
175997088,I have a frozen washcloth in a zip lock baggie on my neck on the pillow and it feels amazing I think I’d benefit from cold showers. Or at least half the time in the shower the water can be turned to cold. Hot first. It will take some getting used to but it’s supposed to be good for you
175997089,Yummmy!!!
175997090,Me too. Incredibly much.
175997091,Coconut water
175997092,Yes. I do. Esp if have a new appt or meeting a lot ob rhe mind etc. I will throw up then will be ok. HT. Ir passes thus have the rest of the day.
175997093,an apple w/ peanut butter
175997094,I'm sorry you are struggling. I hope you find some relief soon. _PERSON_
175997095,I was planning on working on my social anxiety and getting into dating this year so like... I don’t know where I stand now.
175997096,"Today for self care I ate a good breakfast, I put on my perfume, and I texted some friends."
175997097,"IMO, my dad is like the ultimate example of showing Christ’s love. Now this isn’t all he does, this is just ONE thing he does, but he’s given so many people in need, like people who need money or food, he’s given that to them. And he doesn’t tell anybody that he does. He just does it. And he doesn’t push god on them when he does it, he just tells them he will pray for them and hope they can get to a better place. I think one time he said a lady with kids went through the register at the grocery and couldn’t afford the total and he paid it for him. Again, that’s just 1 thing. I could go on."
175997098,"This type of thread always pops up with people who have just ""discovered"" that they are Schizoid, it illustrates a lack of actually bothering to do some research...Schizoid and any other PD is a more specific sub-diagnosis of an overall general diagnosis of a PD, the traits that are associated with a specific PD, are not enough alone to qualify for a PD, first you must meet a general criteria of a PD and when knowing this and understanding, you see why Schizoid is a disorder."
175997099,"Friendship kinda scares me though. What if one day they disappear, either because they move on with their life or they pass away. Or what if we fight one day and end up hating each other."
175997101,"I can relate to that need for connection, but I'm pretty sure my motivations are different, as well as how I perceive it's rewards. Put bluntly, I'm more interested in talking than listening. This, I think, comes from living in a vacuum and my need for expression. Output. I'm good at filtering what I get from the world, but have few resources in which to air my thoughts/ideas/views. This is probably what I value most from the few friendships I have: me talking. It's also why I post on forums and do a fair bit of trolling elsewhere. As _NAME_ once said, ""My geode must be acknowledged!"" It also probably had a lot to do with the fact that before I permanently stuck my head up my own ass, I was a reasonably social person. I was always introverted, but I don't think I ever really considered there was an alternative to being ""acceptably"" social. There were plenty of long nights drinking beer with idiots or ridiculously overstimulating parties, but there were good times, too. Moments of connection. I 
remember those times fondly, although apparently not fondly enough to maintain all of the connections that have withered away over the years. And not fondly enough to get out and do what it takes to dust off and energize the few connections I currently have. It's as if I idealize the good times I've had being connected to people rather than trying to create new ones. Over the years I've pared down the relationships I have to those which require minimal maintenance, but this also means they provide minimal rewards. At this point they're more of a backup than anything else: who would help me out if I suddenly became a paraplegic? Well, I can think of at least two people."
175997102,"Remodeled my kitchen in ac.....it was pretty bad before, like an espresso machine and a fridge, now I’ve got a stove, with a kettle on it and sink etc. custom fridge."
175997103,"So does thyroid affect you by bringing on anxiety? I ask bc I have under active thryroid and have been on meds to regulate that, even when it’s doing good I still have the anxiety"
175997104,I’m still up. Running out things to do lol. Usually when I’m up this long I’d feel like my brain is burning but not now. I feel physically fine.
175997105,Really i didn’t realize the north part of Dallas was bad....
175997106,"I spent 4 or 5 years sleeping as little as 12 to 16 hours on zyprexa. However, I'm on Clozapine and it doesn't sedate me like zyprexa did. At most I sleep 10 to 12 hours on rainy days. However when I was manic I slept 2 hour increments through out the night to at most 4 to 6 hours."
175997107,"Yes, I did."
175997108,It looks like a winter wonderland outside
175997109,"My feet have been cold lately, probably due to the lack of exercise. I don’t think I should exercise yet. My belly button still hurts a bit and I do yoga as an exercise and it puts a lot of pressure to my stomach."
175997110,"Got a call back from partial hospital, I'm going in tomorrow for an assessment, 1030am. If it's anything like last time that means I'll start Wednesday. I don't plan on being there for too long, though."
175997111,I’m not sure my writing is bad so much as different......but personal taste comes into play with any class.
175997112,_PERSON_’s covid test is negative. He has bronchitis.
175997113,"Haha, i dont look for tips, i look for attention or information, but ok"
175997114,Thanks DT. Means a lot. I feel anxious rn so I'll reply later when I'm better.
175997115,"The half life is 2-4 days it shouldn’t be wearing off, I honestly think it’s your stress level."
175997116,Later in life nerdy is totally winning
175997117,"I took the olanzepine. I'm not sure how I will change in the next hour. I have to write down what I want to say to my psychiatrist. So far, I'm not having psychosis and no dissociation this year (Because of the olanzepine) which is great. My meds are good except I'd like to have Dexedrine in the evening. Drugs: I'm not dependent on phenibut anymore - But bought some more kratom (Which makes me more tired - But relaxed like certain strains of weed). I want to talk about taking NAC cuz I threw it away but it might actually have been helping me - So I'm wondering if he might be able to prescribe it off label for negative symptoms and lack of motivation. That's basically it..."
175997118,"Here’s the tub of peanut butter. Won’t be running out of that anytime soon... Attached Images 6A0BF510-E746-42B0-AF70-E95A1D65B814.jpg (239.8 KB, 11 views)"
175997119,"Tour down under, giro and le tour de france. These i enjoy. _NAME_, pari rebaux, etc. spelling! errr. Am an aussie, good riding here, but each state has it good and bad spots. Am going an electric pas. Been an age since i have turned a wheel, should be a blast. Ride on. HT"
175997120,"Feel sui today. Got slow at work after working really hard for four hours, so I watched _NAME_ Smiles on Amazon. A movie from the 80's about a little girl that runs away and ends up with these two criminals who just end up loving her to pieces. The ending always makes me cry. So I cried. It helped some with the sui feelings."
174398052,took my geodon and lithium. Not gonna take my saphris again if it's just gonna give me a headache
175997121,I was watching unboxings of mystery boxes from the dark web. Weird stuff man xd
175997122,"Without knowing the history of your family dynamics or anything about your parents' relationship, I honestly think it might sound and feel worse than it is under the intense circumstances that most everyone can relate to in one way or another. I think talking to your dad (nicely, not accusatory) about how you feel and that it scares you that he even potentially would consider exposing you or your mom etc. to this virus makes stresses you out and that the fight he had with your mom upset you. See how that conversation goes and suggest maybe just a little note from him to her expressing that it was a regrettable situation that tempers should not have got so heated. It doesn't have to be ""I'm so sorry etc."" bit rather just acknowledgment that it's all gonna be ok and work out. A little sincere comfort lasts longer than a lot of cold shoulders. Talk to your dad."
175997123,"I'm pretty sure soon I'm gonna go back in PHP and go on Clozaril, these antipsychotics just aren't working."
175997124,My bloodwork came back normal so that’s good.
175997125,Hey everyone. It's been a while since I've visited the forum. Just checking in and saying HI!!!! ???
175997126,I’m glad you’re feeling better about the vraylar but you also reduced your stress level massively...both are good. Hopeful you’ll have sustained stability.
175997127,Yeah you sound like my psych lol. We talked about this before and said to just focus on small things. It’s just hard to put into practice.
175997128,Certain things for me and certain things would be great to have a certification of
174398071,"Well, just had a lovely chat wiht an old hospital roommate. He has schizophrenia. When he was 19, he became super psychotic and believed he was on the wrong earth, the wrong planet, and that all the people here were phony copies of the true, actual, real people on the other, distant, correct planet. One of those people was his mom. He became convinced she was an impostor sent to harrass him, so he shot and killed her. Tragic. He has done well with treatment but his schz is still quite challenging for him. He was living in a nice group home last winter when he received commands to leave. He made it to LA before they found him and returned him to the state hospital, where he is improving. He is just a lovely, sweet person who does not have a violent bone in his body. Has a bad illness, though. Really good to chat with him. _NAME_ is manic right now. Wowzer."
175997129,so sleepy
175997130,"omg it's amazing, the graphics are stunning"
175997131,Hi folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175997132,That's great _AT_MENTION_!
175997133,"Just idk man. Have overloaded myself with so much. My chest pains feel different right now. Like tightness in the middle instead of just sharp pains in my chest, like usually. When I say I have about 15 things going on. I mean it. No exaggeration."
175997134,Modest Mouse's Lonesome Crowded West album. I'm on Trailer Trash right now.
175997135,I started another fast on my app. I feel really mentally foggy like my iq has dropped like I'm going to have a panic attack. I'll have a cold shower. I want to meditate while in my next good mental state too. I do all of these things to fight depression. I see my psychiatrist tomorrow at noon. Idk what to say. I'm gonna write down things to say in my notes. I want the Invega injection lowered to 100mg to every 3 weeks.
175997136,"Well this is great had a really bad flashback early this AM!!! I had 4 last week and who knows how much this week . And it’s just the beginning. Doing grounding but it all still comes back into my mind leading to derealization and disassociation. I only tell the hotlines what is happening . I don’t want anyone to know what is going on because no one will believe me. How could I move on? Wish I could get more therapy then this once a week. Maybe that’ll make the trauma worse I don’t know. I am feeling stuck, , lost alone, ashamed, and frustrated. ???"
175997137,"Typically the bf makes appointments for oil changes on weekends, they tell him the best time that way."
175997138,"Things are bad in this area so it's probably best if I avoid public transportation as much as possible. It's just too much of an enclosed space and too many people in and out all day. And the grocery store gives me anxiety, then people always getting right up on me in the line when I'm trying to check out. I'll be laying low till the vaccine comes out and until there's any progress with the numbers going down"
175997139,"No, no fever! Thank god!"
175997140,"Thank you, I will see if I can get something working."
175997141,"_PERSON_, that too. I guess a routine change for me is always stressful. Hopefully once I get used to this routine and comfortable enough, everything, from my sleep to eating and more, will return back to normal."
175997142,Yeah co-ops are pretty meh about wages and management. Worked for one before except hardware not grocery. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175997143,"Sometimes ill take a break from the news or Pc or whatever but not all tech, that’s way too hard."
175997144,"I've been up since 3am, spent 5 hours cleaning/ pacing, then going to the store and to get groceries. Now I just want to sleep but I can't, I hope today goes by fast so I can go to bed"
175997145,Congrats on the 44 days _PERSON_! I think your idea of talking to your therapist about what happened is good
175997146,Like I felt kind of down and was sleeping more but now I keep waking up at all hours and then wake up sleepy but also hyper.
175997147,Thank You.
175997148,_NAME_ - You Don't Know YouTube This song make me cry and gave me chills
175997149,I rescheduled my sleepover with my sister to next weekend. I did something to my neck in my sleep and it hurts extremely bad. So I didn’t get much sleep. But she’s gonna drop off my new laptop and new video game later today! And my scentsy order will be delivered today! I ordered this really cool wax warmer and some of their scented wax cubes. I’ll take a pic when I set it up. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175997150,Or you can tell them you’re tired and close your eyes when they cut your hair. Or pretend to be busy on your phone. I’m not a straightforward person and terrible in making people respect my boundaries so I dodge around from situations by doing this kind of thing ?
175997151,"Hey, created this account just to tell you that this (and many other points in your post) hit really close home. My only ""official girlfriend"" relationship started with me idealizing her at first sight and progressed into me being more and more disappointed. Mustering up the courage to stop pleasing her and break it off took months. She wasn't happy though and ""forced"" me to date her for another month at least through emotional manipulation. I started lying to her to get more alone time and things eventually broke down. Also, I really like your model of ""internal objects"", I've always felt like I have a super ego that is just too strong, but I've never really identified the separate voices of people I relate to (aside from parents) before reading your description. This forum looks really promising."
175997152,Bam have you tried alternating heat & cold packs to your chest? This may give you some relief with the soreness. I hope it gets better soon.
175997153,"ah, didn't you have trouble with sleep before night shift? Like sleeping too much or not sleeping at all.."
175997154,"yeah they do, but it's never worked for me for some reason"
175997155,_AT_MENTION_ Have you ever tried Abilify?
175997156,"Thanks SC- yes this is a busy time of year for you! I filed a right to know form myself. Lawyer wanted $1000 cost me $7.95 to send it priority mail to make sure it was received. Was not complicated. Got denied. Emailed the chief of PD and copied and pasted the statute he cited as the reason he couldn't release. Said I don't understand- Criminal History Information Act- my son is not a criminal- are you saying he is? No he said- but it was a criminal investigation and I cannot release. If you think I'm mistaken file an appeal with the DA. Lawyer told me this would be quite expensive and off the cuff when they spoke to the DA they said I'll never get it. Well it's just another form to fill out which I will do myself. You have to explain why you feel the request should be honored. I'm praying for the right words to put in my request to get this granted. The whole thing is I really don't think his death was investigated thoroughly- I really don't think there was an ""criminal investigation"" I don't th
ink anything was criminal- I think it was accidental but they are trying to cover up the lack of investigation and I'm going to fail. But I'm going to try. I have not been really pursuing work. Not in the right mindset but at the same time knowing being home with too much time on my hands has not been working out at all. I have a career counselor provided by my last job calling me daily. I have a physical on Friday and want to talk to my doctor about things. I plan on calling the counselor either this week or next. Appreciate your thoughts and prayers!"
175997157,"Idk about yall but It’s highly disrespectful to me when someone leaves their trash on your furniture at your home. Furniture could be anything in my house, table, couch, kitchen counter."
175997158,Oh my gosh--I hope you guys are all right.
175997159,I'll be 25 this year. At least now I'm not having panic attacks anymore.
175997160,Throes of Perdition - Trivium
175997161,Feeling anxiety today like I'm going crazy but am ok
175997162,I have been having a bout of severe anxiety recently but this time it is companied by severe nausea as well. I’m convinced I have some kind of serious stomach problem wondering if it’s just my anxiety that’s causing this. Does anyone else suffer from this?
175997163,I’m cuddled up in one right now. I got my first one when I moved in with my sister and she kept the house so cold and I’ve never been without one ever since. I absolutely love them.
175997164,"That's great!! Good job! I started using my weights and the treadmills here in my apartment complex. I have to be patient, I spent the last year and a half pretty much totally sedentary so I have to work my way up and it will take time to lose the weight. Plus I'm working on eating healthier"
175997165,I'm sorry for your loss _PERSON_
175997166,"For me it depends. Given I am stable, the character voices sound more like my inner voice, the normal personal thoughts voice. Given I am psychotic, they sound more like distinct people. They also speak different languages at different times, whichever language delivers the idea more concise. That is because I speak several languages. In my case I hear my characters like my own thoughts but which I can’t control. My schizophrenic mother swears that her characters always have unique and elaborate voices each, at all times."
175997167,"I gave in and made a mug brownie. 4 whole days without sweets isn't bad though, maybe it will help me learn to do things in moderation"
175997168,"I went to a support group today. I think it helped. I met others who understand how I feel. I am not alone. I know they don't know my exact emotions, they aren't going threw what I am, but I'm not alone anymore. I have a group. A group who are in their own heads as much as I am in mine. For the first time, in years, I feel like things in my life will get better."
175997169,That is awesome! Much more like X and Y. The outfits in Sun/Moon and US/UM sucked. Lazy design. These new outfits make it seem like the devs put much more effort into them this time. The Pokémon camp sounds interesting. The curry thing makes me want Indian food. lol. I'm a sucker for Indian food. ?
175997170,You can see what people look like?
175997171,"Hi all, The last year of my life has seen a steady increase of anxiety. I have been given amitriptyline and Cymbalta as meds to help with the anxiety and to help settle my IBS. My dr said my IBS is caused by stress and anxiety. I would love any opinion about what works best for you medication wise for anxiety. I go outside everyday and walk which clears my head. I know its good exercise and it helps my anxiety. I don't have to tell anyone here all the stresses in the world today. I will soon be having cancer surgery as the ban has been lifted in my state for surgery. My wife and I stay busy making masks for the medical community which is good therapy also. The older I get the more I stress about life. God bless you all. ThanksPost Edited (oceanfisher58) : 5/2/2020 4:21:00 PM (GMT-6)"
175997172,showered and painted my nails
175997173,"When I get psychotic, I usually start believing there are infrared cameras in my walls, smoke detectors, and that neighbors are all agents attacking me. I also receive special messages from movies meant just for me. That said, I also have been harassed by the police. Recorded them illegally searching the apt. with hidden iphone. Gave to lawyer."
175997174,My sister came over to visit. It was really nice. And she said my apartment looks really good and also very clean. Relieved to hear that
175997175,"Yes, took all meds as prescribed."
175997176,Wonder if _NAME_ is okay?
175997177,"Hi _PERSON_, I hope things get better. I get migraines with weather changes. Headaches are the worst. Been cold here but a milder winter at this time. Not windy as it was. I look forward to a good week. Especially weather wise. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175997178,Yeah took one tonight
175997179,Manic street preachers - If you tolerate this YouTube
175997180,When I got my wisdom teeth out they told me to take Advil.
175997181,"Yeah I might as well do that soon. I don't think I'll ever be sane again after knowing what I know. I'm sorry guys. I feel like I've let you all down to have lost touch. But on this side it's ok - I understand music better. Just as long as I'm not paranoid, it's ok. I feel fear, sadness, happiness. I shouldn't identify with intelligence just because people have told me that I was smart all my life. I'm just gonna let go. I'm safe, everything is ok. I might have been in a mind state where I was so sane and everyone else knew the meaning that I know now. Life is beautiful - sad, etc.. It's just life. _PERSON_: ""I'm still beathing - I'm alive""."
175997182,I basically still don't know what to do with my time. Especially on Sundays. I mean I worked some today. I see it as an opportunity now. That I have a lot of time. But I get bored easily.
175997183,"Checking in, sir? Checking in, sir? Checking in, sir? Checking in, sir? Checking in, sir? I can't get it out of my mind! But other than that, I'm enjoying the morning so far. lol"
175997184,"That is interesting SC. I didn't realize that about cortisol. Makes perfect sense now. Thanks for sharing... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175997185,Hi _NAME_ Good tip about the pillow I will give that a go. Hope you find something that helps for your dog. _PERSON_
175997186,I’ve been having aniexty never had to deal with this before. How can I control li
175997187,"Rest and relaxation is important! I hope u can implement breaks during painting next time, once u recover from the stomach and back pain you have endured."
174398131,"Antipsychotics cause antagonism of a lot of receptors in the brain. This leads to less neuroplasticity. Agonism of especially serotonin (5HT)2A receptors causes neurogenesis because the brain is connecting more (Psychedelics or natural schizophrenia). The product of schizophrenia however is that it all regulates glutamate (Negative symptoms) and dopamine (Positive symptoms). Remember, serotonin is the happy chemical. If you need to be on a really high dose of antipsychotic, short term is best because antipsychotics cause brain entropy and loss of grey matter (Whatever that means. Maybe negative symptoms of schizophrenia cause the same thing because you're less motivated to do things due to lack of pleasure from too much dopamine). But eventually you lower it down to a dose where you can manage side effects and keep you on a stable level to prevent too much loss of brain connectivity. I am no expert. And you may chose to ignore me because I don't even know anything. I'm just doing what I think is ri
ght for my brain and what a psychiatrists goal is (I think..)"
175997188,"The first psychiatric medication I went on back in the day was Zoloft. And for a few days, I think it made me a bit manic, sort of like having too much caffeine."
175997189,"It seems like you’re bouncing from the frying pan to the fire and both things suck. Not good being off olanzapine, not good being on, but which is worse?"
175997190,"I'm so hungry, not sure why"
175997191,"? Thanks for the Benadryl reminder _AT_MENTION_ I fell asleep in about 20 minutes and slept through the night. Even woke up feeling somewhat motivated! Of course I am now ready for a nap but I have to call a customer in 45 minutes. Boo ? I am SO hungry. I have like nothing good to eat. I just had cinnamon French toast w/homemade maple syrup. But only 2 pieces and I’m still hungry ? Nothing at all going on today. Just that call at 1. My husband is going to his aunts so it’s me , my daughter, and my sick son. What’s everyone up to? Hope you all have a good day!"
175997192,Thursday morning is the appointment at my college. I'll also set up a date for my case manager to take me to DSS so I can sign up again for heating and electricity assistance. It was extremely helpful last year
175997193,I’m trying to be more open with my thoughts and feelings. I have distrust for some people still but I’m pretty open to a lot of people.
175997194,I feel like people at work hate me and are talking behind my back conspiring against me.
175997195,"Try an MAOI. SSRIs used to work for me until they didn't. I tried many of them plus Lamictal, Abilify, etc. Nardil finally helped end the terribleness of the anxiety and panic. The dietary restrictions are not as ridiculous as they are typically written to be. Many psychiatrists are neither trained nor experienced with this class of drug. That is a darn shame."
175997196,"Hi _NAME_, Wow I am sorry that this happened to you. It sounds like a scary experience to go through. I would say this does sound extreme, and if you have not talked to your doctor about these episodes yet, you would certainly benefit from having that conversation, to see is there is anything that can be done to help eliminate these sleep disturbances. I have had vivid dreams, and hypnic jerk type of moments and even 2 episodes of sleep paralysis, but not what you describe. I would say it would be in your best interest to possibly get a referral for a sleep study, so that you don't have any further injuries. Let us know what you doctor says and how we can keep you in support! S.C."
175997197,Glad you’re feeling better ?
175997198,My sister said my Legend planner was delivered. Still waiting on my Yoga set. Once that comes she'll drop everything off
175997200,He said he collected SSI for ADHD/ADD but the way he's acting i wouldn't be surprise he had something else too;
175997201,"I had to vape the tank full of old juice before the fruity menthol, so most of the break I just had a mediocre vape. But when I did fill it up with my new juice, it was incredibly good! Now I'm going to obsess over the afternoon vape. I can't wait! And they did flip the two groups. Everyone who was in group one got switched to group two, and the group 2s got flipped to group one. I guess they're trying to be fair but I was in group 2 for three years and now I'm back again. It will be easier to cope with the time difference if they stop flipping us. The person who is involved in the vape breaks is more ambitious than anyone else. I don't care. All I want is my vape. I will put up with anything."
175997202,I dont think ive ever related to a post more. I feel like im suffocating and everyone around me just watches. Im constantly working to make ends meet and because I work to live I dont have enough time for school. Im also a minority and adopted into a white that completely disregards my needs. I feel like I suck at my job and Im dissappointing everyone even myself. I cant make it through without crying multiple times to the point Im hardly getting anything done. I quit wearing makeup a year ago because theres no point for it to come right back off. Oh and I dont have an appetite for anything anymore. I dont have the answers but I can share that youre not alone. Literally until now I thought I was the only one feeling this way. Somedays I cant find the strength to get out of bed and the moment I wake my mind races with a million thoughts. Then circulates the same 5. Ive found taking 5 or 10 minutes a day dedicated to feeling miserable has helped me throughout my days. Only slightly.. ever so slightly 
but anything is better than nothing.
175997203,I was struggling a lot this morning and earlier this afternoon. I'm feeling a tad bit better now. I got a nice email from my boss so that was kind of nice. And only one hour left of work and then it is the weekend!
175997204,Dealing with my psychiatrist is like pulling teeth: he never wants to do what I want him to do. I am just peeved about that. That is all.
175997205,demons and spirits wont leave me alone. The voices outside and inside. The demons... my demons. It doesn't stop.
175997206,"I took my one prescribed med, but none of the supplements yet."
175997207,Ooh what kind of pizza?
175997208,Just drinking some Iced Tea right now.
175997209,no. not today
175997210,Lil bub died and idk what to do anymore.
175997211,https://openworks.wooster.edu/cgi/vi...dependentstudy
175997212,"I have been on high alert for about 2 weeks now, but I feel I am coping pretty well. I am jumpy that is for sure, but other than that I am doing good in the mental department. My pain is another story for sure. Stay safe and hope all is well."
175997213,I find talking to people helpful... I miss talking to my mom... I'm at my moms. I miss my friends who ghosted me. I miss my relatives who's passed away and family I ended up had to ghost as well.
175997214,"At least you finally remembered, right? I missed calling my mother today because I was confused by everything."
175997215,I feel like I’m a shyt writer. I don’t feel confident about my writing at all lately. But I did get a compliment on my writing from someone at work today.
175997216,"Human changes. Sometimes for the better sometimes for the worse. Am I a naive when I want a long lasting relationship with people? I don’t like the idea of people come and go in my life. It makes me feel insecure. I need a solid ground that I can stand on. True friends are like diamonds they say, precious and hard to find. At the same time I don’t want people who are stagnant, I want them to keep improving themselves, just like what I’m trying to do with myself. I want their personality to keep growing but I want their heart to stay the same. But this world is a chaos, not everyone can be trusted to love you until the end. It hurt me when they left, the ones that I invested all my feelings on. _PERSON_ thoughts in the middle of anxiety"
175997217,"World bi polar day is on our footstep. Hope we all stand proud, i sure am. It is a tough disorder, however many creative positives flow through us. It is the 30th of March. Together we promote understanding and together we will push forwards towards wellness. Just concluded a genetics of bi polar study, my bit. 3 modules, saliva sample. Keep strong. HT More On Chronic Illness Coffee And Parkinson's Disease Journey To Self-Care: Behavior And Chronic Illness"
175997218,"_PERSON_ so I got 6 and spent 24 dollars. Good thing is I had said I wouldn’t spend over 25! I have prime. So, free shipping. Oh! And they are handpicked! So it’s a total surprise what I’m getting!"
175997219,I know U were trying to help. I’m sorry.
175997220,Bowl of frosting.....
175997221,This is what it says about geodon
175997222,"Good morning, didn't get to sleep till about 1am. Gotta face my anxiety and go out for a walk today and out to sit at the benches around the apartment complex. It's a bright sunny day"
175997223,"She doesn’t know what shes talking about and if I were you I would put in a complaint with the organisation she works for. She doesn’t have the authority to diagnose you, which has in turn made you question yourself. (I’m assuming its a woman but I guess it could be a he too)."
175997224,"I'll look at it at some point, not today."
175997225,"I felt nauseous while I was driving. But my anxiety is so high. Like really high. Cuz of my mom. I'm still scared for her. I noticed I was a bit more paranoid than usual. It was coming in waves, but I got through it. On my way home I started to feel better. I may need something else for my anxiety. The gabapentin I guess works. Idk I dont ever really take it, because sometimes it makes me feel high and I dont like that."
175997226,Had my appt over the phone
175997227,I'm kinda upset that Minekos Night Market doesnt even have a release date despite the company postponing the game for a whole year. It was supposed to come out early 2019. And they have updated their social media since 2018.
175997228,"Spot on. Some can become hypomanic, rapid cycle and days of mixed moods....me! And magor depressive crashes coming down from extensive mania and or psychosis. Aggitation is there. Some good n bad days. I feel it come on...mental health warrior these days. Sometimes more depressive other days people say geez _NAME_ wouldn't have lnown you live with bi polar. For me i broke the suffering tag and use it advocating to live with it. Very creative people live with a bi polar disorder. I use it to my adv when i can. My best poetry comes out with a little mania....actually i function a little more better with some! The tool box is important. Ya go to. Shrink...gp lifeline suicide help line and ya home remedies...i use first. Air guitar with metal playing and singing loud. Burn incense and breathing techniques and others. What works for each individual. Cold water on head helps me with chaotic thoughts. Distraction is everything to keep stinking thinking chaos at bay. Mood journals are good and for ya shrin
k... Meditation and mindfulness is awesome and universally accepted as benefical. I have advised med students of this. Australia has just conducted good trials on mangosteen. We lucky to have the no 1 bi polar expert at deakin uni prof berk and the mood and food program as well. Microbiom healthy of the gut is essential. See prof jacka at deakin University mood food programs. Waurn ponds campus. I use a dead cell scavanger snd showing great efficacy and trialled by prof berk and team nac. N- acytel cysteine. 3 key factors. A shrink trained in mood disorders.... A good gp And medication. Tell people straight up i live with bi polar...sorts it out quick. Live with it and not suffer with it. Keep strong. HT"
175997229,"Well I guess it's official, I'm not in reality anymore"
175997230,Spent over an hour out in the sun listening to a podcast - Good time.
175997231,Maybe not. In Italy when the hospitals were full people were still out and about. COVID look like it only kills 0.6% of people who get it. And if you have no risk factors like age it may be much lower. Sweden is letting people stay out and only isolating people at high risk. ‘Stay-at-Home’ Order Stuns Italians as Some Question Enforcement https://www.voanews.com/science-health/ ... nforcement
175997232,Thank you _PERSON_!
175997233,"Now that everything is slowly coming together, like my dental and back appointments, and moving, I'm not feeling as stressed. Everything has a date. It's all on my calendar. It's when things are up in the air, and pushed on me, is when I get frantic. My anxiety had been so bad this past 2 weeks."
175997234,"The weather is so nasty here, can’t believe I’ll need to go out later for toilet parts....maybe I should treat myself with McDonald’s or something after the walk. At least there is a nearby hardware store."
175997235,"_PERSON_ the first time he told me he was doing it The second time was xmas eve 2012, they knocked on my door. I didnt know they had been called. But to be fair I was really out of my mind and honestly was a danger. So I dont blame my t for doing it, he saved my life, even tho I got shackled by my ankles and handcuffed, and spent Christmas that year in a psych ward!!! I was non compliant with my medication, more of it went down the toilet than in my stomach. That was the hospitilization I was put on an injection"
175997236,"I'm so glad to hear you're feeling well and that's awesome about the gift card, Starbucks and lunch!"
175997237,"Yes, just did with the new double shower head. Fantastic!"
175997238,"Yes, and washed my hair."
175997239,I'm hoping sleeping will help. And when the holiday is over it will be better too.
175997240,Sorry to hear desoxyn....I’ll check out your blog later on.....
175997241,"Just _NAME_ for a bit Attached Images IMG_2922.jpg (279.4 KB, 11 views)"
175997242,Super healthy!!!
175997243,...Dallas County just got put on lockdown. I’m two counties away and my dad is in the county next door. My mom is in Dallas county. _PERSON_ friends live in Dallas county. Some of them. His family in the same county as my dad. I’m overrun with anxiety right now.
175997244,"I for once have no grad school on Saturdays and it feels, well, weird. Hmmm."
175997245,"My coworker sent me a Christmas gift! I didn't want to open it because I don't have much under the tree but she said she wanted me to. It's a little glass lighted Christmas tree. Except you can't see the lights lit real well with the lights on in my office so I turned the lights out and now it is much better. I'll enclose a picture too. Attached Images glass tree.jpg (383.2 KB, 8 views)"
175997246,"Thanks unaluna. I don't want to go to the hospital, that is for sure. What I did on Sunday when I was having a similar problem was I put a lidocaine patch on it and used a heating pad and it made the hurting part go away. There's not much I can do at work for it, although I could try putting ice on it to see if it relieves the pain, other than that, I just have some cream right now with me that has some lidocaine in it. It might soothe things enough where it isn't hurting. I don't know if I can focus on something else but I think I need to. I think I need to get distracted from it."
175997247,I've completely given up. I'm hopeless.
175997248,"My teen doesn’t like to hug her mom, family or anyone for that matter. I thought maybe it was just feeling awkward because she’s a teen, but I don’t think so. It’s been like this for years. She says she doesn’t like to hug. Also, forget even trying to kiss her on the cheek or even top of her head."
175997249,not doing great i wish i was but i'm not i had a mental breakdown at 3 this mooring
175997250,"So here’s my story . I’m 32 married with 3 little boys seems like a good start to a happy story right ? I wish I could say yes but it’s not . My wife has been diagnosed with over compulsive personality disorder and that has weighed on me for the last 3 years . As supporting as I can be I’m extremely not happy , between fights name calling, feeling like I’m a punching bag and really no connection or love of any kind. I’m thinking highly of divorce . To add to this 9 years ago I met a wonderful women who’s been a very close friend but I always harbored stronger feelings and put them off thinking there was no chance in hell that I could ever be her . As time passed she met a co worker of mine and they became engaged . However things are not so grand there as she has called off the engagement but because of financial problems she remains with him until she can figure out a solution that works . Last week I finally let loose of 9 years of feelings . She was more than open and feelings flow
ed back . After a lot of texting back and forth and still talks of the future I’m certain age who I was meant to be with . My fear and anxiety stuck last night pretty hard . She got 2 daughters who don’t know anything’s going on and she doesn’t want them to till later . So I came over for New Year’s Eve had a really good time with her kids and another friend . Night ended not even a hug which just sent my brain into hurt mode and is still off and on there . We texted that things will get to a point where it isn’t a secret just my brain is in emotional and physical want for her."
175997251,Do you put the bottles upside down so you know you took them? That's a good idea!
175997252,Finally upgraded to gold pickaxe to get rid of those purple ores on the farm.....
175997253,I'm switching between sleeping a lot and not sleeping at all
175997254,I took a new mask from a box on the nurse's desk. I'm in danger of legionnaire's disease from my old one which I've been using for a month. Maybe I'll nap. Stomach cramps. :/
175997255,a professional fishing shirt for my grandson. He is on a college bass team and his high school bass team and has qualified for nationals after placing in the state tournament. yeah i am proud! tams
175997256,Yeah it does. I usually don't pay that much attention then all the sudden I realize I've spent the day getting angry over stupid things like noises and feeling frustrated/pissed off and not knowing why lol Made some chamomile tea
175997257,Dehydration is a big one. Not enough water. Yep brain fog I too get the tingling. Water. HT
175997258,"Had a berry spinach vanilla protein smoothie earlier for breakfast. Lunch will be yogurt, French fries and fruit."
175997259,"Good morning, I haven't logged into this account in years, but I'm back. I'm feeling a little paranoid right now and can't get rid of it."
175997260,"That is true. Thanks. I feel like my uncle is sabotaging my efforts to be good with my current psychiatrist. Cause he's like ""I'll get you into this other practice (the one in which he sees a psychiatrist)."" My uncle is well-intentioned, and thinks I'm on too many meds at too high of dosages, but ****. What if I need those dosages?"
175997261,"If I played video games like he did he’s be upset and if I refused to make food. But He says “well I work all week” (not including this week). But I don’t play video games. He said once me doing finances all day doesn’t really count towards what I do to help around the house. I mean I get he mops and takes out trash, the dogs, and picks up dog poop and throw up. But I feel like he forgets the actual stuff to take care of the house. The finances, and work involved to KEEP the place. Ugh. I filled out the application for him for the home loan. He wasn’t involved in filling it out. He played video games the whole time. Signed his name. Which I’m some respects I don’t mind, but don’t tell me the shyt I do dont count. Unless u wanna lose the apt/house and be evicted and a bunch of other stuff. I have a bit of sympathy that he doesn’t understand finances/credit/loans etc but that shyt counts, ok! I offered to take it on and I did that all day today. That’s why it made me upset and s
till does when these men like the one from the mobile home place only talks to him. _PERSON_ doesn’t understand a *******t thing. I orchestrated ALLLLLL OF THIS. Who tf u think u gonna ignore?"
175997262,Don’t drink with ambien!
175997263,I don't get sharp pains in my ear but I do get short temporary memory loss sometimes. It doesn't last long. It's annoying.
175997264,"Got you beat, I haven't showered since Sunday."
175997265,"I mean sometimes I just have a need to get OUT. Especially when manic or psychotic. I get restless and need a break from whatever Im doing. For me though, no one much cares where I go so it isnt something where I immediately identify with “disappearing for long periods of time”, though I do suppose that thats what is happening."
175997266,"Control Societies with Sacrificial Characteristics - OUTSIDER THEORY This is a really insightful look at what strategies lay within the general and very common dynamics of 'voices' themselves as an entity as if it were, what I want you to realize is the very real nature of this preying beast. You can see its methodology with other nonrelated issues, Cyber Mobbing, Twitter Storming, Workplace Mobbing, modern neo quasi debate politics, modern-day which hunts via Snapchat vigilante groups, Cold war secret Police Stasi, Zersetzung, White-Glove, Revenge porn & Molka, Bullying and Witchcraft as in Hexxing. All involve Scapegoating and the baying Mob in order for it to carry out its reprisals upon the indeed. This is an extract from the above article. The more apocalyptic opponents of these trends charge that they will lead to civilizational collapse, as “mob justice” overtakes the rule of law. An alternative, more cynical view is that they will (unintentionally) contribute to developments that have a
lready been in the process of obsolescing the legal system, as advanced technologies automate aspects of the judicial and law enforcement apparatus. For example, the drive to abolish policing may help enable its replacement with privatized surveillance systems, a trend already underway in some places. Rather than a descent into chaos, then, the end result may be more sophisticated mechanisms of control."
175997267,"Thank you!!! Honestly _NAME_ I’ve suffered with these back problems since I was 14 yrs old. So 30 years. *if* it’s a tear or an actual rupture it could take months to feel better. Anytime I’ve ruptured I’ve had to take a round of steroids, pain meds, and muscle relaxers. If it’s just bulging it could get better at any time. God forbid it’s hitting a nerve (like your sciatica) it could take months again. During delivery of my daughter I bulged a disk into my sciatic nerve and had to sleep with 1 leg elevated for 9 months. I would complain to the nurses until a doc checked me over. You should probably at the very least have a round of steroids or even better...a patch. Thinking of you and hoping you can get some relief."
175997268,"Medications, Blue Bird! Medications! My therapist said that my psychiatrist isn't seeing patients through teleconferencing anymore. She was my psychiatrist from the psych ward.. So I'm gonna have to get a new psychiatrist. I'm just gonna talk to her one last time to make sure that my meds stay the same. My meds are perfect right now and I dont need them to change. Also, my therapist said that I don't seem like the type of person that was ever depressed. It's crazy what psychedelics can do..."
174398247,"I am tired again and was stressed out. I feel better after sleeping the whole morning. I got a partial complaint from one of my students who said he likes talking to me but I go too fast through the materials. He speaks quite well and I believe he lacks confidence. I need to encourage him more and address his concerns. Otherwise, I am doing fine. I earned twice this month than last month but still don't make that much money. I'm the working poor. I feel ok as long as I can work I will. I was so stressed out from my schedule that I wanted to just give it up but realized going home is not an option anymore. I have to stick it out here. I like this job but the review system is annoying. They put more emphasis on the customer's reviews rather than if the customer is really learning or not. I realize it is a for-profit company though. So, such is life!! I will be fine. I am tired all of the time though and believe it is from my medication. I really don't know how it would be if I took more medications. 
I guess, I would be sleeping all of the time."
175997269,I'm feeling bored.
175997270,I'm sort of panicking. Reality is broken. I'll take a clonazepam and try to sleep soon.
175997271,I'm not sure how we are gonna move at this point. I really dont.
175997272,have my sister's four youngest kids for one more day then we take them back tomorrow. my sister is going to meet us halfway.
174398236,"But just negative symptoms I hate with a passion. Why me? Then I think to myself.. I'll try to overcome it but I want to be better than that. I believe my depression was a result of my situation. Very situational depression from abuse and living in the middle of nowhere which is a good thing for me because I know what it's like to be in literal hell and feel so bad that I impulsively overdose or want to walk in front of a truck. No one ever told me what to do with my life. Ever. The 200mg caffeine woke me up a little bit. I feel slightly better. I'm trying to better myself so much but there's so many directions that I can go and people think that it's stupid to follow inspirational people and successful people like even many people in my family has become successful rich people and there's people that hate successful people. I look up to them. A lot of them are sociopaths but a lot aren't. Not the people in my family. I wrote down things that are important but not things that I want to do because I
'm so bad at setting goals. I don't want a bf or gf. Maybe because I know that I need to put other things first. It's about discipline. But negative symptoms are like a **** move that a possible existing God has made because otherwise I'd be way too powerful. I wrote things in no particular order like being creative and thinking outside the box, being myself, understanding myself and changing, learning from my mistakes to become a better person. Friends and family are important, experiencing life, not taking things so seriously and having a laugh, helping people or doing something for the world, challenges that don’t involve tiredness and lack of motivation, talking to people, being appreciated for overcoming struggles and not dwelling on them, going to school, having hobbies of variation and finding something that I like, spirituality, philosophy. It's important for me to feel that comfort is earned so I don’t feel the opposite of entitled and able to take compliments because I’m modest. To know what I 
want to do, travelling places.. idk.."
175997273,Good question !!!! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
175997274,"Yes, I did ready your sorry all the way and thanks for sharing. As a daughter, niece, sister & cousins of military men I can say that severing in the military has a way of changing people. When they recruit you they only share the positive things with you and not the con like the side effects it can have you. When my uncle came home & stayed with us I used to be scared cause he would wake up ranting and screaming and I felt like he wouldn’t remember I was his niece and would think I was the enemy and try to kill me. The wars really changed him all of things he seen or had to do while over there left him scared for life. It also left him with gangrene & agent orange (think that’s what they call it) and that’s on top of depression, alcoholism & PTSD. My uncle in my opinion was set up for failure cause there’s really nothing that prepares one for all that. So please learn to forgive yourself & don’t feel like a failure because I’m sure your family is very proud of you and love you just as 
my family was of my uncle."
175997275,Attorneys _PERSON_ & _NAME_ - YouTube please give this a listen.
175997276,I hope it goes well _AT_MENTION_
175997277,Some kid just rang my doorbell and ran off.
175997278,"Thanks for asking SK I'm okay, woke up and started cleaning some. Which is good because I've been struggling with cleaning for a very long time now. I took my regular dose of thorazine last night so I'm pretty tired today. Part of it is since I'm out of coffee, I usually rely on caffeine to get me through the drowsiness. What I'm trying to do is make cleaning fun, like to listen to music while I do it and pretend it's a videogame where I have to pass each level (cleaning the stove, sweeping, vacuuming, etc..)"
175997279,"What is the best way to fight with hallucinations and delusions? My T always says to talk back to them which I don't really do because often if I am having them at work or something I don't want to be that crazy chick who talks to herself. I try to get distracted and that really does seem to be one of the best ways to fight it. Pastor _PERSON_ says to fight it with faith but that's where I think he is a quack. If it was something that could be cured by faith I think it would have been already. Not that it couldn't be because you know miracles happen, I just don't think it's going to happen in this case. It can be hard to get distracted at work if I am not busy and that's the hard thing."
175997280,I wonder if there are any other benzos I could take PRN for anxiety. I've been on klonopin (up to 2mg) xanax (up to 1mg) and valium (up to 15mg) my psychiatrist doesn't like to prescribe ativan i would just like something to take when I panic
175997281,Idk what the better option is. Stay on my current meds and deal with the anxiety around taking them or getting them changed to an injection med again.
175997282,"_AT_MENTION_-your post reminded me i have wet laundry in the washer. I better go rewash it, but i have to go do it. Also i have stuff in the dryer, and stuff in the ""clean"" hamper to be put away. Laundry always goes to the lowest possible position when I'm low. Is there any possible vaguely acceptable thing to cover my wife with? Myself? Yes? Then to heck with it."
175997283,"Hi, jacobmkipp Welcome. I hope you find the support you need here."
175997284,Yummer!!!!
175997285,"I played some Pokemon Sword today, still just working on completing my Pokedex, I'v caught 134 so far, got a long way to go. Also, I started taking my Pokeball Plus on walks with me lately"
175997286,Oh thank god One less thing to worry now
175997287,"Oh an fiancé finally put my whiteboard up. So I’ll start using it for a web, as a list, and just putting different things I’m doing up there. And then I can go and cross it out as I’m finished and just write something else. Etc"
175997288,"Even now just getting started I can already tell crocheting is going to be great for my anxiety, it helps a lot"
175997289,"I am 28 years old and I’ve battled with depression and anxiety for as long as I can remember. I have been on numerous medications and they work for a while then they don’t. Over the past month I have had panic/anxiety attacks on a daily basis. My stomach has been rolling so much from my anxiety I can’t even eat and I’m at the point where I can’t even fall asleep(a problem I’ve never had) because my brain won’t turn off. It is now effecting my job to where I can’t make it through the day without crying. I’ve been lucky enough to be able to work half days or not at all. On the flip side of that, that increases my anxiety because I’m worried about what people are saying/thinking at work about me. I try to remind myself I need time to focus on me and that’s okay and screw anybody who doesn’t understand. Doesn’t usually work for long. I am just so sick and tired of anxiety and depression. Why won’t this ever go away?? Why me?? Why did I have to be so “lucky “ to get this. 
When will I finally be able to breathe? Will I ever be “normal”? I do have a support system at home but I try not to go to my parents because I don’t want to put my problems on them anymore. My boyfriend doesn’t understand anxiety/depression (even though he tries)and is most likely a big cause of the way I’m feeling. I don’t have many friends because my anxiety has pushed them away, so I don’t really have anybody to talk to who understands what I’m feeling and going through. Why is it so hard for people to understand this is a real thing people go though and it is debilitating. Does anybody else go through this?"
175997290,"Toxic people? I keep thinking about the soldiers and crypto investor. I can't get them out of my mind. Now everyone that I don't know, I feel like they are going to do the same thing to me. It's like a form of trauma."
175997291,"Even several cups of coffee now doesn’t give me panic attacks anymore All in all I’m doing a lot better on the mix of meds I’m on. No major highs or lows anymore, mood swings aren’t happening now, my paranoia/delusions and hallucinations are gone, no Possible trigger: suicidal thoughts anymore. I feel really good."
175997292,"Great I just had an optical migraine....going to be hard to drive if I can’t see. Seems to have passed though, it’s just gotta be stress."
175997293,"I think you have to be positive about this. The resources on this forum, at the top of the list of people who have posted problems, stresses the importance of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy or CBT. In that, you need a positive attitude for this and any other problem. Along this line, I've read that, if going into a problem, you believe you can solve it, you greatly increase your chances that you can. That's impossible. I've learned that no it's not. Going into a problem, I now tell myself, over and over, ""Think positive, think positive, think positive"" before I even think about the problem. This drives out any unconscious negative, which I can't see, because it's in my unconscious. It also opens up my mind, conscious and unconscious, to look for solutions, not to look for defeat, if I have a negative attitude. Your conscious gives the command, your unconscious follows. Only then do you think of the problem: How can I get out of this? Step one, come up with a plan: What am I going to do? Where am I 
going to live? Do I have a job so I can afford to get an apartment? Pay for food, etc? Again, do I have a job? Do I have people at work, or outside of work, who could help me if I need some help? As opposed to, well, she did throw a chair at me last night, but I'm going to take it and doing nothing about it. Know that you have a choice. You can get out of this situation. If you're 27 and she's 41, you may feel overwhelmed. She may be a mother figure to you, and you can't overcome your mother as a child. But she's not your mother, and you're not her little boy. You're an adult with a job, you can get out of this. I know about negative attitudes because I had one for about 50 years. I was my biggest enemy. I hurt people and myself because I could not solve a problem in a positive way; I had to solve it half positive for my conscious mind, and half negative for my negative unconscious mind. I could get out of a gas-filled building, but I had to dive through a window and cut myself, rather than open a door and wa
lking out. Are you generally optimistic?"
175997294,So sorry newtus.
175997295,I really should try to sleep. If I can’t sleep I’ll just stare at the wall again.
175997296,"Well I am thinking that when you think that someone is an asshole, after a deep and long knowledge, it's usually because he IS an asshole. And I am thinking that when you broke contacts with someone, it's usually because the relationship didn't work. And when you contact three assholes again, after that contacts were broken because they are assholes, and because the relationships didn't work, and all that within two days only... well you don't discover three assholes... but four."
175997297,"Sounds like a good idea to me, I've actually never had that kind. Whenever I get _NAME_ and Jerries I always go for their chocolate Fudge Brownie kind or boom chocolate cookie core"
175997298,"Last time I was this quick with ideas I became manic, because of the racing ideas that are hard to stop. Intersting how that can happen right? The character im trying to stir in my mind is almost manicly happy, with the absurd."
175997299,That sounds absolutely beautiful.
175997300,I hear an owl
175997301,That's great you went to the pharmacy SP!
175997302,I did something bad... I ate a whole thing of beans And It stinks in here
175997303,"Medved, I am taking what I have normally taken in the past which is 5mg. _NAME_, how do you like lexapro so far? How long have you been on it? I have heard lexapro being fast acting and praying that it works the same as all the other times. I try taking naps and I can’t! I can feel the anxiety creeping in while napping sneaky anxiety. And I also feel the heart palpitations."
175997304,Me and my psych talked about test anxiety the other day. I just have to remember to remain calm and remember that I chose to put myself through university and everything will be okay. I know what I’m doing.
175997305,"Yes, I took my morning meds. I will take my supplements and night meds tonight."
175997306,"Well it's official, my phone finally died. I don't know if I'm pissed or glad. On one hand I need to upgrade anyway since mine is so old but on the other hand it's expensive to upgrade. And I need to do it soon because I have to have access to a phone for my appointments with my therapist and psychiatrist"
175997307,The pebble cure....
175997308,Wish the voices would shut up
175997309,Lol I say _PERSON_
174398294,I need to get an electric mixer. There's so much you can do with them
175997310,"Maybe don't listen to everything your Mom says _AT_MENTION_ I don't mean be disrespectful, just don't take everything in that she says. My Mom has bipolar and she tends to be really irritable and crabby (I don't think her meds are totally right though she is way better with the meds that she is on then without meds at all) and she tends to be pretty nit-picky with me. I try to just let it slide off my back and not get stuck in my head. Life is too short."
175997311,I think September is my favourite month
175997312,Can you take the day off ?
175997313,_PERSON_ has them where I live. It’s year round or sweet potato pie taste just like it. You can also make it yourself... buy pumpkin in a can... get pie shells and mix in the ingredients into the pumpkin... there’s a lot of good recipes online to try out. It’s not hard to make... then again I don’t mind baking.
175997314,Apparently mouse ? in Spanish is ratton...sounds worse than it is....
175997315,It's gross but I've only been showering once a week lately. I haven't felt the need to do more I feel like I'm too busy too many things to do I don't need to shower it's a waste of time.
175997316,"I would like to get some homework done, but I don't know where to start. There's just so much that has been piling up lately."
175997317,Nervous about the meeting at my college later
175997318,I wanna get high and a little * up...
175997319,"I think the metformin must be helping, along with your changes in diet....."
175997320,-Aromatherapy oil for my mist diffuser -Chocolate protein powder -Body composition scale Am I a ‘New Year New Me’ cliche? Haha
175997321,"My cat owns me and many of my books, my phone, etc. lol."
175997322,"I’m sorry you’re struggling WastingAsparagus, I don’t have any advice just wanted to say we’re all here for you"
175997323,Take it easy! Don’t push yourself too hard. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175997324,"Paranoid today, i skipped php yesterday, gotta go tomorrow. My head is open"
175997325,"Depends. I know haldol isn’t right for me in this phase of life anymore. Maybe this dose is VRAYLAR is right idk. I was actually doing fine for about a week and since last night happened and was intense between fiancé and I, and he’s not well today, I feel stress. But yes I need the dose when I’m stressed. But I also have this ativan but it’s temporary med addition. Sooo I might just stay on this dose or take it in the morning on a lower dose. I mean after taking it at night and 12 or so hours later, yes it’s gonna wear off. So I need it in the morning for sure. I’ve tried all other meds with no help avail. I need to talk to my doctor about lowering the med and keep taking it in the morning. Based on what he says I’m sure we will figure it out. But I’m not functioning daily due to the double dosage of it."
175997326,That’s awesome!
175997327,Played _PERSON_ for awhile
175997328,Is this from a while ago?
175997329,"Sorry, newtus."
175997330,_PERSON_ & _NAME_ - It Ain't Me
175997331,"An interesting talk, into the current generation which is swamped within a landscape of fake news, identity theft, and open gaslighting as politics, news, cyberculture, shame culture, and gang stalking. Here is the link Gaslighting in Government - YouTube"
175997332,"This has the same effect on me as poor-grade cocaine. So, if you see me with my head in a pond trying to get an ear infection, you know why."
175997333,"Feeling really bad mentally. I keep thinking negative things about myself. My appearance, my weight, my being out of shape, my teeth being messed up from bulimia and have zero social skills whatsoever, don’t know how to make friends. Just really low self esteem right now."
175997334,"alright I'll try to engage with this thread semi-seriously by posting about this, and correct me if I'm wrong here, you hope to motivate people to action against the coronavirus lockdown because, in your view, it is an extension of ruling class tyranny so why post about it here, of all places?"
175997335,I read where WV was knocking it out of the park on vaccinations to the nursing homes and assisted living. That’s awesome. Glad to hear you got yours. It’s such a relief once it’s over. You will be 95% protected I think. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season
175997336,"FreezingNow........I am so glad you came to us at Inspire! I have read all of your post, and I am amazed at your ability to explain just how you feel. As a result, I want to make you a part of my family, and ask The Lord to help us to un-thaw your dear heart. I believe that I understand what has happened to you, and I see it this way: When your parents divorced it gave you MUCH PAIN, to where you blocked it, and refused to feel it. When we block one kind of emotion...be it pain or joy, we also block the other emotions, and become unable to feel any of them . I believed that when your parents divorced, it knocked your whole foundation out from under you.......it just all crumbled! What is standing there in the ruins, at this point, is The Savior, who is Christ The Lord, with His arms open wide, inviting you to come back to Him...........He did not leave you, He is still there, and waiting for you to turn to Him for restoration. Will that happen over night? No, but He is able to restore you....that i
s where your answer is, that is where your feelings are hidden. Your feelings are not dead...they have been blocked, and they will return."
175997337,Oh yes! Ugh wow.
175997338,Exercised vigorously for 60 min
175997339,Good job!!!!
175997340,Awesome _AT_MENTION_ ! I hope you enjoy your new place
174398315,_AT_MENTION_
175997341,"A 5-10mg Dexedrine would be nice to just sit and relax, read books. I'll ask my psychiatrist to give some for the evening. She likely will. I don't think I'll lower the injection right now. I have a few axons, dendrites and cell bodies of brain cells to spare."
175997342,"Idk what I want for my birthday really. I think in gonna ask my dad for a kindle. So I can read the books on _NAME_. I also am considering getting a kindle book subscription so I can read the whole Amazon library for one monthly price. It's cheap I think idk. Idk what to ask fiance for. And my mom I'm just probably gonna ask for money. Idk yet. I dont want to ask a lot from her. I used to do that but I dont want to anymore. But idk what I want. I need vape stuff, money, clothes, ugh I need shoes too. That's the stuff I need. Other than that, not top much I want. A kindle maybe. For some reason I don't want an iPad. But the kindle's didnt exactly get the best reviews. So idk."
175997343,It definitely sounds like excitement _AT_MENTION_ doesn't sound like mania to me. HUGS Kit
175997344,"About to eat supper and take meds, will probably get sleepy soon after that."
174398316,"I'm making a new blog. I'm need to talk about benzo withdrawal and everything on my mind. Possible trigger: I feel slightly suicidal. I called it ""psychedelicschizophrenia"". I'm not trying to make schizophrenia sound psychedelic but I'm trying to make me psychedelic while having schizophrenia. Just to clear that up. Maybe I should name it something else idk"
175997345,Doing the same thing this morning!
175997346,"It's not a true personality disorder if it can't be described as a long standing pattern of maladaptive behavior and doesn't cause you problems. While most people at some point exhibit traits that are listed as PD criteria, they're not locked into it. There's PD's, and then there's character flaws. And on the bottom of the list is plain old assholism. Look at _PERSON_. He behaves like a histrionic narcissist but he's doing just fine. The doctor who diagnosed me did not go into that, but it sounds right."
175997347,"My problem with new meds is as soon as I take the first dose I assume I'm gonna die, and I freak out, every little side effect is magnified in my mind"
175997348,Yes I did. It was hot water and felt really good.
175997349,Shinedown is a really good band for mental health. The therapist in the psych hospital played one of their songs and other songs before each session. I went to like a couple group therapies every day for 3 months. Then another time every day for 3 months.
175997350,Oh yea I saw. I’ve been going to a in-person shop for a year now. But I was occasionally buying a juice online that is 7 towns over. Not going out of my way to get it tho oh well.
175997351,"One of my cats, _PERSON_, used to do that too, she had an anxiety problem"
175997352,"Tacos ?, pizza ?.....I think you need to combine....taco pizza!"
175997353,"MI seems to run in the families of a lot of my friends, but not mine."
175997354,_PERSON_ party pizza
175997355,Seeing my pdoc tomorrow.
175997356,I’ve learned it best to take your meds! Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175997357,"Sorry for the unlucky introduction. I mentioned a ""European view"" because here in Europe COVID-19 is in a serious stage where some regions got deeply out of control which e.g. hasn't happened yet in the US. Emergency hospitals are built inside trade fair halls, dead people are stored in ice skating stadiums because its so many of them, patients are sleeping on the hospital floor because all beds are occupied ... And I meant ""boring science"" really to be boring in some way, no sarcasm intended (science has its place but it isn't above everything). So, sorry, that came out not so nice, my fault. Or maybe my way of subconsciously pushing people away ? Anyway, back to topic and sorry for my communicative deficits: To your (both of you) questions: - I haven't evidenced anything I saw in the news on my own. I'm living in a small city (200.000 inhabitants) and here 63 people are infected and 1 died. I don't know one of them. So I cannot prove that it is not ""fake news"" I just made the decision to be
lieve some (not all) sources. - The spanish army looked for victims, not literally on the street, but in the streets and found dead people where old people live, inside houses. But they died (probaby of COVID-19) and no one noticed until the army found them."
175997358,One of my fav get out of my head meditations. ?? https://youtu.be/Daw8a35Ul0c
175997359,"A really simple form of meditation is just using your tactile senses. Simply notice how your right hand feels… You don’t have to try to focus or do anything in particular, just notice how it feels. It will start to feel like it is tingling. Now, to help keep your mind engaged, just shift your focus from one finger to the other very slowly. If you wander off and start thinking about something, don’t worry about it. Just notice the sensation of your hand tingling again. There are dozens of different forms of meditation, but this one is very simple and works quite well for grounding You can also notice the feeling of the bottom of your feet, the feeling of the breath going in and out of your nose, whatever feels natural to you"
175997360,"She is but got a new puppy and hasn't had time. I think once things are under control she will be back. Maybe shoot her an email??? I have had a pup too so I know how much time they can take up. Especially a hyper one like mine. I hope you have a good day. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175997361,"I'm out of coffee at the moment. Trying to decide what kind to buy next time I go shopping. Not in terms of flavored, I mean like brand. I'm thinking _USER_ID_ or _PERSON_. Have been drinking Irish breakfast tea"
175997362,"I totally understand. I've been suffering from agoraphobia for a few years, and this situation is not helping! But I am not noticing any big changes in my life, since I don't really leave my home unless I absolutely have to. The only thing that's really different is that my boyfriend is now working from home, and it's so nice to have him around. I have an unused Amazon gift card and I've decided to use it to order craft supplies or other things like that and pick up a new hobby. I might learn needlepoint or something. That is something I can do while watching TV, which has really, really helped me during this. I hope this helps."
175997363,"1. Was he taking your serum levels? For drugs.com said: ""Most individuals display optimal response to oxcarbazepine therapy when serum levels of the metabolite (measured in this assay) are between 3 and 35 mcg/mL. Some individuals may respond well outside of this range, or may display toxicity within the therapeutic range."" 2. As a bipolar, I take Mirtazapine anti-depressant for my depression, and Lithium as a stabilizer which keeps the anti-depressant from throwing me into mania and from having anxiety attacks. I don't see that you are on an anti-depressant. Do you feel you need one? Xanax I've been told is for anxiety. Are you anxious? Do you feel OK being on an anti-anxiety rather than on an anti-depressant? Xanax I've heard is for temporary relief of anxiety, not long-term. Are you OK with being on a medicine that is for short term relief of anxiety, not long-term relief of depression, like my psychiatrist has prescribed for me with Mirtazapine for my depression (and Lithium for my stabilizer
)?"
175997364,My body is pulsating. Namely my head. Not like in a hurting sort of way but like electrical shock way. Happens every 10 min.
174398353,"Hi, I’m _NAME_. 34 years young with Schizophrenia etc."
175997365,"_AT_MENTION_ might know more than me, since they're on the Invega injection, but I believe it does kinda taper out by the end."
175997366,"I gotta try to wake up. I only got today, tomorrow, and the next day to finish this video thing."
175997367,"So is it weird or wrong to often times feel like ""I wish I could go back in time to high school and do things completely different"" - in hopes that maybe my depressing life would've been different; maybe even better?"
175997368,My book is finally ready!
174398354,"I have a doctor's appointment today. My cat is doing well, so I'm glad. I'm just trying to make it through the day."
175997369,Happy almost new year from where I am. Ha.
174398361,Hello has anyone ever heard of EMF broadcasting and Gang Stalking as an alternative explanation for what I and others above have at times actually in real life experienced.
175997370,I’m guessing your weather is a lot better than here.....it’s cold ? remnants from an ice and snow storm are still on the ground.
175997371,YouTube
175997372,"Minor point. I could be wrong, but my impression of _NAME_ is that he wasn't sadistic. He killed first and raped his victims' corpses . He killed his mom first, then decapitated the body. As serial killers go, he seemed pretty considerate."
175997373,Infusion or spray?
175997374,Yup this is a good move too.
174398373,"Hey guys! I wanted to ask for some basic advice. I have a friend (he is sorta a bf) who was paranoid schizophrenia. He has delusions but he can still function and work etc. He sometimes goes on rants about his delusions relating to being a vampire etc. I never really know what to say to him when he talks about this and was wondering what the healthiest thing to say was? Also, he has a really hard time sticking to plans and cancels 90% of the time. Why is this? I just want to make sure I’m helping him out in the best way possible. Thank you for your time and reading"
175997375,"I'm at the point where I just ask for clothes and money, I put em to good use lol."
175997376,Thanks! never had a seizure but if I did it would of been in my sleep. Doctors didn't say anything about risk of seizures
175997377,Swept and mopped my kitchen floor. Tomorrow I'll be vacuuming. Making a vermicelli rice mix for dinner later
175997378,I feel like such a loser.
175997379,"Dear _PERSON_, That sounds absolutely awful... I wonder why the doctor did not put you on an antidepressant that helps with anxiety as well? The racing thoughts and the pulling in the chest are the worst. I can fully relate, after a traumatic incidence end of last year, I started having panic attacks. I had to go to the hospital for one of them, I thought i'd die.... I was given lorazepam and still take very low dose as needed but Im almost off of it. They put me first on Zoloft, as I had taken it in the past. But that did not work for me any longer, going thru menopause as well.... then I did the Genesight test, that gives you results as to what you tolerate the best. Ever since the summer I have been on Pristique 75mg and that seems to work, thought it increases my blood pressure and I am taking a pill to lower that. But as long as my mind is ok and I am functioning, all the rest can be taken care of!! I have also started therapy right after my trauma.... you need meds to stabilize and therapy to 
go along and get to the bottom of things.... Sorry it took you so long to get medicine... they have great therapy options nowadays and you shoul dnot be afraid of trying them out. Believe me there is help. YOu just need to ask for it. Please keep me posted. _NAME_"
175997380,I hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_ I was having visuals yesterday and that wasn't fun. I empathize with you.
175997381,Got off work. Gonna go in town now to pick up ashwagandha and nicotine gum...
175997382,"Hi, I was wondering if anyone else relates to my experience and feelings towards social anxiety. I’ve felt isolated from the rest of my peers my entire life. The best way I can describe the feeling is it’s as if everybody besides me is inside this bubble, they know what to say, how to make friends, and I’m sitting right outside of it not knowing how to get in. I’ve always been incredibly shy, especially at school, which recently has led me to believe I may have had/have selective mutism. Since I’ve always been so shy and actually pretty comfortable being alone I don’t think I have the best social skills and really have no clue how to engage in conversations with almost anyone. It’s just really hit hard recently as my depression is getting worse, which I think developed because of my social anxiety and isolation, and I really feel the affects of my lack of community. Growing up I always wished I lived in one of those neighborhoods you see in the movies where all your friends live right 
on your street and you do stupid shit together all the time. But because I had few friends and am a child of the 21st century I turned to YouTube and have spent endless hours watching videos of people I have never met as a substitute to actual friendships. I get so angry thinking about all the time I’ve wasted on a screen since I was very young, in high school I wasn’t a part of a single club and only did two seasons of sports. I just absolutely isolated myself and now I feel so stuck, because I want to get a job, study in a different country, travel, make friends, but I have zero motivation to make any changes and constantly just wonder what’s the point in doing anything? Anytime I think about doing any of these things I just contemplate what others will think of me and always assume they will hate me. I’m lucky to have two close friends but I worry a lot that they find me annoying even though they’ve assured me they don’t at all. They know I struggle a lot with social anxiety but one doesn’t s
uffer from social anxiety and the other doesn’t have it to my extent so I thought maybe someone on here could relate to me. I’ve never gone to therapy or told my family how much I suffer and am really nervous to do so, I’m really uncomfortable being vulnerable like that with my parents. That was a very long and messy stream of consciousness but I wanted to release some of my thoughts. Thanks to anyone who cares to read or comment."
175997383,my dose is 6mg and I add 900 mg valerian root if needed. works most of the time.
175997384,Went to bed at 7pm after the olanzepine kicked in. Then the Invega kicked in and I didn't even need zopiclone to sleep. I slept all night. Now I feel like I'm mind resting while awake.
175997385,"I know you wont believe me because you didnt got to the point where you fully ""transformed"" Noone and i mean noone can relate to what im saying, because i honestly think we are few whove been through what ive been through. What i meant by my face changed is mostly my eye brows went up up up, almost to my hairline. And my body also. My body stature changed. This makes the same sense to you as mind reading did for us before we got psychosis, aka NADA. When you had your ""psychosis"" you heard ""voices"" right? They told you fd up things, to make you commit suicide, they did the same to me. But! if you wouldve continued getting more and more manic you would eventually ""transform"" like i just described. So you know they hear your thoughts, you know they can see you. How do yo think they can see you?"
175997386,That sounds too good to be true. But it would be nice if it weren't!
175997387,I’ve been feeling kind nauseous...just some bread and butter for me.....
175997388,"Here’s what it looks like, I can’t put it up just yet because it didn’t come with the hooks to do that, so I’ll need to get those somewhere but here it is Attached Images AF6C13E3-12E3-4E60-8E1E-6F647651B27D.jpg (469.6 KB, 0 views)"
175997389,"I've deemed Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays media blackout days in my little kingdom here. So this would explain all of the bleach-drinking memes that have crept in peripherally. Bombing hurricanes. Mainlining disinfectant. Nor surprising. Not troubling. Just tiring. So very tiring. He's become the Carrot Top of politicians. No, he's that stupid. You don't have to be intelligent to be manipulative. Dogs do it. Watch his denial. Note the cadence; the way he bunches up his words, immediately invoking the bad, mean media people. No indication whatsoever of sarcasm. This guy is so simple he's easier to read than a stop sign."
175997390,Hi I have tried many forums but this one is the best. _PERSON_.
175997391,"you're definitely not alone. i wish i could help but as you read im going through the same thing. i will try that method everyday and let you know if it helps, thank you. im always here to talk and even if no one else understands, atleast we have each other"
175997392,"Scheduled my wisdom tooth surgery, it's gonna be this upcoming Tuesday at 9:30AM. Not looking forward to it, but I'm ready to get it over with."
175997393,Cool glad you had fun ?
175997394,Caught up on the roll call. Ya'll wrote a lot this weekend. I read a book called The Woman in the Window by A_NAME_ yesterday. I bought it yesterday and read it cover to cover yesterday which usually never happens thanks to the ADHD and probably AP. It's a good like psychological thriller. I had no idea who did it.
175997395,I take prazosin at bedtime. It helps with nightmares/terrors and flashbacks. I was told that it's the same medicine they give to soldiers with PTSD
175997396,Lemon-lime Gatorade
175997397,I didn't come back again. I think I might have taken everything yesterday. It's too early to have taken anything today. Hopefully I'll be back later & tell you what I did.
175997398,So pretty and so tranquil. I wish I was sitting on a bench with this scene in front of me. thanks for sharing SP! As always you have delighted me and made me happy.
175997399,It’s morning. I just woke up. I’m already stressed out. I’m not gonna be able to pay all my bills this month.
175997400,"Here's some of them Attached Images IMG_2645.jpg (248.5 KB, 13 views)"
175997401,"No, it's not available in my area unfortunately. And also I couldn't even if it was because I'm on foodstamps. You can buy food on amazon with food stamps with items that are SNAP EBT eligible, I got the basic stuff I've been eating. Then I can just use cash to buy fresh eggs and bread from the convenience store down the road later. The only thing about using EBT on amazon is that the stuff that's eligible is only available in large quantities. Like you can't buy a couple packs of something. For example that pudding I got last month was basically a case of it. But it will last me a long time. And you can't buy fresh produce or anything like that. But I bought this super greens replacement drink to get my daily vegetable servings. And I already have some frozen and canned vegetables at home. You can basically only get shelf stable stuff."
175997402,here is reference pic image448×674 76.2 KB
175997403,That sucks. I hope you don’t stop cause you are gifted. But i understand the lack of motivation.
175997404,Doctors visit today though still on forum.
175997405,Usually you get over that attending college away....a lot of people get homesick though.....I’m not sure if you’ve ever gone away but you get used to it.
175997406,"Yea. I will. I need to like, talk to someone."
175997407,"Turkey, green beans, mashed potatoes and gravy"
175997408,"This made me smile :) How wonderful that you are both caring for each other. Animals are incredible, aren’t they?"
175997409,All i really want to do is sit down and play skyrim but I haven't been able to. This weekend I think I can though. It's such a great game.
175997410,"I'm glad you reached out on this forum. If you keep too many things bottled inside, it makes things worse and affects all aspects of your health. I hope you are able to find peace and are calmer in the coming days. The article below is titled How to Deal with Stress and has practical solutions that may help you, such as taking one day at a time, knowing what triggers your stress, making your health a priority, etc. If you are able to read it, I hope it helps you during these turbulent times we're living in. Best wishes. https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&issue=2020-03&pub=g20&srcid=share"
175997411,"Yea,it can"
175997412,That’s awesome!
175997413,That’s so cool and for me it made sure I was cooking healthy every week.
175997414,"Wow, those look awesome. I sketched some stuff the other day. Maybe I should get into it more, haha."
175997415,Hi I would take them to see your doctor regarding their anxiety and see what they suggest but I think therapy would be a good place to start. _PERSON_
175997416,Did you sleep? Nap? I have to try to nap maybe every other day.
174398413,"Hi _NAME_. I cannot imagine how you must be feeling watching your son go through this. Parents just want their kids to have healthy, happy lives and psychosis is scary for everyone involved. I had a manic episode due to bipolar a couple years ago and I know my parents were so concerned and not sure what was going on. Anyways, I wish I had more to say to help you. I found these numbers you can call to get professional support. National Alliance on Mental Illness Helpline 1-_PHONE_NO_ M-F 10am-6pm EST SAMHSA’s 24-hr Referral Helpline 1-_PHONE_NO_ There’s also a youtuber I like who has schizophrenia and she is in a healthy place. Maybe watching some of her videos (if you haven’t already) will give you some hope. https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCENqBB_xNax3mLX_WGLf2Lg Please feel free to keep reaching out here too. I’m wishing the best for your son’s recovery."
175997417,"ok i see you lets what do you want to do, let me know."
175997418,"I’m 5 ft. 8.5 in. and female and I’m staying between 159 and 161 lbs. I’m happy with that. That’s a normal BMI for me. I simply can’t get down to 150 lbs. no matter what I do so, I give up on that dream. Even if I eat rock bottom calories, that won’t allow me to get down to 150 lbs., so that should tell me something. That’s just an unrealistic goal. I’ve been listening to an Intuitive Eating meditation on InsightTimer.com and on it, they say that you should eat according to whether or not you are hungry. They also say you should eat according to whether or not the food in question is delicious, nutritious, and moderate in amount. Has to meet all those criteria. I’ve been eating that way recently and I’ve been keeping my weight between 159 and 161 lbs. People say that I look good at this weight. So, I’m perfectly happy."
175997419,As a waiter I only stare when I’m speaking to someone. Otherwise I’m fully aware it can make others awkward if they’re being watched. I wouldn’t like it myself so I don’t do it to others.
175997420,I’m planning on not dying. But I’d like to do well in music and travel the world.
175997421,I have a rough time in cycles. Sometimes I feel as if it’s dementia. My pdoc told me it’s normal with sz and sza to experience cognitive difficulties.
175997422,Gravol. Mint or chamomile tea. Honey and lemon in warm water.
175997423,Have you done a search on it yet? On this forum?
175997424,Your drawings have an innocence. Beautiful
175997425,"PubMed Central (PMC) Endoscopic Sinus Surgery Improves Cognitive Dysfunction in Patients with... Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) have been found to have cognitive deficit, identified using the Cognitive Failures Questionnaire (CFQ), however the exact etiology of cognitive decline is unknown. This study aimed to determine if..."
175997426,"Few hours ago I went desperate to pdoc office,and told her that _PERSON_ sleeping all day,and Ive lost my routine,even forget to take other meds in morning. I said only med I never tried is Abilify,so she gave me ten mg. Two hours after _PERSON_ cleaning the flat.Amazing."
175997427,"I don’t understand what the problem with them is, or whether its because the psychiatrists and therepists office never pick up calls… it might be because the disability people just cant get through to them for them to talk about my case…"
175997428,_AT_MENTION_ do you think it helps you uncover things you don’t remember?
175997429,I’m feeling little lazy. I got so used to laying on bed for months since I started invega
175997430,Take as much time as you need. Well be here!
175997431,"But they come at quite a cost. I wondered if Jews couldn’t believe in Santa, how could I be their friend?"
175997432,"Thank you for the input. Never even considered that, but it sounds like a great idea."
175997433,_AT_MENTION_…you should contact your mental health team ASAP
175997434,I like candy corn oh and candy apples
174340977,thinking or believing in thoughts outside your own head like imaginary spirirts is what causes schizophrenia. thoughts stay inside your head they donot pray or go anywhere
175997435,_AT_MENTION_. How much harder is _PERSON_ than Trig? Have you taken Trig?
174340979,Yes cut all caffeine beverages. If you are looking specifically for reducing cortisol then buying phosphatidylserine sunflower version is best. It gives best sleep ever but creates bit mental sluggishness.
175997436,"Paliperidone monthly, and Kemadrin ."
175997437,2pac songs help you process grief? I really haven’t listened to him. I’ve seen him in Poetic Justice
175997438,I get the same 3 people talking in my head (technically 4 but the last one doesn’t actually talk. It’s wierd). What/who they are can change. They can be people from other worlds giving me messages about things here or just normal people who have input on what I’m doing.
175997439,How long does it take to get from the southern most part of Texas to the border of another state?
175997440,I love it! Are you charging money for it?
175997441,"Maybe some will, maybe some won’t. You don’t know until you try and reach out. I’m in the same boat. I’ve been avoiding people, I thought I liked being alone. And I did, but I’m just doing it too much. It’s a matter of balance. Luckily, I’m forced to be around people at work and I still have one sister in the country."
175997442,Please find forgiveness within yourself.
175997443,Congratulations _AT_MENTION_! Awesome news!
175997444,I think trying to accumulate as much money by all cost is obsessive compulsive and therefore a mental illness.
175997445,"Swimming is good if you have the facilities to do it. I go to the local gym 4x a week now when it’s open It works out at £4.11 a swim session, or the public pool always has classes on, but is £6.50 a time Gym was never something I thought I’d join. Been there for this year, and only stepped foot where the machines are when they showed me around. I literally just pay for the pool"
175997446,I can’t because I can’t unless admin gives me app.
175997447,"Yeah I don’t think a couple of hallucinations is a reason to go to the hospital. I think it kinda freaks people out because it’s not something they have any frame of reference for, but unless you’re close to having a break and need a big med adjustment I don’t think the hospital will really do anything for you. However you know yourself best. It you feel like you’re starting to slip then it’s better to be proactive in my opinion. Better to be in the hospital possibly unnecessarily for a few days than risk having a break."
175997448,So many? They’re changing the diagnosis or adding diseases?
175997449,I have moderate autism unlike many of here who are high functioning Do you need a doc’s opinion on my functioning level or what
175997450,I only hear folk externally (like when I walk past them). Not so much out of the blue internal ones. But of these external ones I often hear in Eastern European accents
175997451,I know LSD was used in the 60s for therapeutic purposes. I didn’t realize they were trying microdosing. The only place I have heard the term microdosing before is with magic mushrooms. Apparently they are quite effective in alleviating depression at low doses Here in Canada they are working on making magic mushrooms legal now.
175997452,"My doc wants to put me on it when it’s available. If I do, I’ll let you know how it goes. Geodon has been treating me well, but she has concerns about my mood."
174340982,But why not everyone taking meds get negative symptoms? Anyways positives are worse than negatives so meds are doing more good than bad. We have no other choice than taking them.
175997453,"We were all new once, Keep that in mind. That being said, Yes."
175997454,"I wonder if the alternatives such as aspertame are equally as dangerous, time will tell."
175997455,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175997456,"I don’t think it is the end of the world _AT_MENTION_. I heard a ww2 veteran today say the panic now is worse than when ww2 broke out. It is a bad thing, but it is good to keep things in perspective."
175997457,image3024×4032 4.13 MB
175997458,It is hard because it’s like this one event when I was so innocent completely changed my life for me forever I think. I tried making a song or writing some stuff I might go walk in the woods now.
175997459,No. There’s no mind altering stuff going on with broccoli sprouts. Lions mane didn’t really agree with me. Since taking the broccoli sprouts my anhedonia (lack of pleasure) has improved. I’m listening to music again. It could be coincidence. I do feel like I have more motivation. I happily mowed my sisters lawn.
174340978,"Its most likely due to genetic factor. In my case. My fathers father was a chain smoker. He developed some kind of schizophrenia and stopped working and he died from heart attack at some 60 years. My fathers mother have paranoid schizo I think as she told that neighbours talking about her, might poison her though she never officially diagnosed by a doctor. My father have ADHD and little bit of OCD. No problem with mother and mothers family. My fathers sister son is diagnosed as some kind of schizophrenia. Me have social anxiety from the age I remember, have ADHD which then turned to ADD inattentive then developed OCD over the years then depression. Apathy, negative symptoms getting worse and worse. Now I am experiencing all of these in varying degrees."
175997460,oh my god i just wana know.bro im not gona come after you im on the internet.we are friendly here
174340985,Yeah thank you and my bad if I pissed u off I didn’t mean to
175997461,If it’s affecting your daily life I think you should make an appointment ASAP so you can tell her/him and see if you need a med adjustment
175997462,"me too, i thought my mind was causing people to die. i felt guilty. it was just a delusion."
174340983,"Lool, it is what it is innit"
174340987,"The Daily Campus – 21 Oct 20 Big Brain Energy: Inside The Mind of Someone With Schizophrenia Schizophrenia is a type of psychotic disorder characterized by delusions, hallucinations, disoriented thinking and excessive negative symptoms that affects up 200,000 people in the United States yearly, according to Mayo Clinic."
175997463,"If you had kids, family etc then you think of them and not think of suicide. This is love. When you think of suicide you only think of you and not think of others. Selfishness creates that kind of thinking. Instead love others especially who cares about you like your Father, Mother etc. How their life change if you do suicide. How can they face people. They loved you all these years and what you gave in return. Think of it. Start loving others, care about others problems more than your problems then your problems not feel so bad. Good luck!"
175997464,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175997465,So how do you deal with going out? Do you mostly stay home or are you able to go out for food or maybe out to a park?
175997466,I hope you start feeling better soon _AT_MENTION_
174340981,"Eh, the jury’s still out on that one. Some doctor’s believe it exists, others don’t. I’m not sure. I highly doubt it happens in all schizophrenics; in fact, some of us seem to have avoided having any cognitive symptoms at all. Others only have cognitive and negative symptoms when ill, and many have them constantly. Sounds to me like these symptoms have different causes in different people. Either way, you can’t deny the genetic physiological, and symptomatic links between schizophrenia and neurodegenerative disorders. My personal theory is that schizophrenia disrupts the hormonal makeup of the body, resulting in disturbances in awareness, consciousness, logic, memory, mood, perception, reason, thinking, and understanding, as well as several physiological disturbances in chemical makeup (think elements, vitamins, neurotransmitters), immune system, and the overall ability to maintain homeostasis."
175997467,"Bad, really bad, just like the psychiatrist’s prescription."
175997468,Yea it’s great for the joints.
175997469,Not much has changed for me either. Except I’m constantly worried about it.
175997470,How long have you been feeling like this and how long have you been on the new med regime?
175997471,I take it for constipation but not for mental wellbeing.
175997472,"True. They have to get a Court Order to garnish. They probably won’t pursue only $2,000.00. In my case, the amount I owed was worth pursuing."
175997473,"en.wikipedia.org Cognitive behavioral therapy Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is a psycho-social intervention that aims to improve mental health. CBT focuses on challenging and changing unhelpful cognitive distortions (e.g. thoughts, beliefs, and attitudes) and behaviors, improving emotional regulation, and the development of personal coping strategies that target solving current problems. Originally, it was designed to treat depression, but its uses have been expanded to include treatment of a number of mental health condi CBT is based o..."
175997474,Which type of tea? I drink early grey and matcha.
175997475,I don’t have control of everything but the things that I do have control over I try to do well. And taking medication as prescribed is under my control. That means the prescribed dose and at the doctor-recommended time. It’s under your control too.
175997476,Are you Spooky?
174340989,Why not try working first? I rage quit 15 different jobs and gave up. I can’t get disability because I live with my parents and I am in Canada.
174340990,"O sorry my bad, the video pop up in my recommended list on youtube it look interesting just wanted to share it, im just interested how the mind of serial killer works like how the mind of schizophrenia works, because i have minor in psychology, i like how the brain works, the brain is the powerful and advance organ in the body but most delicate. yea im sorry"
175997478,Shopping. Actually in the store. I’m nervous. I hope I don’t have an anxiety attack. I’m hoping my daughter will go with me.
175997479,What is your youtube channel? Is it about sz?
175997480,"Whenever I feel like I’ve got business to do with someone, whether it’s bringing up something that was said, or in this case dealing with the guy that did my roof, I get wound up. I start picturing in my head everything going wrong, how someone might mouth me off and what I’m going to do to them if they do. It never goes that way, none of my worst-case scenarios ever come true. And yet I continually do this to myself, even though I know it’s pointless, even stupid on my part. Why? Why? Whhyyyyyyy? Argh!!"
175997481,"I’m not buying his machine. I’m making my own, sub-$100. His machines are ridiculously expensive. All it is is boiling and cooling water repeatedly for 2 hours. I did it for 10-20 mins with a badly made contraption that failed and the ORP dropped 600 points, even. Something happens to the water when you do that. There’s a science to it. The ORP doesn’t drop that much with just regularly boiled water. Goes down like 100 points max, even after an hour. I spent $100 on a gallon of _NAME_ water just to know what I’m comparing it to, I’m going to electrically test it. Supposedly it breaks _PERSON_’s law, that’s trivial to verify. Just need a multimeter and an electrolysis rig. Supposedly you can use a scanning electron microscope and see that the _NAME_ water has a hydrogen bond angle of 114 degrees, as opposed to untreated water’s angle of 104 degrees. Steam has a hydrogen bond angle of 120 degrees. Something’s going on. It’s like a fourth state of water."
175997482,"Ok, now I am warned, ok, I see thanks"
175997483,I don’t use meds I use cognitive behavioral therapy. I also like to connect with the Hearing voices Movement. http://www.hearingvoicesusa.org
175997484,The memory problems mentioned are long standing i.e pre mental illness ones . Screenshot_2020-05-14 Memory Test dot me1397×469 28.9 KB memorytest.me Memory Test Compare your memory with over 1.3 million people. Take this free memory test now. No registration required.
175997485,Why do i get so Broody when i hear about babies! lol. Im a 45 year old miserable old git usually. But yeah - Bless em. I love to hear about mummys and their little ones - they make me smile. You sound like a bloody great mum _AT_MENTION_
175997486,It’s so common to blame yourself but it’s not the case. Most of us are so strong for dealing with what we deal with on a regular basis. Normal people have no idea how hard it is to just exist with the symptoms we get. Your not a burden and you deserve good health treatment. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise and money is a bogus concept anyways. You are not a burden. You are just a person trying to get better. You need to cut yourself some slack and just work on getting those symptoms under control. Don’t measure yourself on anything but getting your symptoms controlled. Don’t worry about what others say. Please. Your a valuable member here and it’s good to rant and let us know how your feeling but sz will make you second guess yourself. It’ll attack the core of your being and confuse the heck out of you but you are a good person here and a good person in real life too. We carry a lot of weight on our shoulders and I just say…Be brave and ready to fight. Better function is always th
e key never what others think or say. Be strong.
175997487,"I notice I feel like this when I’m anxious/depressed or having some of my ptsd symptoms. I normally don’t feel that way, so I try my best to stay in a good place mentally."
175997488,"Last time I had this problem, I needed my meds changed. I was taking Risperidone, and I’d wake up needing to puke. I went to my fam doctor and she noted all my symptoms and meds I was on. We came to the conclusion, it was my ap. I hope you feel better soon."
175997489,"i remember you seascorpian, my name was daydreamer but i changed it last year i’m doing okay just now mate, i’ve been doing stuff for a local radio station during lockdown, how have you been?"
175997490,Nice. Good luck
175997491,oklahoma…there is a large latino population in my state.
175997492,"I’d guess most of it will be junk. I suspect there will me more emphasis on genetics like genetic engineering and designer drugs, computational engineering, and more research and emphasis on viruses."
175997493,I can’t really. I can’t even think of one atm.
175997494,"I’m with you _PERSON_, i’ll Catch myself having full conversations with myself, either debating the voices, or having these fantastical visions I lose myself in."
175997495,My Cowculator says I saved 435 lives. My dog and horse are alive and well. A girl at the ranch was nice to me.
175997496,"Is the amount of dopamine produced from regular food impactful? I read this random article on dopamine food Dopamine Foods | New Health Guide There are relatively few items listed that I consume. (Fruit, berry, nut, oatmeal.) I understand that food alone never causes hallucinations in any case. Yet I wonder how diet affects my case, regarding dopamine specifically."
175997497,that sounds nice actually… im sure there are images of that… just dont give me a deadline lol! cos i need to be in da mood…for painting and if it looks bad please tell me hehe
174340988,One of my uncles has it so its just me and him. I dont know much bout him
175997498,"My favourite so far too, Thank youuuu:)"
175997499,I drink a lot of water.
175997500,In California they’re saying we can go for walks with our housemates if we stay 6 feet away from other people.
175997501,I had a steak burrito for dinner I need to stop eating those I’m going to have a heart attack
175997502,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175997503,"its the alcohol. not worth it to try out every component that goes into beer, the alcohol is the thing that affects you, even if its low in alcohol it makes a difference compared to none"
175997504,Salisbury steak with sauce and browned mushrooms _USER_ID_ melt with cheese and carmelized onions Hamburger helper (pasta w/cut up beef _USER_ID_) Lettuce wrap
175997505,"Many of my friends became doctors, one is a brain surgeon. I have a very strong background in medicine, I have a physiotherapy degree with high grades. I studied human anatomy, physiology, neuroscience, pathophysiology, biology, psychology (electives), nutrition, research methods, etc. I basically studied what med students study, just not in depth."
175997506,"The Experiences Are All Slightly Chaotic And Unstructured. Usually Happening In Quick, Split Hairline Seconds Of Metaphorical Information Dissection."
175997507,"I didn’t tell them that about my phone. Took me two weeks to really talk. I was out of it. Delusional, hallucinated, psychosis. It was a wild first week in the hospital till the meds started kicking in"
175997508,"Well, I still paid basically full price for them even with insurance, then they made me sick so waste of money. It was insane cause she wrote for $80 a month prenatal rx, ins said we’ll knock 3.40 off of this rx instead so that’s what I ended up with. I’ll stick to my gummies."
174340996,Thanks a lot! It is a great idea to keep my abnormal feelings masked and reveal them only to the forum .
175997509,Congratulations. It’s hard to do right.
175997510,I do it every once in a while. I don’t attach a whole lot of importance to it. All sorts of people who are not mentally ill will talk to themselves occasionally.
175997511,"Coz treating the anxiety, the effect, doesn’t treat the root cause, the psychosis."
175997512,"This thread is for encouraging, not insulting. A lot of us struggle to deal with basic hygiene."
175997513,I miss the old D&D…I have the fifth edition but too hard to get everyone together these days. Enjoy reading the books regardless though. Lots of fun.
175997514,We’ve been dealt a poor hand in this sleazy poker game called life…
175997515,"Oh thanks, I can’t tell if it’s the new medication making me unhappy or other people. Or myself."
175997516,Yah I was surprised they just let him do whatever he wanted with dirty diapers. Mental health is a bit of a ???? show
174341002,Probably destiny
175997517,Photo on 5-9-20 at 4.10 PM1080×720 106 KB need a haircut bad
175997518,aging is already doing damage to our body. not an excuse for not to use any drugs /treatment.
175997519,You should look up a job as a shipper/receiver. It’s just scanning items into a database and simple data entry. It’s a bit tough and you have to work fast but it’s always busy and your mind is constantly working.
175997520,I barely understand anything in quantum physics but it’s such an intriguing topic.
175997521,Lol you wouldn’t even pay a parking ticket
175997522,I need to learn to feel OK with my current size whilst I’m at this size. I’m going to start relaxation and positive affirmations talking to myself on a daily basis… Think I’ll start that next week or the week after
175997523,"You are way out of line, _AT_MENTION_-Cotton. You don’t talk about someone else’s kids."
175997524,Yes it does …
175997525,"Ok. Use the machine. Don’t worry about your nightmares, they can’t hurt you."
175997526,That happens to me when my blood pressure is too low. I sometimes take a medicine for nightmares that has that as a side effect.
175997527,Early on it was nice. Now i hate it/worse than hell…
174340992,What was the reason you were put on abilify?
175997528,id like a taste of paradise before I die
174341000,If you freeze for a long time tell a dr and he will prescribe you catatonia meds. I have catatonia whenever I stop my antipsychotic. If you don’t freeze and you have lack of thoughts then that’s called negative symptoms like alogia.
175997529,spidey.jpg 800×450 205 KB
175997530,"Hmm. . . You See Dear Internet. I’m Talking About The Reason Of Creativity And Music. And Then It’s Mixed With Two Words, “hater” & “trolling”. Which Is Eerily Sad. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
174341003,I’m a Latin geek and I didn’t know about this phrase. Thanks for posting.
175997531,"Anyways its your choice, if you want to, just ask your Dr and dont do it on your own."
175997532,The heart is made from a pizza box. I changed to the white string instead of pink string bc I have a lot of color in my house and the pink was overwhelming
175997533,Well no coffee today. No withdrawal feelings. But I feel incredibly bored !
175997534,"I’m continuing to lose weight and my cholesterol levels are great! My A1C blood sugar levels have gone down to 5.7 from 6.2! I’m a happy camper! Going to continue with this lifestyle change. If I can make these kind of changes, anyone can."
175997535,"Ok, I thought so because your study said remission without meds."
175997536,Every time I go down in antipsychotics the positive worsens for a period of time but then my positive improves again. The best way you can recognize if you are schizophrenic is to look back 8 years prior the first time you were put on antipsychotics. When I examine my life between 16 and 24 I could recognize that I had bad cognitive and negative symptoms. Those worsens my social and ocompaisional skills very badly. yes today I know that I had schizophrenia from age 16. Have you any family member who also have the illness. In my case my mom also has it and is on antipsychotics too.
175997537,Did you try Viagra?
175997538,Anyone who uses a pic of a dog for their profile picture is a good person.
174340997,"sciencedirect.com Neurocognitive, social cognitive, and clinical predictors of creativity in... Creativity is considered an essential human accomplishment and a key component for daily life problem solving. It has been suggested that impairment i…"
175997539,"not really, these videos are pretty timeless and universal. I’ve never followed trends."
175997540,"Hold on. After work, let me create something really nice for you on _PERSON_. I just have to submit this report first to the company and then I’ll be done in like 30 min."
175997541,"Accident smacksidents, dudes a smuck that should have protested his circumcision and every grain from europe that replaced people in Palestine, and every salvation dollar he got from daddy to prop up the next failed business vulture capitalist reality show. Not to mention the twitter bombing of hospitals. Nothing is AC dental until the teeth are pulled from the ashes of a make Shift bunker in the Last Battle we fought and shouldn’t fight again, unless we like Russian roulette, and ??????? our selves, or voting against our interest. Wow that was harsh, now spend 2000 years proving the battle ground states. Did anything happen in the second chapter of acts, or was it all DC or Marvel Comic Books? Only men that could shitter swarm and a populace of hamburg ready made helpers hoisting Randal Flagg and Burger Joints and Whatever Corporate Drugs Allows IN Tomorrow Land for The New Kids Blocked."
175997542,yea i am really convinced it’s real when it happens but it’s really weird that other people don’t smell it.
175997543,"You still have the whole other side…to cook. Time more chances, a new day, forgiveness. hayhay how bout that!"
175997544,"Yes, man with tibbies now, can confirm that ap’s cause growth/enlargement of the boobular area."
175997545,I agree with this.
175997546,My secret to successful weight loss is measuring and weighing literally everything and then logging it into MyFitnessPal. I also plan out my day on MyFitnessPal the day before so I’m within my calories and then the next day I just reference it and only eat what’s on the diet plan for the day.
175997547,"You are not the subject of some giant global play. I went through the same thing over 5 times. Each time I felt extreme relief that I was indeed, just a nobody."
175997548,I dont wanna kill anyone but sure it has popped up as intrusive thoughts like any other action possible.
174341004,"I switched from 10 mg abilify to 200 mg seroquel due to a minor depression, but seroquel killed me and made me even more depressed. All the things that gives me joy, is just empty. Every time i look at a tree, i have suicide ideation. Stupid, because after all i have a pretty good life and i want it back again. i have been on seroquel for 11 days, and can’t stand it anymore. Im quitting seroquel and og go back to my antidepressants (marplan+mirtazapine). Back to life, back to reality. Goodbye quelling. Goodbye ZERO."
175997549,"Thank you lead, that just confirms what I am saying. I have delusions because my perceptions of reality are not accepted by society at large, I don’t have false beliefs because my perceptions of reality do not contradict society at large. Thank you once again."
174341012,Without hallucinations or delusions it’s not schizophrenia
175997550,"I do not have many auditory hallucinations, I do not feel fond for the times where I have heard them. I don’t want to be contrary to your sentiment where you’ve probably coped and probably like some of the good ones or at least temper them better…but I would never ever choose to keep the voices."
175997551,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_!!!
175997552,Looks like the word police has invaded the forum.
175997553,I’m on lexapro and it’s the one antidepressant that doesn’t cause me side affects and helps a lot
174340998,"_AT_MENTION_ , I’d like to encourage you to join our forum for Family and Caregivers that can be found at: Family and Caregiver Schizophrenia Discussion Forum Family and Caregiver Schizophrenia Discussion Forum Support Discussions for Family Members (parents, spouses, children of, etc.) and caregivers of people who have schizophrenia While this is a peer support forum for people with schizophrenia and other closely related psychotic disorders, the Family forum is specifically for people like yourself, who have a loved one they are concerned about. Also, please let your loved one know about this forum as they may find it helpful. Best of luck, Ninjastar Volunteer Moderator"
175997554,? playing guitar since 13.i play starcraft and i swim everyday. ? think i have to workout on some physics or computer programming
175997555,Sounds like it. That need to move is a common sign.
175997556,I’ve heard lots of people have a reaction to valerian
175997557,"I just had cardamom honey chicken. It was delicious I ate it with a side of potato salad. Simply Recipes Cardamom Honey Chicken Recipe | SimplyRecipes.com Roast chicken marinated first in honey, sherry, cardamom, and pepper, then browned on the stovetop and baked to doneness in the oven."
175997558,"No, I don’t know the triggers."
175997559,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175997560,What?s the authors name?
175997561,"Dude you are such a great member of the community. If you want your accounts anonymized, I can do that, but I won’t ban your IP because I want you to be able to come back if you want."
175997562,"I am okay, I could have rested more. I just run out of milk which happens often. I like to have milk with my coffee."
175997563,"Endless depression, idk what to do"
175997564,"We used to have a American / British air force base here about 10 years ago, it got closed down though. You used to see all types of fighter jets flying all around the town. I kind of miss that."
175997565,"_NAME_ is my number one inspiration, His the reason i started lifting weight and started bodybuilding. I like his work ethic and attitude, His always positive. I want to be like him one day. Im going adapt his work ethic and training style hardcore training. This my year to transform my body. Lets GO."
175997566,"I was out of it Saturday and Sunday morning. Sunday around 10am, I got up, took a shower, and started feeling better. Today I went about my normal routine. I went to my psychiatric care provider, and told my case manager I was thinking about killing myself. We talked about it for a while."
175997567,"I am surprised now at how loud noise contributes greatly to my stress levels. At our old apartment there used to be a constant rattle of police cars, ambulances, fire trucks, cars and motorcycles. We have much quieter place now and I have started elimating other sources of loud noises. For a long time I had the bad habit of really pumping up the volume on my headphones. Now I am finding I can appreciate turning the volume way down to about 1/3 or 1/4 and let my ears adjust. It’s nice too because the sound is less distorted and I notice things in music I missed before. I also have some noise cancelation headphones that work well at filtering out the fridge and air/heat fans. At 52, I can still hear up to about 13kHz which I guess is average for my age and proof that I didn’t usually have money to attend a lot of loud concerts. It’s odd how when I was younger and sicker I really craved loud noise to drown out the auditory hallucinations and paranoia but now I appreciate and seek silence and qui
eter tones more."
175997568,"If you are not making some sick joke you could invest it and take your chances, or give it to family members or maybe a charity. Or here’s an idea: Pick up a significant other and have fun with her or him and blow it all on a wild date."
175997569,"Yeah, meds are hard as hell to stop. Vast majority of SZ people who try fail."
175997570,"I can’t tell you what to do. If you went to work, would you even be able to function? It might be better to delay your start date if you would show up acting crazy and not able to do your job."
175997571,Then apologize and just explain that to whomever made your breakfast. And thank them for doing it
175997572,"If I wonder what I’ve got when showing symptoms, I take my temperature."
175997573,"At least 25% Irish, maybe more depending on my father. Not something I lose sleep over."
175997574,"I’ve had quite a few people call me ugly to my face. Always men. And always when they think I either don’t understand them or can’t hear them or they conceal it as a joke. A man whispered to me that I was ugly just yesterday thinking I couldn’t hear him. All this does is serve to confuse me after spending a youth of people telling me I was “hot”, and spending a maturity of listening to women telling me I am “beautiful”. I am truly bewildered now. I tend to believe the men deep down because I tend to most admire the same kinds of women they do. But I choose to believe the lesbian women because their opinions are the only ones that matter."
175997575,"yeah. I’ve taken some heat for the fact that he isn’t. Though they don’t really do it anymore, at a young age, he was categorized as Moderate."
175997576,My cat is more cuddly when she knows I’m not feeling well. I appreciate the fuzzy little arse.
175997577,"I know I’m strange, lol."
175997578,"I just got off Sertraline, Mirtazapine and my sleep medicines down to 2 Times/week. Only med i take regulary is Zyprexa."
175997579,I see what you are saying. We can’t control our lives the way we want it to go. but we have a choice to have a good attitude when we can’t control things. And then things will work out better if we have a good attitude.
175997580,"I have Levomepromazine 50mg for sleep, but I stopped taking it regularly and I am reluctant to start it again, as it makes you feel awful for the next morning Tried all the other sleep meds and they didn’t work for me"
175997581,I got ill very young at 14 or so. Prodromal phase lasted till I was 18 then had my first breakdown. Relapsed when I was 28 or so.
175997582,"If you were not mentally stressed, the _NAME_ show stuff would actually be a fun thing for you. But the mind reading is a hell of a symptom. I don’t like it really."
175997583,Another night awake. I have to go out of the house today to meet a friend and to take my comforter to be washed at the laundromat and then go home to do my own clothing laundry and clean my house. I finally feel like I can sleep and I have so much to do:( I think maybe I will push the laundry and cleaning off til tomorrow so SO can watch me sleep instead.
175997584,I had a job where the bosses were super racist. I ended up quitting.
175997585,"honestly i think they do know my diagnosis and are doing Mr. _PERSON_. and _USER_ID_ _PERSON_. however, i had a pdoc once that told me to throw off any labels stuck on me that I can and that’s what i am trying to do – internally. _NAME_"
175997586,"I’m having a problem with an assignment in school and my professor isn’t responding to my emails. I have like 3 days left for this assignment but I feel like I am behind as I am struggling. If someone has experience with visual studio code editor, github, and committing files to be uploaded to github it would be a huge help. Thanks - _NAME_"
175997587,Ok i will report it to them
175997588,My sister is named _NAME_ and she is very rude.
175997589,_AT_MENTION_ Would you still say that if your voices were commanding you to drink bleach ?
175997590,"To me, it’s more like what do we do to our brains and bodies."
175997591,How do you get out? I have a home here and I have my youth for a few more years… my grandma has munchausen and she’s like 1000 lbs i can’t see clozapine because it’s what the family wants and I have cancer genes… the family wants me to look like my grandma so they can cut me further out their life. Like the local hospitals tossed my clothes in the trash and one guy stole 300 dollars I can’t fight it but I do not want those people in my blood for 6-to a year im sorry it just didn’t feel right
175997592,"Oooh, sounds really tasty _AT_MENTION_ I hear ya on the glycemic index thing-- with these meds we’re on it’s important to watch for GI… Diabetes risk and all."
175997593,thanks guys _AT_MENTION_ hope you feel better soon
175997594,You’re being censored because you break the rules
175997595,I’m more confident than I used to be but still very shy. the anxiety and paranoia and trauma doesn’t help. Shyness is my biggest problem though.
175997596,Why do you think you don’t have it?
174341009,all the other illnesses like depression anxiety and ocd animals have think a schizophrenic dog would be noticed
175997597,Yes. But my mom will be really sad.
175997598,"I gave bad advice In hospital To other patients, And also received it."
175997599,Welcome 151515 If you see 1515 after a post it’s cos every post requires at least 15 characters
175997600,Cause I’m Da Bestest (!!!)… . … Yep!. Yap!. Yup!. Yas!. Uh Huh!.
175997601,Could have something to do with it. I speculate age of aquarius started in 2000.
174341021,I have sza bipolar type
175997602,Did it help???
175997603,"I contend that stress and censorship manifest creative and correct thoughts, with in those that need no correction. Its only when we think illness is a state of being and wellness is state of things, the real problems begin. Your post was rational and reasoned and I found no error in your expression. Don’t widgetize your existence, or you will be a slave of what you consume."
175997604,my pdoc said take 25mg a day for a week then if no rash you go to 50mg for week etc… but your pdoc will prob explain it to you
175997605,I would do everything you can to walk a half hour to an hour a day. I have the same problem.
175997606,"I don’t have voices. I only have vivid fantasies, what the pdocs call pseudo hallucinations."
175997607,I tell them to shut up to al the time but they dont listen
175997608,"My apologies. I thought family with you would be with the Psychiatrist as a kid. It is a strange world. I can’t believe this happened to you. Again, my apologies."
175997609,People putting disturbing images and words in my mind about racism and perversion and afraid of people over hearing and judging me.
175997610,Instead of loneliness
175997611,I don’t think so I haven’t lifted anything heavy and its my skin but darkened a lot
175997612,It’s my second day on Invega. It’s very sedating. We paid cash price for a partial prescription fill. Does the tiredness eventually get less severe the longer you take it?
175997613,How about getting a tutor? Maybe they’ll supply one or give you an idea of where you could find one. Maybe set up a phone appointment with the teacher and tell her you’re having problems and ask him/her for advice on what you can do to improve your grades. See if she has any suggestions on how to get your grades up or what you can do to pass the class/s. Do they have counselors at this barber school who you can meet with and maybe they could give you tips on being successful in your classes? I take online classes at a really good community college. They’re ranked number one in California for their online classes program. I discovered the teachers really want to help the students to succeed and do their best to help. They are very proactive in helping students and will give each student their time to help a student succeed. Your teachers might be the same way.
175997614,^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^see above
175997615,"Accept the injections then. Its better for your health. Vitamin/mineral deficiencies are bad for mental health too, not only bad physically."
175997616,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175997617,"Yes, I’m sure. It’s a bad idea though"
175997618,"It’s his birthday today, saw it on IMDB. He’s 75."
175997619,"I get that when my body starts to become very sick. This usually makes me rest for an hour or two. After that, I am ok again."
175997620,"Thanks! In Serbia you don’t have psychotherapy for that, I’ll try to find a book or so. Can you recommended for cbt"
175997621,"Anti Psychotic meds have many names, one of the names is major tranqulizers"
175997622,Damn I used to love deep house but look like I can take it anymore on my delusion I can manage the Movie… thanks to my emotional intelligence… Do you guys have psycho mode ative too in those festival ? Latin music like it has voice I’m doing good… My main proble is deep house music…
175997623,is there any difference?
175997624,Zyprexa totally fuucked with my metabolism. I will always hold a giant grudge towards that med.
175997625,"I take 400mg L-theanine when I get up and another 400mg at about 7pm-ish. 800mg/day is a lot and if you take that amount then you’ll need to taper off it and not quit cold turkey. I tried quitting l-theanine 1200mg/day cold turkey once and nearly went bananas. See how you get on with lower doses like 200mg before you go out, first."
175997626,Yea we just gotta continue to try our best I suppose…
175997627,I don’t do art rly but I enjoy doing math
175997628,"My Two Cent’s. “haldol” is Ferocious. It’s Like Drinking 5 Large Cups of Coffee in Five Minutes. My Advice. Work With Your Voices. We Were Not Meant to Take Severe Injections Or Swallow Endless Pills. IMHO (For What it’s Worth). Listen. Be Patient. Send Peace. Cautiously Optimistic. Listen to Commonsense. Listen to Your Trusted Doctor, Or Doctors. And Take it One Day At a Time. Don’t Rush. Relax, And Never Give Up On Yourself… . …"
175997629,_AT_MENTION_ . I have just one question – did the goats scream like humans? It’s been a while since you posted that “Goats Screaming Like Humans” video that you used to post on the forum about every 6 months.
175997630,"I’m lazy to, lack ambition, off meds I have a edge, always want to be on the move, on meds, no edge, just want to sit and do nothing"
175997631,_AT_MENTION_ How cold is it? Snow? Toronto? Or Vancouver?
175997632,Username 1661)2)2)
175997633,No need to fear you have a family that loves you
174341024,Sz ruined everything. Luckily I still have a long life to live and plenty of time to get back on track.
175997634,They’re gonna learn a few new things.
175997635,Put some cooking spray on them after microwaving them for a few minutes. Salt and pepper them and broil them on low for five minutes on both sides. You get a yummy lightly crisp skin. So good
175997636,They tell you which meds you can’t donate blood on at the blood center.
175997637,Mechanical horse?
175997638,"Only bearing this illness and working towards health is enough for you, nothing more should have been expected from you, Don’t blame yourself, this illness consumes all of the energy that someone has,"
175997639,sorry to hear you been having a rough time sleeping… I hope you be able to catch some sleep still though so that you don’t feel too bad tomorrow.
175997640,"I’ve worn a mask when seeing a GP,osteopath and physiotherapist… I totally get where you’re coming from with the breathing …"
175997641,Another so I don’t use so many topics once again T R G G E R . W A R N I N G received_1_PHONE_NO_.jpeg 1019×1920 37.7 KB
174341018,How long did it take to feel the relief from symptoms?
175997642,I’m taking a free online class on _NAME_.com. I like it
175997643,"i think this painting is a slight improvement to recent paintings i have done,"
175997644,"Microwaved Dr. Pepper with a lemon wedge to squeeze into it. That was _PERSON_’s cure all for winter days where we had to walk home from school. Then we played board games until 10pm when my mom picked us up after work. This was only thru 4th grade for me since I had to be driven in 5th due to wheelchair and driven 6thgrade for wheelchair, cane and walker. 7th and 8th grade I took the bus and my grandparents had moved to SD. But I do the Dr Pepper thing with my kids, they get a shot of liquor in it if it’s not school night and they had to shovel, as we don’t have bus service here so they’ve always been driven to school, never had to walk."
175997645,It’s free to all.
175997646,"Thats what I did when I bought mine, ended up selling it"
175997647,Just came home from the pharmacy with a script for zyprexa. If you have any experience with this drug I would appreciate your input.
175997648,Im on zyprexa but eats Once a day. Its just how i are.
175997649,You know I had a doc put me on Prozac I think it was and after that I was just so angry all the time. It took everything in me not to blow up at my grandmother. When I got off the Prozac I was fine.
174341028,"It will probably be a failure. Take caplyta for example. It was meant to be good with minor side effects, but according to all the caplyta reviews it seems terrible. I don’t believe in this new drug either, but I hope I’m wrong"
174341020,"I’m trying to make sure, did you see the thread about which aps helped, with having side effects. There is two threads about abilify."
175997650,Hey _AT_MENTION_ . Just be yourself and listen. I can talk underwater so It’s not so bad for me but just make sure if your struggling to put down some points you need to talk about…not bad having some cheat cards if your a bit shy or not so good on phone.
175997651,"Sure. I’ve always been fascinated by weaponry. But I think it’s a violation of my constitutional rights for them to do this. Nowhere in the constitution does it give any exclusions to who can and can’t possess a firearm. It only says that it’s an inalienable right that “shall not be infringed”. And while you could argue for safety reasons, but in the words of _NAME_: “Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."""
175997652,"I split my dose into morning meal and evening meal. Morning meal is with a piece of toast. Evening meal is substantial. The piece of toast is, say, 190 calories with jam and coffee and cream, but it does it for me."
175997653,What’s avant garde? Its in French I know.
175997654,I get the injection every 2 weeks
175997655,"I don’t know why my father has asthma, it is related to air pollution in the environment, bacteria in the lungs, smoking and finances. It is all because of me, at least through my solipsistic lens. My father recovers eventually, when he is ready. I am hoping he will find a new source of enjoyment and good health. Thank you."
175997656,I dont really talk to mine - they mostly comment. But one is a sweet young girl i call _PERSON_. They are borderline condescending in a sorta sweet caring way. I cant actually say i find them distressing - comforting at times even - except when im trying to sleep then they are annoying. The delusional side of me would say she is my angel. I always recognise her voice - so the rational side of me knows to ignore her - except when im lacking company…
175997657,I think Girls r more relatable in a lot of ways imo but it still doesn’t mean I can even relate with that many of them. But that’s cuz I’m unique … and most people don’t understand me. Now that we got my bias against humans in general out of the way Yeah I think girls are pretty cool
175997658,"Hmm. Thus One That You Mention Seems To Have Decent Recording Equipment. But!, The Song Itself Seems Like It’s Coming Apart At The Seams. Like It Has No Foundation Of Any Real _NAME_. . . Or Is It Jus Me (???). Could Be, I’ve Been Jaded Before. . . . . . ."
175997659,When you have that problem with building a poll btw you just need to _USER_ID_ and move the the : “[poll type=regular results=always public=true chartType=bar]” segment down a line to separate it from the rest of the text. If that makes sense. Either that or just press enter the first time you are building to separate the poll from the text
175997660,…This place is filled with mostly unspecial people but of whom the world is not worthy…
175997661,"_AT_MENTION_ that depends on how you lost the originals. If you can’t be trusted to not lose people like losing car keys, well then you may need to buy beepers to locate any new ones you get. Beeper-locators first, then new friend search."
175997662,Hi thanks for your reply. Started 10mg last night. Will take a few weeks to kick in I guess. I’m hopeful my other meds will be reduced if zyprexa works. At the moment my pdoc doesn’t want to take me off my other meds. She doesn’t want to mess around with them. Probably incase I get withdrawals:( Hopefully things will start to improve soon for me.
174341025,Do you want to learn Mandarin with me? I can be your teacher.
175997663,I call that making your mental illness work for you.
175997664,I think a good way may be to write three positives on the forum every day. It can be little things like had a great dinner I enjoyed or had a shower and now I’m clean or yeay I did the dishes… I love the three positives thread.
175997665,"No, I think Euthanasia for the MI should not be an option!"
175997666,"I am somewhat overweight after I started zyprexa. I find it hard to shed weight, but at least I’m stable. I don’t think BMI is fair to judge everyone though. If a person is broad shouldered or big boned they are supposed to weigh more than a average built person."
174341023,How much was needed? _AT_MENTION_
175997667,Did you up the dose of clozapine?
175997668,yea sometimes i wonder also what i would do if my pdoc would not do his job anymore or die or something… it would be so hard to start over with a new pdoc. So much history that you would have to explain which would be so annoying to do it all over…
175997669,Post a painting you have done…a song…a musical performance…a poem…a book chapter…photography…or whatever style of Art you are into! I just know there are so many talented/ creative posters on this site. We’ll do a poll at the end of the thread and see who takes first prize!
175997670,What does a rush of oxytocin feel like?
175997671,"Ok, i will still take my meds, but why i am so unhappy still? Dealing with conversion disorder as well and all the other stuff??? I am paying more efforts than before, but i still do few tbh… I talked to one onther ill friend now and sometimes i still feel that i socialize wrongly, that my other friends are all better than me… Idk why i am like this… I am really decided to be happier now, maybe with efforts, but will i have enough strength? Maybe the unhappiness and the guilt and the other stuff cant be helped by meds, isnt it? I really tried 11 aps for ten years plus multiple ads… Idk, meds just dont work on me… In the same time, i am isolated since 20 years between 4 walls and maybe it affected me idk… One friend told me, that its not possible to feel fine if i dont socialize, if i dont go out and do nothing yeap… But in the same time, my illness developed even though when i was surrounded by many people and was a kid, so i was in school etc… I was unhappy since kid, thats the tru
th… Now i think of my mistakes, maybe its up to me to change my shitty character and the ill sensations that come with it, but will this pay? … Idk, maybe my friends hate me, i am just very awkward with them… Maybe i dont even deserve, that anyone still talks to me… I grew up in family where the mental illness was seen very bad, so i even became as my parents maybe unconsciously… Idk… So my question is if i should continue fighting more to change myself and if this is the path? thats all… i guess theres still my envy here towards all others, cause they seem happier to me, but i am not proud of this yeah…I am envious of a friend, who is diagnosed here with the same illness here, but she just seems happier than me all the time…Me, i just sucked since 25 years and even more, yeah…"
175997672,_AT_MENTION_ can you describe your experience?
175997673,"I have two cats but they dont make a significant difference to me, i just think it is cool that your pet does to you . sometimes they really help me though cos they dont make me feel paranoid aha they just so chilled and stuff"
175997674,I love the new name _AT_MENTION_!
174341026,"I was on 80mg for around 2 years i think. I’d get akathasia after i took it, so i’d wait and take it with some food before I went to bed. I’d usually wake up feeling good though. Last year I started getting sleep problems where I’d only be able to sleep for 3 hours a night, which would end up in a half day anxiety attack usually. My pdoc’s suck and won’t give me a PRN other than vistral, so I switched back to perphenazine. Its an older ap but the negatives aren’t as bad as the atypicals I’ve been on."
175997675,"So it’s really swelling, or it’s a delusion-like impression?"
175997676,"I regularly listen to a hobbyist radio station from north of the border on my Echo Dot/_USER_ID_. What was the name of that station again? – Oh yeah, it’s called SquirrelFM. It’s pretty darn good! I really like the music line-up and it makes me wanna dance! photostudio_1611372834120567×850 99.4 KB"
175997677,"I am hoping for that day when everything goes back to normal. And, it isn’t so bad yet, at least I still have food and someone there to help me."
174341029,"Ive had women before, that have stayed for a night - and still been here 3 weeks later, whilst in a honeymoon period of shagging and dumb walks along the beach. But i start to resent them in the end, and they frankly just piss me off after a while for taking over my “man cave”. So i just dont bother anymore - ive accepted the fact that im gonna be single for the rest of my life. And im happy with that."
175997678,I don’t take a fat burner. I’m just on a vegan diet.
174341030,I think your emotion is likely due to rebellion against my opinion on taking the meds. I am solid enough to know that I am not bad tempered.
175997679,"I got a meme for that! Good one _AT_MENTION_ , that got a laugh from me!"
175997680,My delusion is that I have a camera or microphone implanted in me and that the whole country is watching me. The TV and radio broadcast what they think I’m thinking.
175997681,"yay, how are u?"
175997682,"Your opinion couldn’t mean less, Little man."
175997683,Its not worth worrying about _PERSON_. Unless your Mum feels unsafe you don’t have to face that reality so I wouldn’t bother entertaining that idea.
174341027,5mg of Abilify won’t touch psychosis. 10mg is the minimum dose for psychosis control. Yeah maybe you should get a second opinion.
175997684,I don’t know what life as I have no life staying in my bed all day everyday for years.
175997685,Very nice! 1555554
175997686,"Watch the documentary on Netflix, it explains it"
175997687,"I, too, sometimes think that if I would be dead then it would be for the better. Well if my father dies, then I become homeless. I’m unable to hold a job. Sometimes I get suicidal thinking, but I’m also unable to hurt myself, so I just sit it out."
175997688,Are internal voices more dangerous? I think so.
175997689,"_PERSON_ was a physician, a rare achievement for a professional footballer (he held a bachelor’s degree in medicine from the Faculdade de Medicina de Ribeirão Preto, the medical school of the University of São Paulo).[26] Even rarer is the fact that he earned the degree while concurrently playing professional football. After retiring as a player he practised medicine in Ribeirão Preto.[2] en.wikipedia.org _PERSON_ | Personal life _PERSON_ was the firstborn child of _PERSON_ and _PERSON_. He was born in Belém, Pará, and relocated with his family to Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo, in January 1960 after his father _PERSON_ earned an important position as revenue supervisor. This job earned _PERSON_ father the status of a small-town hero in Igarapé-Açu, where the family lived at the time. His father's new salary allowed _PERSON_ to attend the best school in Ribeirão Preto, Colégio Marista. In a biography written by the jour..."
175997690,WHAT hot sauce and lemon juice lol how does that taste like. lol
175997691,I agree with _AT_MENTION_ . My husband studied economics.
174341032,Why not just stick with Sarcosine since it helped?
175997692,I like these too though image3999×1449 1.45 MB
175997693,I’m with you 100% on that. But second hand smoke is real
175997694,A new one again hopefully
175997695,Because skinny is more attractive to most than not skinny. Now you have a goal to work towards.
175997696,"I’m up too early. Headache from sleeping cruddy. Sz treated me quite well, except for pesky negatives."
175997697,"A little bit, but it is mostly because of that dream…and I thought I was delusional."
174341031,It run in my jeans
174341044,How do you know that you have psychosis?
175997698,"30mg of zyprexa was worst. Didn’t know it til years later that it was beyond max dose, they gave me a 10mg and 20mg together to get me out of the hospital. Was on that strength for months."
175997699,_PERSON_ all my body is itchy but much more in the genital area. I think in liver damage its in all the body.
175997700,I understand. They are just very lovely
175997701,"The insurance Company, Colonial Life had a good dental plan that you can as a stand alone product. Idk what the wait times are for things like this but I think it’s around $30 per month."
175997702,Honestly you’ve been quite paranoid lately _AT_MENTION_. Maybe you should give your psychiatrist a call. It can’t hurt if you call. Remember you were placed on a brand new med recently.
175997703,There is already a post open about this.
175997704,omnomnom =D 151515
175997705,"My dream world is pretty tame. Never have much scary stuff going on. Scariest thing was a barking dog last night that I approached and could somehow understand what it was saying, and I eventually came up to it, it bit my hand as if to warn me off but not very hard, then I pet and tamed it. My life is sheltered, not much going on that really sets me off dream-wise. One time I dreamed I went to a kind of “hell” though, this was months and months ago. I ended up in some kind of place with the floor covered in maggots and I was barefoot, and I had to like navigate a maze or something. Haven’t dreamed of anything nearly as bad as that since then. When I have lucid dreams they’re like movies where you can actually control where you’re going and such. Haven’t had one like that in a while though."
175997706,thank you for this post. I had min first episode when I was 20. Im 32. Hoping to get better soon.
175997707,My pdoc is always so positive. He always try add-on meds to help me but sometimes I can’t deal with the side effects. My family acts normal towards me but I sense that they always think I’ll be a bit crazy. I can’t really talk to my sister about my feelings cause the first thing she’ll ask me is whether I take my meds as prescribed. That dissapoint me each time. So I guess she also can’t see me recovering. My dad see my condition as a chemical imbalance. My brother seem to try and understand a bit… But heaven knows what he really thinks.
175997708,It’s sedative but don’t have any restlessness according to clinical trials and such
175997709,Staying in bed will only worsen your cognitives
175997710,Depends. 4.5 gb is nothing…
175997711,The USA price using GoodRx is about $1320 a month.
175997712,"I was so coldly competitive, my teacher being someone similar. It’s not the same as wanting to be good at something for its own sake. Many people can be good at something. Being top dog gets lonely anyway."
175997713,Did you talk to your doctor about feeling more psychotic symptoms?
175997714,"I get big dreams and big plans and I always follow through on them but, in spite of my follow through, and doing all the right things, they go nowhere. So, I too have to learn not to get my hopes up."
175997715,America has the most expensive healthcare not a great country in my opinion
175997716,It’s my homemade soy milk.
174341045,Quite possibly or even 5MG abilify as they introduced it slowly anyway… antidepressant withdrawals can last for over 6 weeks sometimes… and it can cause mania too… probably why they wont see me to talk to me cos they unsure
175997717,"It’s just your subconscious, but even I still have that other part that believes it’s not"
175997718,I’ll just settle for fat.
175997719,I think I was delusional when I wrote that… I’m not going to do anything.
175997720,Thank you @anon_PHONE_NO_ & _AT_MENTION_
175997721,"That’s really cool! What do you do, specifically, for your volunteer job?"
174341041,Is seizures common?
175997722,1400 bucks with a coupon so it’s the same cost as latuda. I called the pharmacy it’s not availible there yet
175997723,"Well if you are like me, that was truthful at least."
174341046,"I was like that for 9 years, I did better on Abilify, got a university physiotherapy degree but had to stop it due to addiction issues."
175997724,Always a monster Misunderstood and ugly No longer human
175997725,i kinda destroid a care… of some poor dude becaus he drove right in to my paranoic delusion… im not proud of that
175997726,"i eat badly too, chocolate, chips etc"
175997727,I’m male…151515
175997728,I use them so I don’t have to clean. Just toss them.
175997729,"Since someone mentioned online dating, that’s how I met _USER_ID_ _PERSON_. Being weird in all other parts of my life my singles ad was also weird. AA teaches us, “if nothing changes, nothing changes.” Up until I sobered up I had dated a succession of horrible women who, while hot looking, had beauty that was only skin deep. In fairness I have to admit I was a massive douchebag at the time and no prize catch for them, either (match made in hell comes to mind). All of the relationships ended in various stages of acrimony and obviously changes were needed. When I placed the singles ad that netted _USER_ID_ _PERSON_, the rules were: No picture exchanging at all except right before the first date. I spent three months chatting up Ms. _PERSON_ before meeting her and by the time I did, looks were no longer a factor. Still aren’t. That was over 20 years ago. I realize this makes me an outlier, but I’m a happy one who feels lucky and grateful every morning to wake up next to _USER_ID_ _PERSON_."
175997730,"Do you have a citizens advice centre or anything like that? We have them here and they help a lot. Maybe your pdoc might be able to recommend someone? I had a look here at private therapy, and I found a few websites on Google. Hope you find someone good!"
175997731,You should report all this back to his psychiatrist. They’re really the only one who can help. Also you should join the family forum Family.schizophrenia.com
175997732,Sorry I forget how bad it was at my previous job. I am just starting to get myself tied up in knots about what the future holds as it’s scary not knowing how I can support myself and I cannot see a reasonable way out of this situation
175997733,I was a Co-Coordinator for a very fast pace shipping department of a mortgage loan department for a savings and loan bank in the 90’s. A paper loans. Mostly _NAME_ and _NAME_ Mac loans. But some jumbo loans. We sold and shipped 1000’s of millions of dollars worth of loans. It was a blast.
175997734,"you just need to try harder, be controversial or something lol"
175997735,"I take 80 x 2 Geodon, 400 x 2 Seroquel, 100 x 2 Wellbutrin, and I don’t know how much Paxil."
174341053,I’m so far doing fine on 10mg aripiprazole(abilify)
175997736,"That you were so charismatic that death was her only escape from you. Your win, _AT_MENTION_"
175997737,Wow! Well done !
175997738,"other things. maybe fast walking, hiking, photography. anything really."
175997739,"Nobody does anything like this for me. They do tolerate my erratic routines though. And are starting to accommodate the possibility of a less than bright livelihood. All I can ask for. Pressure of my own is hard enough, but if I had expectations on top of ? Yeah man. _PERSON_."
175997740,"I, my situation in certain respects is even better than in the prodromal stage of the disease. I have managed to neutralize psychosis , delusions and intrusive thoughts, and become composed and content with my life. The advantages I have now compared with prodrome: I am in better physical shape, I play chess better, I have dreams of a career that I didn’t have back then. I have adopted a healthy diet which I didn’t do then. Overall my situation constantly keeps improving, and I am very content with the trajectory of my life. How about you? Are you faring well overall? Are you happy with your life?"
174341054,The best is to see a pdoc and get a diagnosis of schizophrenia they can give medication to help with the voices
175997741,"People say I can be nice. That’s pretty good. I have my faith too. I mainly talking about looking back on your life when youv’e been mentally ill. I don’t want to dissociate from it too much anymore. It’s just my truth, whatever it’s been. I think that is a big part of self acceptance. I have a major issue with dissociating from my truth. A lot of it can be quite odd or embarassing."
175997742,lol she was born a noble. I don’t think she even has a passing notion of what it means to need money.
175997743,"sorry to hear you feel that bad =( I hope you feel better soon. I used to self harm too, but i managed to stop doing it."
175997744,"I have long-term goals, a budget through 2020, a meal plan and accompanying shopping list, and a note of what general chores I’d like to do on each day of the week (i.e. Monday: clean living room). But as for to-do lists that include all of the things I want to do, I just can’t handle it. Even putting a couple of things down stresses me out to the point that each task becomes insurmountable. I’m going to use my weekday cleaning goals as a suggestion only. I’m really struggling with depression and don’t get out of bed 99% of the time, so every little thing is a victory. Even if I just do a load of laundry, it means I got out of bed and did something. I’m listing little things like “Took a shower; went to IOP; went to grocery store” because they are huge to me. It’s not a matter of not having goals but a matter of sanity and of celebrating the little things. All I can do is live in the day-to-day. Right now, it’s what I need."
175997745,"For c25 years I had played video games all the time - which was what I invested most of my time in. As I have got older I have lost interest in it now. I won’t be wasting money on the new xbox as I know I just won’t play it. I have a hobby for swimming at the gym which I do 4 times a week. Need to find something else. Guess I could spend this downtime I have decorating and making my flat better, but all I seem to do is either admin in the evening/weekends, or watching youtube and listening to music whilst drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes The main problem is there is only family for me here now, as I lost all my friends for various reasons, and I feel isolated from my community. I have no one but myself and pretty much my parents who I can rely on for support and to see at weekends. I find it so hard to cope with. My mind is always in a hyper focus mode, and when I don’t feel like the focus is being applied to a valid task like working, I get like this"
175997746,Working on PC now. 20200104_142809 4032×2268 3.89 MB
175997747,"Sometimes when I can’t guess what the profanity filter is censoring, I will abuse my mod powers by clicking the _USER_ID_ post button, and reading it without the censor."
175997748,All ur paintings are cool
175997749,"Maybe when you don’t build stress and anxiety in the first place. I don’t have any commitments or appointments. Just my medicationmanagement. I rethink my believes. I feed myself with good things. I don’t watch tv, sometimes the news."
175997750,That’s not enough Geodon and you have to take it twice a day for psychosis. It took me years to figure that out. But it wasn’t necessary. I used to take only 20 mg and only at night and I got psychotic every afternoon before the next dose. Geodon has a short half life. I take 80 mg twice a day now and I am functional. I also take 40 mg of Latuda but that was much later in the game. I am really stable on that combo. I am working full time. Good luck.
175997751,yea talk to your pdoc about it. maybe they can try some different meds and help you. It’s hard though huh…
175997752,Sounds about right.
175997753,_PERSON_ is the worst to start. I was so hungry on it while trying… also I literally craved something sweet. Also got exhaustion and cloudy mind and fatigur on 3rd day of trying
175997754,I have anger like this too and am also on Haldol 20 milligrams. Do you happen to drink a lot of coffee like I do? (I’m gonna quit after Covid is over. Right now I’m paying attention to potential headaches which I don’t want to confuse for a fever). Maybe I’m making excuses… : )
175997755,"it’s good to see you around. thanks for Likes. hope it gets better. well, you know, it can’t get any worse"
175997756,It will be another 6 months at least before I qualify
175997757,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I found Shirataki noodles on Amazon, 1520g for 18$. Shirataki is the same as konjac from what I read."
175997758,Oh its blue algae.
175997759,"I used to live with my mother, and her house was like that. She went to the nursing home in 2010 and died in 2018. I live in my own apartment now, and it’s cluttered but not unsanitary."
175997760,"_AT_MENTION_ I could understand that, but I can’t"
175997761,"Hey mate, thank you for the honest and well thought out reply. I usually vote left, and I’m sure as heck going to vote left down the line this coming election. Take care, and I hope you continue to live well down there in Oz, in spite of the proposed changes in your guy’s benefits."
175997762,being concerned does not equal to hating _PERSON_ is no need to be concerned anyway im ok and quitting meds is not a reason to be concerned
174341059,I have major depressive episodes that cycle
174341058,For negative symptoms try DMG or TMG supplement: Its an instant motivator and effects last up to 48 hrs.
175997763,I value mercy for society is a humane regard also.
175997764,I’m out 2 prove them wrong 100% go go _NAME_
175997765,"I’m on the best medicine in a while although it is not perfect at all and I still have tons of issues. The one med I hallucinated all these needles sticking all over my body, my mom heard me screaming because it was so painful. She asked me at family therapy what my dream was like that day, and I said exactly what she heard when it was happening. I also had years of terrible experiences like that, some I couldn’t wake out of until hours later and just had to play it out, caused me to sleep in and miss school/work"
175997766,I miss my friends too. They want nothing to do with me in person. But I like to believe we are friends in spirit and that I can “feel” them sometimes. I had a few male best friends too. Miss my friends.
175997767,I am reading you can heal your life by _NAME_ hay . I also do guided meditation on my computer a few times a week. And I plan to start doing yoga once a week and yoga is healing. And I’m a vegan and I go to the gym and I will even stop buying pancakes once a fortnight (because I’ve gained weight). I visit my sacred neigh which is great for me. I think I do things to help myself and I volunteer work once a week.
175997768,Im in ??????? hell.
175997769,Did you lose all the weight while you were still on clorazil?? I am trying to lose weight right now. I am on a 1200 calorie diet.
175997770,I’m sorry you feel that way. Do you take an antidepressant?
175997771,I would have been put in permanent mental hospital if my parents didn’t take care of me.
175997772,"That’s good, geodon was a terrible drug for me. I had major Parkinson’s syndrome on it."
175997773,"I felt I try on many things well in my life, but I do have fear which I don’t even try because of being afraid. I just feel I am not good enough, I want to be better but I could not"
175997774,_PERSON_!! _NAME_!! Hey _PERSON_!! _NAME_!! _NAME_!! Have I missed any?
175997775,"If I can get and make it, will you walk me through it? Thanks _AT_MENTION_."
175997776,"I love drawing water. I found so many different ways to depict it, but thanks Every time I plan on drawing a face I go on a couple of days hiatus because faces are so hard to draw!!"
174341064,is it the schizophrenia or the poor conditions they make us life with? or the paper work?
175997777,"I’m not religious and I strongly believe that it pollutes the mind – it stays in your head when you go to sleep at night it’s right before your eyelids - really, seeing that filthy garbage makes you feel like a douchebag"
175997778,Sorry to hear that. I would not want someone to be yelling to me over nothing. That’s not called for.
175997779,"Caffeine actually suppresses hunger and causes the body to burn more calories daily. However, it can make some people like me more manic/psychotic"
174341069,Yeah I had some Akathisia in the start of taking it but it went away after a week or so.
175997780,_AT_MENTION_ I don’t remember exactly… I was thinking about the photos and it said that _PERSON_ was going to call… then my phone rang and it was her… another time I sent a message to my friend and then I heard the parts of the message being read back… then it said he is going to call you… then some time after… a minute or two probably… he called…
175997781,My monthly meds cost 18$Canadian.
175997782,"As a child, I was always doing something - super active. After my breakdown, I just wanted to stay in bed unless I had to work. No interest in activity at home at all. It makes me think that healing is a matter of being still."
175997783,"Hell, I got you beat, I don’t even feel like a citizen in my own living room."
174341070,So many experts on how us schizophrenics look.
175997784,Can you please cite where you saw that? I’d like to read about it
175997785,Because people with OCD know their intrusive thoughts aren’t real.
174341065,"ScienceDaily Discovery of a novel function for MAP2 in synaptic strengthening The research team discovered a new role for MAP2 in the synaptic potentiation process and expects to provide key insights into synaptic dysfunction in brain diseases. Dr. _NAME_, who led this study mentioned that ""we plan to continue studying the impact of synaptic translocation of MAP2 on behavioral learning. We hope that the results of our study will provide key insights into synaptic plasticity mechanisms and important clues to develop therapeutic strategies for synaptic disorders such as autism, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer’s disease."
175997786,"Yes, explain. _PHONE_NO_"
175997787,"I smoke CBD flower when I’m feeling anxious, and it helps a ton. There are strains meant to calm you down at night, which I also do. They don’t make you fall asleep, but they help you stay asleep."
175997788,I will ask my pdoc about switching to Risperdal. I think its safer than lowering dosage and most ppl here are taking 80+mg Latuda. I don’t want to risk my life. I read that Risperdal is better for negative symptoms because it increases NMDA receptors function.
175997789,Oh ok. I feel like that’s what is happening but who knows.
175997790,I didn’t know paranoia was a career.
175997791,I wouldn’t drive without meds. I have to drive a lot with the kids.
175997792,"Last year my psychiatrist lowered my dose of Citalopram. I was taking 20 mg and he told me to take 10. I started to feel depressed, with suicidal thoughts. I started to be obsessed with suicide. I spent some time every day watching documentaries about suicide. Finally I called my psychiatrist and he told me to take 20 mg again."
175997793,Have you tried turning the stereo off and tried to focus on a different task?
175997794,I take 234 a month
175997795,Nice pics. Welcome to the forum!
175997796,I’m on year 1.5 out of like 3-5 years. Don’t even know if I’ll qualify in the future or if I can even survive on my own. Good luck!
175997797,Get laundry done Give my dog her medication (she got a nail infection) Eat something tasty.
175997798,They are painless slaughtering methods.
175997799,I’m not a big fan of restaurants especially fancy ones. I much prefer fast food joints and pizzerias. I like Diners also.
175997800,Thanks leaf! Im trying to see the contextual reality of how unlikely the worry is… but its kind of hard.
174341067,I switched the other way from Ability to Invega. I noticed improved symptoms on Invega although still have my dark days.
175997801,"Simple delusions don’t last too long for me, usually until I can reality check. Major delusions have been with me for over 20 years. I’d call it a waking nightmare. Going off medication can bring the delusions back, I don’t advise it without Pdoc approval."
175997802,Haldol didn’t work for me It made me so aggressive and suicidal
175997803,"Thats not who I am talking about. I am talking about people who have a mental illness, but still have enough clarity of mind to know what they did was wrong and still dont feel they should be held accountable for their actions. And instead they brush off any criticisms of themselves and blame their mental illness for their own poor actions."
175997804,"Maybe you could talk to the appropriate authority about it. Be assertive, not aggressive. You might have to push a bit, though."
175997805,Hope you feel better soon.
175997806,Yes thanks _AT_MENTION_ I think I may need to go back on a mood stabilizer. Full blown mania can be dangerous for me.
175997807,Any _NAME_ movies.
175997808,Post all your healthy recipes here! Bonus points for them being single serving and super easy to prepare! I know I’m not the only one on a health kick at the moment. And we could all use some motivation to eat a little healthier. So what do you crave? Any recipes you’re wanting to try?
175997809,Ok I will. 1515characters
175997811,and now he got in trouble with the real House of Representatives. Over Russian hacking. The transcript is online. How to handle this in light of my paranoias? It just seems like my paranoia is real because of all this…
175997812,"My childhood was definitely bitter. Filled with sexual, physical and emotional abuse."
174341083,"I have twin schizophrenic friends, they’re treatment resistant, they talk to walls, destroy walls, talk to their hand etc They freeze a lot when you talk to them, they don’t respond. If meds are working for you then that’s good and no need to worry and think about bad moments."
175997813,"I did a work trial as a receptionist in this old kinda dangerous hotel and it was sooo harrrddd. omg. It was terrible. on the day that I was doing my first day of work they just left me on my own even though the trial was office based. tbh I am glad I could not make it, the hotel was scary and u cud hear them having sex upstairs wat are u guys’ experience as receptionist?"
175997814,"_AT_MENTION_ ,the extreme depression and relentless suicidal drive."
174341078,"I thought God wanted me to kill myself because I had a number 7 (thought it was a sign from God) that I cut first on my arm and they told me a time period of hours where I could kill myself. I would go to heaven if I succeeded. I took a knife and cut my neck. I didn’t die and didn’t know what else to do since I didn’t die. I was scared to keep cutting myself. I guess the blood scared me. So religion definitely isn’t very good for me either. Now I still wonder whether that was real and if in 11 years they will take me to North Korea and I could have saved myself then. Now if I kill myself I will go to hell. Or maybe not. But if I say alive, they might take me to North Korea. Or maybe not. I feel stuck either way."
175997815,Having trouble with this is a symptom of the disease itself. But I normally think “If I told this to someone else would they say I’m crazy”. That helps about 20% of the time.
175997816,"Does anyone have a psychiatric service dog? If so, what is it trained to do for you?"
175997817,"not gona try it ever again.it made me sick.i thought it was gona help me ,it made me goes go back to zero.so i too antisycotic couple of tablets just to calm down.terrible.terrible.never again."
175997818,i swear i cant blame you.although i dont sleep as much as before.at my age sleeping is hard.
175997819,"When I think about the things I could have purchased with the money that literally went up in smoke it makes me want to cry. Honestly I think it’s just an excuse to get outside and walk around. Maybe I could just go outside and walk around for five minutes every hour without a cigarette in my hand, but somehow that seems insane to me. It would definitely be better though."
175997820,I’m sorry you aren’t doing well. There’s nothing wrong with going if you need to. Maybe you should give your pdoc a call. Feel better.
174341074,"What’s considered normal vitamin D today would be severely suppressed versus historic levels, owing to how much time people spend indoors."
175997821,"Sometimes I make something special for me, like scrambled eggs or pancakes. Or oatmeal."
174341075,Emails can be traced. Just because you think you know who is doing it doesn’t mean it is. The email provider can trace and block and suspend the account. That’s why there are blocking options in email.
174341073,"Im pretty sure I’m a psychopath. They are pretty common really. I meet all the behavioural diagnostic criteria except known criminal activity in adolescence, but thats just because i never got caught. Basically just wondering if i am a psycho or if its a delusion of schizophrenia. I really am not sure."
175997822,By acknowledging the fact that nobody is… that noone has time to read your god damn thoughts. You can either strongly do this or spend the rest of your life popping pills… and the psychiatriats will be happy to treat u as a cash cow.
174341080,How much does it cost in your country? Is there a generic form?
175997823,Yes. Not wanting to vomit on Invega _PERSON_ while drinking motivates me to stay sober along with wanting to lose weight and get healthier and recover. One of my role models also quit drinking so that also motivates me to stay sober.
175997824,"That’s ok. Taking a pill every day isn’t a big deal. To put it in perspective, I take 18 meds a day. I don’t like it but I know I need them. So I just make do. You can do this!"
175997825,I can’t go without meds or I relapse.
175997826,I think you could be right _AT_MENTION_ .
174341081,"I realized most people on this forum, if any remember me, does not particularly like me. But I want to say thank you for being my only social life during my break and main part of my recovery. Since then I’ve had a very good recovery from when I was last on here. I’m talking to my friends that I lost during my illness more. And I have almost no symptoms that distract me from my everyday life. Thanks in large part due to a medication change from abilify to risperdal. I’ve become more like the old me again, before this illness. So thank you for supporting me during my rough times even though we’ve had some disagreements in the past. Hope all is well with you guys."
175997827,I have severe depression and effexor seems to help right now.
175997828,"When I drink many coffees, I have more voices, louder, and more persistent. This is what I have noticed"
174341082,I get that too. I get really jumbled in my thoughts. I’m going to talk to my doc about it.
175997829,"Do you do it in person or online ? In person shows courtesy, but with a fancy resume, online is just as good."
175997830,Our brains are amazingly creative.
175997831,What if there not? You’ll do the same anyway lol
175997832,That’s a good idea - I wonder who I can get?
175997833,"i’m alone a lot of the time, its ok if you have something to do, i like my little treats like food/drink and just laying back on my laptop listening to music"
175997834,It helps me with my anxiety and insomnia.
175997835,I think she does not want to be alive
175997836,That’s terrible. What drug has caused that if you don’t mind saying?
175997837,For me it was weed
175997838,I feel dishonourable when I practice Wushuwei or Tai Chi or even Kung Fu whence I have smoked within a 24 hour period. It feels undeserving of me to practice such a beautiful art when I have smoked. On occasion I still practice Shotokan so as not to smoke. I try not to do it around many people as it appears to have a violent form. I know it is not violent alone. Old footage of Shotokan Karate Self-Defense _NAME_ and The Black Murderers Note: Movement _NAME_ - Eight Great Boxers with the best defence _NAME_ Fights _NAME_ the 2nd time
175997839,I press my lips together over and over. I have been doing this since I was ten years old. It is a nervous habit. But I do it in public too. I can’t control it.
175997840,People/my voices often call me fake. I even think there are some recent songs about me being fake.
175997841,"I try to be a good person, I really do, but it doesn’t seem to be working very well. In case you’re unaware, all of that time from middle school and through high school during which I was supposed to learn and grow, I spent being ill, trying to keep up with a mind that betrayed me. I’m trying to catch up, but it’s slow going. I don’t know where the line is between helping and nagging. I do know that many people here don’t like me because they think I’m some self righteous kiss ass who goes around flagging people for random sh it. I would like to say that that’s not true. I don’t think I’m above anyone in a non-delusional sense (I do tend to have grandiose delusions over other types), and I rarely use the flag option because I’d rather have a conversation about it than just get the post removed and the poster possibly suspended. All I want is to help and keep everyone as healthy and safe as possible, and that’s what I’ve been trying to do, but if you have a better way then 
please tell me. I will never apologize for trying to help, but I’m sorry that I come across as unapproachable or as a prick."
175997842,"I’ve been talking to the ceiling fan and telling the lightbulb to flicker to prove to me Jesus is coming back from the dead. I laid down to sleep and felt soooo dizzy, but then I didn’t sleep so now I’m up again. Watched a youtube video and I think I have Bipolar2. That’s why they made everything worse when they called it schizophrenia. Still doesn’t explain my mom’s disease…other than she’s extremely Bipolar, because weed is helping her a ton."
175997843,I used to watch pro wrestling and run around in circles when I was 10 it seems kind of old to be doing that but that’s exactly what I did
175997844,Very nice work!
175997845,"Yea your right, ill stop worrying about it now, ill move on."
175997846,"I was always extremely fit and slim without effort. But i gained a lot of weight on zyprexa, especially on my belly, and became very weak. People asked whether i was pregnant. Im not using zyprexa anymore and lost part of the weight. Im within the normal BMI range (68kg with 173m, used to be 53-60kg) but i still have a belly. I hate it. I also have gut problems. I will go to an alternative doctor next week. She is specialised in food and health. I also try to cut out sugar, cook healthily every night and indeed reduce wheat and dairy. I hope it helps. I cant exercise, but instead im more active in my house (cleaning etc), i walk and bicycle both as exercise and transport and (before corona) i picked up dancing. These are activities that are easier for me than real sports…could you do something like that?"
175997847,"The opposite holds true, too. bad decisions are obvious to me but not others. Meaning ‘who’s keeping track?’"
175997848,it’s interesting how you think this is new. 50% of health care workers are not getting the vax. shun me all you want.
175997849,"Okay _AT_MENTION_!, Think About Thus. The Movie Ghostbusters!, I Mean That Movie is Worthless Without That ‘Life Aquatic’ Guy & SLIMER (!!!). Ok Ok Ok, I Know, I’m Wandering…, In Films of All Things…, But There’s a Connection…, Maybe Even a Positive Connection…, Voices…, Tactiles…, Bill _NAME_…, And Yea Even Slimer…, Not to Mention The Strokes~ ‘Hard to Explain’. (Song). Cool V(Y)D Also (!!!)."
175997850,I spent 5 hours at my parents place and I feel like I didn’t act really weird. I haven’t done that in a long long time. Usually after an hour or two I’m out of there. Unfortunately I didn’t get my shopping done.
175997851,"There is no way im ashamed of my illness, but ive learnt the hard way not to broadcast it. But if i had a fellow sz that wore a shirt with me - i would be up for that."
174341085,I like it. I don’t have the appetite I did on olanzapine and I have more energy.
175997852,"Yes, they have told me the same"
175997853,"Go on Facebook and discuss this, _AT_MENTION_ is real quick to lock stuff like this."
175997854,What else you have been on before?
175997855,I’m having a good morning. I had breakfast and three cups of coffee. My Aunt is coming over around noon so it should be a good day.
175997856,"I and we are the same, there is only one ‘person’, whether ‘individual’ or ‘collective’. Personhood is an illusion; as you eloquently put it, “a human construct that most of us find ourselves trapped in”. Existence in this realm is an imposition. And now I ask you: these ideas I’ve just shared are the craziest I ever get. No nuttier than some religions. Do I sound psychotic to you, or simply curious about existence?"
175997857,It makes me feel safe
175997858,Went to the dentist yesterday for first time in three years. Had severe bouts of toothache on upper left side. Couldn’t chew on that side for ages. I knew something was wrong but I was too scared to go. Now dentist said I need antibiotics and that tooth needs to be extracted next time I see her (Thursday) Have front tooth that needs to be seen to as well as a huge chipped tooth on upper right - that needs to be extracted as well. Aargghh!
175997859,"Thanks. I’m not really into big running arguments but I don’t think anyone s*it’s on you because of what religion you choose. Everybody is free to pick their own religion and it is probably a minority that objects to someone’s specific, chosen religion. We have many different denominations on here. I think the average member here accepts Catholicism, Muslim, Judaism, Christianity, etc. and does not attack them. You’re a Christian, right? I don’t think there’s anyone saying, “Well, this guys a Christian and I’m going to attack him for it.” Or any other religion. I don’t think anyone picking on the religion you’ve chosen to follow."
175997860,"My family GP (general practitioner) did way better trying to help me than anyone in mental health from her own system to the independent Behavior Management place I was sent to first. She had a lot of people she wrote psych meds for, plus ADHD and painkillers. She took classes constantly even after being a GP for 15 or more years. She was in her late 40’s at most, her sister who worked in same clinic was the same, but I think she was 2 years either older or younger. I just remember us all being pregnant at the same time when I was pregnant with my daughter. Each ended up with 4 kids all 10 and younger, lol. But they knew healthcare in our area was ????, hated our only medical brand available in SD area, so they did something to be the best in everything they could. They only sent you to specialist if they were for sure not ok taking on an issue. Like I got sent to a heart specialist that was pretty sure he was gonna have to do surgery to fix my valve, but he instead did the camera down my throat 
to see it better and said he’d rather wait as i was 23. Still no surgery, and i quit my cardiologist here because she didn’t like my answer of i was born with a resting heartrate of 125, and i can’t physically do a stress test as i can’t do it with my leg. That was before my incident last year. But back to it, a good GP that’s willing to take continuous classes and keep an updated med pda thing (it was like the books pharmacies had way back, drug names and generic names for whatever illness. We had an old one from hubby’s first job in a pharmacy after high school). A GP sometimes has better compassion too for MI people, they know they have lives and are human, she was our whole family doctor, so she caught a lot of things before events happened, and she would call you at home to see how things were after starting a new med, after hours, and would change it next day if there was an issue. (Only pharmacy we had she had to call all RX in, no fax machine for them and electronic was not a thing)."
174341086,"I don’t think thats true as when I am paranoid I move a lot and have much less negative symptoms. I think your ex pdoc is right but not your current pdoc. I dont have paranoia now and dont move at all. Maybe its the case in catatonia but if you had catatonia now you wouldn’t be able to write here, talk or move at all."
175997861,"Just the fact that there is an hierarchy of voices constitutes a delusion, maybe."
175997862,I had erotomania while delusional that my ex fiancee’ of years before was waiting for me to come out of a coma…it was euphoric at first but I was ill for seven months before stabilizing and it was so sad to me when I found out it was just my brain lying to me.
175997863,That’s sad I’m sorry you went through that. There are some sites like volunteermatch.com and idealist.org that list volunteer opportunities. Maybe try looking for more opportunities to volunteer? I don’t think they all require multiple references?
174341089,"My new pdoc does telehealth, so I can stay at home and not having to pay for a cab. When I switched to Abilify from Zyprexa three weeks ago, my old pdoc told me Abilify was more potent than Zyprexa, and he put me on 5mg Abilify. I’ve been hallucinating some and my mind occasionally slips into delusion. I learned 10mg was the minimum dose for schizophrenia and Zyprexa is more potent than Abilify. I’m not happy with him for telling me a story. My PCP gave me 10mg of Abilify until I can see my new pdoc. I’m glad to be gone from my old provider. I am really tired of their bs."
175997864,I take meds out of courtesy to everyone around me. I’m a dipstick unless I take all my meds. You all would not tolerate me without my meds. I’d be a crazed sociopath.
175997865,I am done with working. I don’t want another job. I am going nuclear and seeing how that goes. These people are liars lining their pockets with falsehoods and deception of vulnerable people who they take under their web of lies to consume you and treat you like a sub human
175997866,Then you just go with what inspires you. College isn’t for everyone. You sound too smart for it anyway.
175997867,It’s my first day
175997868,I’ll try that _AT_MENTION_.
175997869,"Hmm?. ‘Seek Inside Of Yourself For The Answers. Only You!, Can Control Your Mind, And It’s Time’~ Hope, True Love, Joy, And Peace!."
175997870,Love this _AT_MENTION_! Do you mind if I steal these poems? So great! You read my mind again
175997871,That’s the very question I’m asking myself right now.
175997872,People metabolism lower when they age
175997873,"Wow. When I was just in the hospital when I first went on the ward I was injected with haldol, Benadryl, and Ativan. Right off the bat. It did knock me out."
175997874,Keep us updated I wuld really like to see the finished product
175997875,"in my personal opinion, i agree with the article. more often than not… “They oversimplify, and in many cases are inaccurate reflections of, the experience of these types of problems,” this couldnt be more true. words, just like actions, have consequences. “Use of (these) terms in this way can feel minimizing to individuals who have mental health conditions,” you should care about how words make others feel, empathy is important regardless of how sensitive it makes someone seem. caring about other people is a good thing."
175997876,Me neither but I do it.
175997877,This reminds me of my dark times. I wish I had the guts to finish it off.
174341093,"Its because of dopamine. Certain regions already have low dopamine and if take AP, antidepressants (serotonin enhancers) etc dopamine in that regions reduces further creating severe negative symptoms. AP is needed if have positive symptoms as in those in certain regions in brain have excess dopamine or these regions are more sensitive to dopamine. Now the question is what can we do in such situations? There are certain things we can still do to increase dopamine sensitivity in those regions creating negative symptoms and these include. Regular exercise. Exercise and workout improves dopamine function. Essential for health. Do hard activities. Hard is subjective as for some certain things are easy but for others its hard. Anyway do those activities which seem hard, tough etc. For example learn something new like a language, programming language, read books, cleaning home etc etc. It feels tough thats obvious but the thing is when we do hard things other things like daily activities becomes easy as w
hen compared with that daily activities is easy. Avoid or limit pleasure giving activities as much. For example watching movies, sleeping during day time, sexual activities, eating sugary foods etc. Reason is these reduces the interest to do hard, tough activities also these seem to increase dopamine which in turn reduces dopamine sensitivity in those regions which is needed for doing hard works. Cocaine and other illicit substances use leads to severe negative symptoms and the reason is over flooding of dopamine in brain and over time dopamine sensitivity reduced feeling no pleasure from any activity. Excess sugar and other pleasure giving things also a miniature form of cocaine. So reduce pleasure giving substances and activities as much to prevent such issues. Do intermittent fasting. Duration depends on individual ability to go without food. For example start with 12 hrs fast and 12 hrs of eating at first then slowly increase fasting time like 16 hrs fast 8 hrs eat etc. Fasting like this improves dopamine 
function, increases growth hormone, helps in weight loss, better memory and cognition."
174341095,"It’s frustrating that they say the voices are coming from me, I can’t seem to explain it to them properly because if I could they wouldn’t say that right. I don’t know how people know my thoughts and I’m not clear on who controls mine, I know reality says it can’t be the way it is. The only explanation I can come up with is some sort of higher power controlling what I say, hear, think, see … My newest dr (because we moved house)says psychosis and PTSD I only seen him once so far my old dr says schizophrenia … I think my old dr is right …"
175997878,"“Giant egg” is triplet 5 , 23 , 421 . It was present in the page about “Easter eggs” in certain computer game (which I played a lot when I was younger and now I regret it) which was first in Polish Google for query {name of the game} eggs , it was on image associated with first “Easter egg”, on which numbers 5 and 23 were on left side and number 421 was on right side (there were also letters on both sides). How huge this egg is! What links 5, 23, 421 and 7, 29, 139? Both have three numbers in them. Both have one-digit first numbers. Both have two-digit second numbers. Both have three-digit third numbers. Both have smallest numbers which have three times less digits than largest numbers in them. Both are formed by prime numbers only. Prime numbers forming these triplets have sums of digits which are prime numbers. Sums of digits in numbers being sum of numbers in triplets (449 for 5, 23, 421 and 175 for 7, 29, 139) are non-additive prime numbers (17 and 13). Sums of digits in these two t
riplets are non-additive prime numbers (17 and 31). Largest numbers in these two triplets have digits forming geometrical sequences (4, 2, 1 and 1, 3, 9)! Both triplets are formed by five different digits (1, 2, 3, 4, 5 in the case of 5, 23, 421 and 1, 2, 3, 7, 9 in the case of 7, 29, 139), in both triplets only one digits repeats oneself and repeating digits occur two times. Both triplets have the same sum of non-repeating digits (13=1+3+4+5=1+2+3+7). Both have the same first digit in middle number (2). Sums of digits in sums of digits in both triplets are non-additive prime numbers (for 5, 23, 421: 5, 7, 7 - 5+7+7=17; for 7, 29, 139: 7, 11, 13 - 7+1+1+1+3=13)."
175997879,"OK, _NAME_. I see"
175997880,Yeah I’m going to tell my doctor it made me jerk and eye twitches real bad. I want back in my invega pills
175997881,"That was my worst delusion! Freaked me out. My thoughts were intrusive at the time and I thought it was ET or something. I had it at the mental hospital. I thought there were cameras in my eyes or that they could see through my occipital lobe. Anyways, I’m over it. The mind is very powerful."
175997882,I personally don’t need a psychologist as I dont have psychological problems. So its books for me eventhough I cant read books lol
174341097,"Welcome back!!! Could you be suffering from depression? Maybe you need an antidepressant? I told my dr just 2 days ago that I’m tired all the time and she thinks it’s depression. Or, are you stressed out or getting more exercise? Maybe you’re just wiped out."
175997883,"you are not so bad _AT_MENTION_ . we like you. life has dealt us all a terrible blow, but not going to let it be a tragedy. have fun with yourself right where you are, cognitive problems and everything. Someone told me once, ‘be still and know that I am He’. Acceptation and not rejection of who you are says I’m OK just the way i am."
174341091,"Ya I’m ok but I could be better. I was gonna wait til my next appt to get on an antidepressant but I think I’m ready now. I just haven’t been very productive or motivated and I think it’s depression. I called my doc and left a message, she’s gonna get back to me and I’m gonna start an antidepressant. Not sure which one I can take with my Abilify injection."
175997884,Yeah the points SA got really didn’t reflect the talent in the side
175997885,"I don’t have an unlimited life span to try all the thousands, I tried at least 23 off the top of my head. Not Sure if the word disability makes sense to you but for the sake of health I have given up"
175997886,The act of showering sometimes (but not always) terrifies me. I get so much anticipatory anxiety. The act itself is fine but 2 hours post shower and I am still really scared. I wish I knew what to do about this situation. Neither meds nor clinical psychology has helped
175997887,your and my case seems to be alike bcoz i too have sz for 28 years now. of course even i didnt spend the time hoping and waiting for a cure. i m saying if they find a cure i will be normal and i would love it.
175997888,Tv talked to me too
175997889,nice _AT_MENTION_
175997890,I have drum lessons in 30 minutes. I’m looking forward to it. It’s over the phone so it is not as good as being with my teacher in person. It’s still way better than nothing.
175997891,"Kinda. I can sort of generate pictures in my head, but they’re not detailed. Also, they seem black and white."
175997892,Not anymore Ithink.
175997893,"Sorry about your bf being a dick, all men are at some point or another. But are sure about your neighbours laughing?"
175997894,"I mishear stuff all the time, but luckily it isn’t hallucinations most of the time. It’s just I’m hard 9f hearing. My husband gets annoyed at me aski g what he said all the time, too ."
175997895,Than on meds. 15
175997896,"I didn’t get that on Zyprexa but it raised my bp, cholesterol and triglycerides. Also caused prediabetes. These disappeared on Abilify, Risperdal and Latuda."
175997897,"I’m 31 and live with my parents. Next year I will hope to live out. My parents want their space, especially my mum."
175997898,"Some people are just like that, I had a friend who always thought he was the boss of everything, I left him. One of my uncles was like that too and even worse, he used to beat me and my brothers with a belt. Once I took the belt from him and beat him with it lol He stopped beating us after that lol"
175997899,Good! Keep it up.
175997900,"Does anybody else have anything else like this? When I drink alcohol and alone I ended up ruminating about past conspiracy thoughts, i.e how my pdoc is out to get me, etc. I could be completely fine before drinking but will always end up thinking these thoughts."
175997901,"I don’t know why he said you’re a radical, but you do sound angry. Hang in there. It does get better"
175997902,"Whatever, the rules favor atheists and you know it."
175997903,Yeah they are always showing me torture and say its worse than a trilain births
175997904,That’s wonderful news _AT_MENTION_
175997905,"It’s really bad since school, i could do much better they said. Makes me confused cause I read it with ease except from the writings 5 years ago."
175997906,The rules and guidelines can be found here
175997907,Yea caffeine helps a bit but when I go over 2 cups/day it makes me irritable and nervous.
175997908,"if you put the cup in right, it doesn’t leak. I can put it on in the morning and not worry until night. Then same for bedtime. I feel cleaner. I used to run through super tampons in an hour or two. With pads the blood soaks your nethers. My period got so bad that I had to use 2 pads or a Depends. But i get nothing on me with a cup, except my fingers if I am not careful taking it out. I really cannot stress how much a cup changed my period. Now it’s like not having one. Question…am I the only one that would get pee on their tampon? It seemed to happen everytime, even wuen put i.n deeply. It’s like they work their way down."
175997909,"oh bro… the world is not horrid, it is how we treat it and each other because of ourselves. You keep your chin up for dear mama dude."
175997910,That’s very pretty
175997911,"Why is this happening to me? I do not deserve this treatment. I’m a good, law abiding citizen. Shy, mild mannered, mostly boring (that’s one of the voices’s favorite insults because they’ve run out of lies to speak about me). All I’m doing is living at home and trying to get my life together. Why can’t I do that IN PEACE. Why do you ??????? expect me to make the ultimate sacrifice—for what??? Tell me that, for what??? A few curse words? What is it about me, exactly? What could it be, hmm, that makes you look at me like I’m some cretin. Hmm, what could it be that cause people to see me in such a distorted light? Hmmmmmm. This is my ??????? LIFE we are talking about. I don’t know why this is happening to me—I don’t even fully understand WHAT is happening to me—but I know it’s not my fault. Somebody somewhere else ?????? up bad to put me in this situation. Now you expect me to roll over and die because somebody put me in this? I don’t think so."
174341102,"If he is indeed sz then I am interested to see what happens to how others see his integrity now. He flirts with fascism and eugenics, so credibility he pretty much deserves to lose it, but as a person in the media on the diagnosis of sz how will he fare now? It doesn’t seem to matter to _NAME_ who is not formally diagnosed but imho lives as a functioning sz with crazy ideas and delusions and is quite famous."
174341094,"I take latuda at night, my ears ring up until the hour or 2 after where I fall asleep, the few times I accidentally took latuda during the morning I fell asleep for like 6 hours and lost the whole day to drowsy ville. But it’s nice to sleep the night, on abilify I had insomnia."
175997912,You aren’t delusional right now because of your injection. You need the meds. Keep taking them.
174341105,"This definitely sounds like schizophrenia…I felt like I was _NAME_, and that she was meant to be the savior not Jesus. I’m not so sure about this anymore, maybe its the worlds way in saying we need more saviors? I guess that its possible that I could be her reincarnated, but most people would call this delusional or “grandiose.” Anyways, these types of thoughts are considered schizophrenic."
175997913,"Gout has been suggested, but my toes don’t hurt.The soreness on my right sole although hard to handle is less worrying than the sleep issue it’s causing ."
175997914,really nicely made =D and happy mother’s day!
174341107,"I’m thinking of starting a schizophrenia blog about recovery. It won’t have much religious content, just going to say that religion can possibly de-stress you, but it also might cause you stress, so I don’t advocate it necessarily. My intent is to re-frame schizophrenia from what people believe is a spiritual illness, to a biological one, with definite cause and effect. Also want to document my recovery process and talk about methods of reducing neuroinflammation and SZ symptoms to comfortable levels. I might have affiliate links on it though! Wondering if that’s permitted. _AT_MENTION_ , would like your opinion."
175997915,Having suffered through hallucinations and delusions (psychosis) should be the entry ticket. Suffering from highs and lows and anxiety or depression are tough mental illnesses to deal with but none of it constitutes schizophrenia. Schizophrenia.com is a site for people living with schizophrenia. I have no interest in serving as entertainment for people. For educational purposes of caregivers or friends or family members perhaps ok but then again this great site has served as my private sounding board with my partners in suffering and triumph and I’d prefer to make it and keep it an exclusive club. I need the sense of belonging and acceptance my friends who have endured the real thing share with me. I don’t think schizophrenia.com should be transitioned into a washed out general purpose mental illness site / forum.
175997916,As I’d really like to be able to manage my life in a big way and accomplish stuff. How to get rid of the elses opinions and replace them with my own?
175997917,One of the delusions ive had in the past (sometimes more recently) is that I’m not quite 100% human. Like I’m partially descended from some other form of life or otherworldly race. I eventually came to the conclusion that these delusions were formed because of how different and cut off I feel from other people. And feelings of worthlessness too I guess. Anyone else ever believe they weren’t fully human?
175997918,"Not many people, % wise , are particularly academic during their school years . Nowadays, though things still need to improve, there is a vast difference between the help for children with global or specific learning problems/mental ills/ASD etc than was available when I was at school."
175997919,"My life is all about it. I hate that it is. See the pdoc today, finally. Hopefully a med change will change that."
175997920,The last time I got out the hospital I went to look for a trailer to live in because my mom didn’t want to be around me currently we are closer than ever funny how things go
175997921,Switch to vaping to stop smoking.
175997922,"I’ve been there. My voices were so strong I couldn’t even focus on doing the laundry. And thought racing - oh yeah. I would lay on my bed staring at the ceiling unaware of the passage of time. But guess what. Once I resumed taking my meds, in 3-4 weeks I was as good as new. I also got rid of some of the negatives after the last episode. So I’m against the opinion that your brain can get irreparably fried during psychosis."
175997923,"3 times a day is my go to number when in a relationship or seeing someone. Some days I would go up to 5 times in a day. Nowadays I suffer from _NAME_ and can’t have sex, boner pills don’t do the trick at the moment either, as the problem is my prolactin levels being elevated, which the boner pills don’t seem to really do the trick for… Hoping to be back to my normal sexual functioning self asap."
175997924,That’s not going on. Thanks anyway
175997925,"Very good job, _NAME_ ! You have a talent . I like the grey etc…"
175997926,"No, my mom is not an abuser, she cares for me and will help me go to college when all this is over. She’s just an ásshole sometimes."
175997927,I’m putting this on a half hour timer because I will be going out to dinner and unable to monitor the discussion and it’s already drawn several flags. Everyone get in your comments while you can
174341106,I don’t know what i’m doing in CS:GO Competitive. People’s kick me from match because i’m so bad at this game. Do you think i play normally if i were be healthy and without medicines?
175997928,"My voices hate me for never having girlfriends, a job, etc., etc. Who else are they going to hate? Themself? I am he. I have not been in touch with myself since I got ill, so I just never knew I cared. Now my Self is my ego( egotistical )and I now have a new Self. I have proved unworthy of myself by my bad sportsmanship. I am the new me and I have won."
174341114,"I work at my own business for 24 years now, gets harder as I age cause a lot of lifting heavy stuff"
175997929,"Hmm. An Extension?. Lemme See…, LIKE AN OCTOPUS (!!!). Or A Jellyfish If You Chose Jelly Jelly You’d Probs STING Mee… . … Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!."
175997930,I wouldn’t say that. “Where there’s a will there’s a way” as the old saying goes. I just don’t have any will to date again. I’ve never tried online dating but apparently it’s much easier if you’re a woman. Did you sign up for eharmony ?
175997931,"My working memory is not as good as before but the biggest problem for me is long term memory, for example I remember only like 20 names of all the people I met in my life, I forgot all the names of my teachers and most class mates and generally I don’t remember much about my past life."
175997932,"That seems like a smart move then. Like because you have more time to choose, more chance of finding something you actually like. But even if you don’t during this Lockdown, you preoccupied your time well, and tried in a non pressurised way, I hope. Since finding a job during a pandemic is harder. Are you not on antidepressants anymore then?"
175997933,I like mathematics and mind-body spiritual sciences.
175997934,"I used to have dreams of my other life there was a green shed, and a room full of flower pots my aunt was as sour as misery I was a poor orphan of the sunflowers I told her I could make the flowers bloom I told her I could make them grow from dust she. did. not. believe. me. though. she threw the pots against the walls and watched them grow! And they continued to rise through the tears in my brown eyes out of the dust, a broken shattered window memories of infinite lives overshadowed through the plots that continue to be thrown against me. In the other life I was that same girl with brown eyes My aunt was poison apples this time Her withered mind, like sour grapes I grew agape with joy for miracles I walked barefoot down the mountain I started shaking the fences The scientists walked out the doors I found akasha within the machine where they told me I would find God when I woke myself up a secret Queen I made the scientists disappear the mind was the Greatest Engineer."
175997935,"Big time improvement! Lurasidone has no side effects and complete remission of my psychosis (Hallucinations and delusions). _USER_ID_: Olanzapine wasn’t totally effective, although it was not bad, but the side effects were bad. My physical health was awful. That has all improved now. I find Olanzapine helps with anxiety though, so I remain on a small dose, but I would like to get off it completely if I can."
175997936,Shaving and plucking certain areas A private regret Drugs alcohol Can’t decide which is the worst regret. Probably drugs n alcohol
175997937,"Oh I see. In that case, I think I am glad I didn’t go. It sounds like the neuropsych doc mostly helps you see what areas will be hardest to recover. I have the type of personality where if I know in advance something will be incredibly difficult, I don’t bother to try. If I have no idea what I’m getting myself into, I can usually work it out and find ways to work around it. I am not a quitter, but I am one heck of a procrastinator. I think most of my recovery happened because I didn’t understand enough about my injury to realize it was “impossible” to recover from. If I knew then what I know now about the brain, I probably would have given up driving and reading."
175997938,"I’m on xeplion and I have no sex drive and sexual dysfunction. I really want to change medication, but my doctor has refused. It’s very depressing to be married and have sexual dysfunction."
175997939,This is how I am constantly feeling also!
175997940,_AT_MENTION_ don’t feel bad about not being able to reach out all the time. Even mentally healthy people don’t reach out all the time. Sometimes people need time to process things and deal with them. It’s ok that that’s where you are right now.
175997941,Yes people have told me I’m gifted in drawing and painting and writing. Also wrote poetry as well.
175997942,i quit but mainly because nicotine was making me sick so i couldnt really continue and i only smoked and vaped for a few months mostly out of curiosity just wanting to try it
175997943,I was a very heavy smoker. Now I’m nicotine free. The thing about emphysema is that it is progressive. My emphysema is getting worse even though I quit greater than five years ago. _PERSON_
175997944,Looks better than my place and I just moved in too! Nice job pulling the room together.
175997945,Wasted the whole day. I had an appointment to get my laptop fixed but at the last minute I got distracted and didn’t leave enough time to take a shower and get ready. So I will attempt tomorrow. I took a nap and planned to get up and go to the park but I slept until it was dark out. All I did was get a coke at _NAME_’s and then sat in my car listening to my new CD. I’m not overly unhappy so that’s a plus.
175997946,"sometimes I think im part vampire and that I sleep with them and communicate with them in my dreams. In a past life I thought I was a sun kissed blonde god who spread my seed to all nations and had more kids than I could take care of. I’ve never thought I was in a simulation, but I did one time think there was like a cannibalistic telepathic being that was all things. like the people in the cars driving by, people in the streets, and that he was who I was talking to when I would engage with people, I even thought he was my parents sometimes keeping me company. sometimes I think things aren’t real until you actually place yourself in them. for example we have a lot coal barges go up and down the river, and I started to think there weren’t accidents because I had yet to put myself onto one of those boats. If I worked on one like I was considering, I thought we would have a crash in the fog and I would die. what do you think of this?"
175997947,"_AT_MENTION_ I really don’t know. I’m not sure if it comes across in the photos, but it seems very well-worn. I get a sense of it being someone’s personal property … well-used and well-loved I am a huge fan of rustic, so when it shows wear and tear this pleases me all the more"
175997948,Are you getting trolled or are you the troll?
175997949,Thanks all. I will have my blood drawn and see if i can change diet. I think medwise i cant find anything better than now. I already quit zyprexa for haldol and use it as little as possible for me. But thanks for the recommendation!
175997950,"https://www.psychcongress.com/node/324592 In a large sample of people at high risk for psychosis, baseline abnormalities in recognizing negative emotion were associated with a low level of overall functioning at a 12-month follow-up. Decreased gray matter volume in brain regions involved in processing anger and fear was also linked with lower functioning at follow-up. Researchers published their findings online in JAMA Psychiatry."
175997951,I am feeling better in public as well. Not so uptight and anxious all the time. It’s a good feeling to have.
175997952,"Ever since some stalker pounded on my door at 1:00am, I didn’t like living here. I was careless and gave my address to some places, then it became even worse living here. A place I used to live at, never informed me I owe $127, and wouldn’t let me pay it off, to move back. Another place approved me once, but I changed my mind. I don’t think they’re going to approve me. Plus, stalkers keep accusing me of things. They’re trying to hold me hostage."
175997953,I’m more concerned about being forgotten in this life. I have abandonment issues. No worries about after I die. That will take care itself. You will only make your friends sorry when you leave. Wouldn’t that be enough?
174341119,"Hey, wondering how things are going for you regarding _PERSON_. I’m dealing with primarily negative symptoms and am considering it as an option moving forward. Gonna talk to my psychiatrist about it next visit."
175997954,You should tell your pdoc. They can help you
174341122,Do you find that it’s helping you? Have a good time in group.
175997955,Couple of things you can try. Test your thyroid level. It should be in optimal range. Ideally TSH value should be less than 1.0 for optimal function. Thyroid hormone is essential for general well being. Its critical for thinking. Take omega 3 fish oil soft gel daily. Its good for thinking skills and overall cognition. Test your vitamin D and B12 levels and correct it if its not in optimal range. Antidepressants and antipsychotics can cause cognition issues including lack of thoughts so if you are taking any try to cut it or reduce usage.
175997956,"I think mine is genetic. I had no other causes. I read online that sz is 70-80% genetic. I have friends who are indentical twins and both got sz at about the same time. Their case is more severe than mine. They have lots of positive and negative symptoms. They never shower and talk to walls, to their hands, fight with each other constantly, yell in public, etc"
175997957,All the spirits who have passed are either in hell or heaven no ghosts
175997958,"dope, kinda looks like graffiti but i dont know what it says haha. how did you make it, like is this digital or scanned or what?"
175997959,"_NAME_ says new drug for schizophrenia, break through. Can’t tell me the med, can’t tell me if it’s now on the market. just wants to promise me. well, okay."
175997960,"Yeah, like those awful 70s decorating schemes such as avocado or mustard colored appliances and counter tops and dark wood cabinets and paneling. 471×600 77.2 KB"
175997961,Abilify does seem to work pretty well for me in stabilizing my mood. You have tried it?
175997962,"Voices feel real, that’s why people get deceived by them. The confirmation emails thing can have a bunch of reasons. No one is able to block you from having them. Voices aren’t real, they’re just voices."
174341120,"I have been on Abilify for a long time, I have a high sex drive but it has not made me gay, think that is silly"
175997963,This is wonderful _AT_MENTION_ ! You have a great voice.
175997964,"How true, how true…"
175997965,"I used to suffer badly with this, but not so much recently thankfully. Think my Landscaping is keeping me busy enough that all this crap has gone into the background. Find music soothes as well, and stops my mind wondering to such dark places. Try not to make a pre-occupation out of it. You’ll find out when your dead and have plenty of time to do it!"
175997966,Well that makes me feel great about taking daily 1000mg of Depakote for the last 10 years. I’m guessing it’s only an issue in pregnancy. I wonder if it’s possible to make a third generation of antipsychotic? One with even less frequency of EPS. Or maybe the definitions of the generations are such that it’s not possible.
175997967,"It’s acrylic yes, See anything like what?"
175997968,My meds don’t help me
175997969,I feel like ????. I feel internal turmoil
175997970,Part of the problem is we live in a world that constantly bombards us with tremendous negativity. It’s hard to be positive these days even without mental illness. I suggest going into nature and connecting with all that is not man-made.
174341121,"What I recommend is Vraylar, partial antagonists cause less negative symptoms. Abilify and Rexulti too but these can cause addiction and hypersexuality side effects according to FDA and Health Canada. It happened to me. For me sadly, Vraylar isn’t available in Canada."
175997971,"Lets see if sarcosine is bs or if it can really get me out of bed, I will give it 2-3 weeks."
175997972,I think they will agree with me
175997973,Risperidone/Risperdal.
175997974,"Beautiful relaxing insight into mental illness. Thank you for the post, I found it inspiring to go see my physician and stick to whatever treatment option they give me."
175997975,What does it mean that you were transferred? Will you be able to see a new pdoc?
175997976,Can you take a medicine to help with your insomnia and hand tremor?
175997977,I’ve had a lot of relationships with women who either over ate or under ate when they were upset.
175997978,"To be honest, i dont think i would. doing freelance work tires me out and makes it hard for me to draw things for myself when im constantly drawing things for other people. Though I do want to go to school and take drawing classes so i can improve even more!"
174341123,PubMed Auditory Versus Visual Neuroscience-Informed Cognitive Training in... We conclude that the visual training and the auditory training are differentially efficient at remediating cognitive deficits and symptoms of clinically stable schizophrenia patients. Ongoing follow-up of participants will evaluate the durability of...
175997979,The drug name is Alkermes 3831. When will this be available? I’m trying to do so much research on it and cannot find when it will be available
175997980,"I can understand this. Part of my stress is actually that if I fail the current year and am asked to retake a year, I don’t have the 10,000 pounds required today to fund it. That fear has made it even harder to get through. At first I was scared of relapse, but I got I’ve gotten over that. Now I just replay and replay the possibility of having to retake a year."
175997981,Thanks _AT_MENTION_. That was sweet.
175997982,"The 3D modeling I’ve found isn’t really my interest, sorry"
175997983,Sarcosine helps me a bit. I’d also swear that _NAME_ oil in my diffusers also helps (look up the research there). Mainly it’s mentally pushing myself HARD every day that does it.
175997984,feels good but now im hopeing they approve me how many have you have gotton approved. cant wait feel excited.
175997985,Would the Ashwagandha increase my estrogen too?
174341117,"Warehouse work seems pretty mentally light. Also you don’t need to remember much. It’s fun too, lots of down time where you can talk with the fellow workers. Whatever blue collar thing you choose, be proud of it! Earning money as a schizophrenic is a huge accomplishment."
175997986,"Not interested in debating Big Pharma with you. You asked a question. I have an answer. If you continue attacking me over it, I will close your threads. If you continue after that, you will be suspended."
175997987,"I don’t know if it’ll work. But modafinil. It works or has worked, very well for me. It’s a waking agent that students often use illegally for exam cram sessions, it does help you feel happy and also feel alert Worth a shot You live independently don’t you? or with your father right? That’s achievement in my eyes, cos you’re responsible for yourself (something I don’t seem to be)"
174341118,"As a schizophrenic and a member of this forum you should know why not everybody can work. Personally, for years I’ve admired the people on here for their desire and efforts to work, even if they don’t always succeed. Just having that desire and willingness impresses me."
175997988,Yeah few places are open at 6AM. What is drawing blood? Whats the purpose of it? For a blood test?
175997989,I’d paint it white. The other colors are too hot for _NAME_.
175997990,I guess no one can know really not even a psychiatrist. I have to try Vraylar and hope for the best.
175997991,? didn t ate sugar since my childhood but my brain still it s in a mess.and i feel getting worse by time.
175997992,"I don’t work but I volunteer. I visit with the sick and the elderly in a very nearby nursing home. I love my job. I do it for an hour, one day a week."
175997993,i dont like sleep awake cycle of everyday life espicially during everyday fasting of ramadan life is better than past ramadans but depression strike me nowdays ** i spend most of my fasting sleep but depression may be becoz long time sleep and short time awake and if i awake during fasting i suffer like no other person anyway thanks god i can fast anyone has idea on how to face that depression voices punish me if i eat during day of ramadan they act if they are sheiks punish punisher punishment i talked long ago to aperson who is email contain punisher word afterthat i got the voices that punish on everything they see it is bad thing !!!
174341127,Hoping I adjust well to abilify dont want to lose the gains made by risperidone
175997994,My parents are good but not very good. I am the sh!t. Just a ball of fat on bed 24h/7d.
175997995,"No, I think I got it as a kid or younger. I remember getting sick in 4th or 5th grade on a field trip really bad. I could have been infected as a younger kid because I played in the dirt a lot and with dogs and crap. I also could have got it from contaminated food or water. Basically, once the initial infection started as a kid plus a poor immune system or something and poor genetics, it could have started the initial decline. I noticed a huge different and decline after I got sick in 4th or 5th grade on a field trip. I started acting different and lost social skills and stuff. Even felt awkward. Currently, I have no problems with my stomach."
175997996,I had a psychiatrist bring up possible mood issues in front of the entire waiting room.
175997997,"I like your random profile picture of garlic. Which country are you in, I’m in UK"
174341124,You should really find a solution to your insomnia. I know that you still want the Abilify even if its causing insomnia.
175997998,That vegan food group sounds interesting. Do you post recipes?
175997999,Xeplion 100mg monthly shot
175998000,shock and powerless
175998001,"The biggest ‘high’ I ever get, is creating a song/ idea from my brain…collaborating with a fellow artist…and producing a taped version of it. It’s very rewarding and satisfying."
175998002,"So very frequently when I go somewhere, like for example the grocery store, random people will say something abusive to me. I usually ignore it and go about my business but sometimes I snap back. Like today. I know it is probably best to just ignore people but then I start hating myself for letting abusive people get away with it. But then I end up not liking myself for snapping back. Anyone else? What do you think I should do in these situations?"
175998003,_AT_MENTION_ Oh the suggested amount is six pills a day? Oh! I’ve been only taking two. Now that I know that it’s six pills a day I’ll take more. I wanted to take more of it because I think it’s very powerful! How long have you been taking amyloban 3399? And how are all the other ways you naturally cure yourself? What other natural cures do you use? Do you have an old thread talking about this I’d love to read it. Also I suffer from not being able to do things and trying to move my body but it doesn’t respond. I go in and out of this day by day. What type of natural cures have you used for that if you experienced the same thing before and is amyloban helping with everyone actually getting up and doing things?
175998004,I just got out of bed on a Sunday earlier than I have to for work during the week
175998005,"Clinci sent me questioner. Asked reason for MRI, I said anxties around lump in armpit. On questioner asked if I have mental health problems, including depression. I’m going to tick no. If I tick yes they may deny me?"
175998006,That’s beautiful _AT_MENTION_ ! I’m sorry she passed.
175998007,They offer more stability and less chances of relapse.
174341128,"The initials PRN stand for the Latin phrase pro re nata , which means ""as the situation demands I have Vistaril, I don’t like it too much. I’m hoping my new pdoc will give me some Ativan then I can use that. Probably if I was really bad off I would just take an extra Saphris, it’s pretty sedating and it works in about 20 minutes or so and it’s better than Vistaril. Either that or go to the emergency room and see what they would give me."
175998008,"No, I have never had ECT, but I know it has side effects, for example amnesia. I hope not to need to have ECT, because it really scares me."
175998009,More often than not going off one’s meds is a bad idea. Please talk to your pdoc about this.
175998010,Thanx Broseph (!!!)… . …
175998011,"I was told by my Pdoc that anything under 200mg of Seroquel isn’t really an antipsychotic, it’s more of a sleep aid. Unless you are already on another AP at the same time, I would imagine it is rare that a Pdoc prescribe 100mg Seroquel for the purpose of being an AP to be used in monotherapy."
175998012,"If you are feeling suicidal or having a mental health crisis, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a crisis intervention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. You do not need to be actively suicidal to benefit from a crisis hotline. International crisis hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Crisis hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide suicidepreventionlifeline.org Home Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for ever
ything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
174341133,"Yeah, it’s this one:"
175998013,"You can customize it? Like boob size, ass size, eye and hair color, etc?"
174341134,Yes but it doesn’t always happen to this extent. I think its’ the anxiety but I have an app coming up and will know more then.
175998014,I was told not to send a Christmas card to my in-laws when they were in Saudi Arabia. It’s not allowed.
175998015,"_AT_MENTION_ Iam 40 years old got into Debt in my Mid-Late Twenties when at the Height of my Paranoid SZ, paid all my debts off when I got a new job at 31 years old after being Sectioned for a month.Been Debt free for 8 years, but any future Credit for me is a NO NO iam afraid witn my poor Credit History/Rating"
175998016,I’ve been stuck right at 158.2 lbs. for several days now. Can’t seem to break that plateau. I want to be at 150.0 lbs.
175998017,I have a fan for sleep
174341142,_AT_MENTION_ pls don’t update every single day … its better you update couple of week or once in a month … CAUSE of schizophrenia is Still not known … Some people take limited to unlimited benifits From therapy tms rtms light therapy … But not all … So its super hard to convince them … I respect and value what you are doing … But don’t expect magic out of it … I would always like to stand by you to the road to recovery … Take care friend lifes is short … And being proactive we should see and utilize every possible thing … Saying fake to everything beside medicine is not good and healthy even homiopathy works for some … it helps some illness like in the begening phase … not all … So people should stop calling herbs ayurved homiopathy a fake business … The dilution method homiopathy use has science behind it … Few scientist already wrote about it … In India and Nepal … the only homiopathic medicine approved to use for covid 19 Are Arcenic album 30 potency … pl
us five other too … The health ministry of india also accepted that few covid 19 patient who were administered arsenic album were recovered … Watch it on youtube … I can’t post video as i am a new user …
175998018,"I cant say I had a good life. Bad divorce, family issues, sister was brought in to see a doc after skipping school lots and stuff. Im sure I wasnt ok and didnt socialize much."
175998019,I´m very sorry for your loss.
175998020,"You apologized, that was all you needed to, not leave the forum over it. Sometimes we have a misstep, doesn’t make us bad people. You belong here."
175998021,They say “oh we want to stop suicides among the mentally ill” but they still bash the ???? out of those with mental illness in media. They are hypocrites and full of hatred. They give me no reason to like them.
175998022,your so encouraging thanks Star84. i personally dont see that much resemblance but i do like her eyes in my drawing at least . never made eyes completely dark with no reflection in them but nw i know it can look ok like that
175998023,how to get out of the foster home asap
175998024,Thats wat my voices say that nothing is real and I live in a dome
174341143,"Don’t live by yourself. Open up to your friends about your deepest worries and pains. Avoid getting drunk or stoned. Find new meanings in your life if you’ve lost the old ones. Maybe your partner has ditched you or a beloved pet died. It’s not the end of the world. Don’t live inside your mind. Communicate, accept help and learn to be grateful for small positive things like a sunny day or a good meal or a smile you get on the street from someone you don’t even know."
175998025,It’s a mitochondrial support supplement that’s good for many things.
175998026,schools always been tough for me. i learned math from grade 5 - grade 12 over the past few years though. from age 28-32 off and on. that was one of the hardest things ive ever done in my life.
175998027,You’re excluding the sane ones?
175998028,Medicine doesn’t really work for me as I still hear and feel the voices. Is this case for others?
175998029,"ADs didn’t help, just made me more sleepy."
175998030,I discovered Lions Mane might have cancer fighting properties too.
175998031,Lying in bed. I feel half dead !
175998032,The problem with dating Another mentally ill person Is you’d have to synchronize Your good days.
175998033,_AT_MENTION_. I’m here if you need to chat. I’m awfully sick though- but I still have to work.
175998034,Thanks I hope you find a combo that works
175998035,Does an antacid help or is it imagined?
175998036,"Nah, not true. She probably doesn’t know you exist. (Speaking from experience) One has to pick up the pieces and try for another. There really is more than one fish in the sea. It just doesn’t seem so when you are infatuated. Good luck."
175998037,"yeah its sort of spooky sometimes, but I assure you its all coincidental. I don’t know how long you’ve been suffering from these confusions… but it gets to be easier to just shrug the crap off after the 15th million time. They may always feel more than coincidences… but you’ll never settle on grounded sense of what the coincidences mean. Because they actually don’t mean anything."
175998038,I felt good about donating to a charity where surgeons go into the poorest areas of the world and operate on children who are born with a cleft palate free of charge. Without this corrective surgery those kids are doomed to a life of being picked on and ridiculed and ostrazized for life. It’s not a well known charity but the work it does is invaluable. I haven’t donated for quite a while and now I can’t even remember the name of the charity.
175998039,I once colored a _NAME_ picture at a hospital gave it to a guy… he really liked it and put it on the door so everyone can see… it was nice
175998040,Runaway train! Yes! That’s what I was gonna post!
175998041,"Thats, good! I think I heard of that shot, is it an old anti-psychotic? _AT_MENTION_ I think it would be good to ask, they used to have me on haldol, worked great for me! Might ask them to consider it again. Hmmmm… Good point."
175998042,Or just being dumb.
175998043,How much did you take? My pills are 120mg L-Dopa.
175998044,"Kinda random question, if I can ask, did it take you a long time to find the right meds?"
175998045,It’s hard and scary. I want to be left alone.
175998046,"We don’t have this in the UK, but from what I have read and seen through forum posts is that the side effect profile is kinder than most. It’s a lottery to be honest, but good to know what you’re signing up for"
175998047,I’m a huge fan of Geodon too. It takes care of your symptoms without dulling your mind.
175998048,This one I did this morning wen I was extremely low. I had to give up with it cos I just couldn’t. But it’s still OK somehow IMG_20200508_2113433840×5120 2.83 MB
175998049,"btw… _AT_MENTION_ don’t be asking what u should do on a sz site, do your own tin"
175998050,They are safe. They are prescribed by my Dr. and the lady from meds management offered to bring them by today rather than make me come to the office but she never showed. Now I have to wait another day to start my diet. And I’m really excited to start and it’s just rude that she said she would come and never did.
175998051,Making chocolate sounds very difficult.
175998052,How come the weight gain didn’t stop after you were off your medication??
175998053,"Yes it is! … I tried, so I’m glad someone recognises it"
175998054,i just like the therapeutic atmosphere.
175998055,"When the pigs show up toting glocks, For a “wellness” Check, Daddy Came To The Door As Well As I, This White Dude Who Bitched Outed A Doctor, Didn’t Get Shot. But, I was later was framed, Like _NAME_."
175998056,Got a Samsung Galaxy s20. And an S10 i keep as a spare. I only got them cos im on a contract - otherwise there is no way i could afford them outright.
175998057,That’s my favourite one
174341147,Abilify is a good choice if you suffer with metabolic issues.
175998058,"That´s what I worry about. I should keep learning from my mistakes. The problem arises when this kind of self imposed limitations makes you completely antisocial, which is my case. I think that you need to share things in a conversation to be able to hold it…"
175998059,"Uh, what you have is a horrible plan to erase yourself. Please don’t. Also, you’ll have the unfortunate affect of confirming _USER_ID_, not reducing it. You’ll go out of the world making the thing you care most about reducing that much worse through your actions. I hope you’re reaching out to some crisis supports? Please?"
175998060,"Not really, if you take a poison it will kill you even if you think it won’t. Don’t try it!"
175998061,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
175998062,That is so cool
175998063,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174341144,Mortician or psychic
175998064,"Spiders are well known for killing and eating each other. Violence is pretty glorified, especially in video games. I’ve murdered thousands of people on video games, lol, it’s basically the goal of 90% of games that I play… kill before you get killed. Does this make me more violent? No. I’m not sure if it affects others, can only speak for myself."
175998065,You parents were in the same situation though: they also got genes from THEIR parents they couldn’t choose.
175998066,I’ve been told that it’s a sin to have children because I have MD and it’s genetic. (Which is a lie. My faith doesn’t have any rules against genetic disorders. All disabilities are welcome)
175998067,"I can understand people wanting to clone _NAME_ or that guy from _NAME_, but your high-school classmates?? Sometimes you go too far."
174341152,"google.com one third of schizophrenics only have one episode - Google Search Clínic Barcelona Progression of schizophrenia Prognosis, the rule of three thirds, suicide, life expectancy"
175998068,Just keep practicing. Eventually you’ll start to believe the new narrative and it’ll change you.
175998069,i feel judged all the time
174341146,"there is no conclusive finding on an exact cause of schizophrenia. One element is genetic. experiences/stresses are another, there are also neurological/neurochemical elements. Have you experienced anything else strange lately? what about difficulties with getting things done like motivation or finding tasks just more effortful than normal?"
175998070,"Just reported my two new diagnoses, and the operator told me many people will be getting extensions to their PIP reviews. Now I am January 2023 instead of January 2022, so they have added a year on I am so happy as renewing this I foresee will be very difficult, but at least I have more time to not have to have that money at risk, as I am so reliant on it to top up my income each month Thought I’d let everyone know they’re doing this, and you may get a letter so don’t panic when you see the brown envelope come through the door"
175998071,I have no friends anymore…
175998072,"It’s been said that… “Comedy is tragedy plus time.” I feel the same way about my delusions sometimes. When I’m in the thick of it, it really is brutal. But with time I look back and realize how ridiculous it all was."
175998073,do u tend to avoid certain websites? i do
175998074,"It depends… When I’m psychotic, yes, absolutely. My delusions are almost always grandiose in nature, at least in the beginning. I am always the chosen one, sent by forces greater than us for some special purpose. I am always special. When I’m not blinded by delusion, like right now, I tend to hold the belief that no one was born with a purpose, because that’s up to us. You have to make your own purpose. Fine your passion, find your talent, find your place. “You set the tone.”"
175998075,"I’m addicted to coffee, fizzy caffeinated drinks, I binge drink alcohol."
175998076,"You don’t know about zen, so here now I can’t expound the great teaching"
175998077,_PERSON_ I know what you are talking about there was this one guy in hospital who believed he was a major recording artist and that rihana was in love with him he was waiting for her to pick him up in her hallicopter. Years later he no longer has these delusions and is getting paid for work and has a girlfriend of his own who he stays with.
175998078,"Om, I might go to Greece this Summer. Let me know if you want to meet up."
175998079,"My job was work-from-home before COVID, continues to be now, and will be in the future. It looks like my wife’s job is going to flip to work-from-home next year. If that’s the case, we’re moving moving west to the mountains (a limitation of my job is that I have to live within a province that we have branches in)."
175998080,i’ve only just started getting treatment so no meds. they want to try cbt first. only taking citalopram like i have for years. i’ve not actually been diagnosed with anything except bpd. the doctors acknowledge i’m going through psychosis right now but no diagnosis as of yet- just joined this forum as i can relate to other people here.
175998081,good job on the improvement!
175998082,They tell at me job and lazy. I am not either ???? you . I’m a fruitcake. Stop trying to tell me who I am and mind your ??????? business.
175998083,"Freedom of speech means the government cannot punish you for your words, unless they are words of violence. It does not apply to this privately funded website. You have to agree to the terms of service to speak here, and every breach of that terms of service will be dealt with as is appropriate. And, again, the internet is not America. Only 3 of 5 of the moderators are American."
175998084,"My pdoc intends to make me quit zyprexa cos it is responsible for weight gain, as he said."
175998085,There is absolute truth. It is not usually what we expect it to be. It often confuses the wise. We usually do things with a purpose. Poets Have an idea of what they are trying to say and often say it well. Even painters have to confuse the issue before they come out with something different. I admit it was just an excuse to witness. How do you PM somebody here? _AT_MENTION_
175998086,"You can exercise without being social, when I ride my bicycle I am alone which is also good during this coronavirus crisis."
175998087,I dont anymore…because thats not what I want or what I need…I found myself on many levels… So yeah…we are probably different…what hair color are you…
175998088,"I’m forcing myself to be interested in activities even when I’m not. It’s working so far, even when I don’t feel like doing much. Even without joy, life can still be worthwhile…the important part is keeping occupied. I know I feel my worst when I am sitting around mourning the fact that I’m not feeling enthusiastic. Getting up and doing something is a good way to get rid of those thoughts in my experience."
175998089,"en.m.wikipedia.org Equivocation In logic, equivocation ('calling two different things by the same name') is an informal fallacy resulting from the use of a particular word/expression in multiple senses within an argument. It is a type of ambiguity that stems from a phrase having two or more distinct meanings, not from the grammar or structure of the sentence. Below are some examples of equivocation in syllogisms (a logical chain of reasoning): The first instance of ""man"" implies the entire human species, while the second imp..."
175998090,I’ll probably inherit my Moms dementia. Having dementia is horrifying. I would rather die before I’m afflicted.
174341157,"Military Times – 6 Aug 17 Neck injections a viable treatment for PTSD, researchers say Century-old anesthesia technique is known to treat PTSD successfully in case studies, researchers say. Do you think it could work for schizophrenia?"
175998091,"I went to a grief support group after my dad died, and I did one on one counseling. The benefits of he support group aren’t just learning coping skills. You can make friends with others who are dealing with the same thing as you. You should see if you can still join late."
175998092,"No, it didn’t. I’m really healthy."
174341154,"Sorry, I meant it makes me worry having NO periods."
175998093,What’s your bmi
175998094,I feel nothing on 25mg. Would need at least 100mg for sleep.
175998095,Good thanks. Not up to much as usual. You know demons don’t actually exist don’t you?
175998096,Those look adorable and delicious.
175998097,A few weeks at most for me.
175998098,Driving the kids to school. Hopefully take a nap. Pick up groceries. Pick up pizza for supper. Go see “Little Women” with my sisters.
175998099,be careful with the blood thinners. Just lost my dear landlady to a severe stroke caused by blood thinners. Deadly outcomes. Be warned.
175998100,"There is currently a big push for public healthcare. If that happens, the entire medical billing job would change and you might need to relearn the system. Look into how the field is different in Canada and overseas and see if it is still a job you want."
175998101,"I was on four or five different meds. Now on risperidone and xeplion. I feel like knocked out and still having delusions and hearing voices. On the other meds it was the same, but way more awake and even more delusional. I won’t change my meds anymore."
175998102,"Do you ever think this never ends? Like you take one medication then you want to lower dose, and after lowering dose you want to change meds, this never ends for me. I should stick to one and forget about it, maybe is because i stay home with comfort and nothing to think about but meds meds and meds."
175998103,This is true. I read the course content and they do train you to cope with these types of things. I want to help but it seems that I am not going to be able to work in this field. It’s a shame as I got shortlisted
175998104,They say that every time u quit u are closer to quitting for good!
175998105,Isn’t it funny even though I’m a female I can hear a man’s voice from inside me
175998106,Psychiatry Advisor – 10 Jan 20 Lower Income is Associated with Higher Incidence of First Psychiatric... Incidence risk ratios for adults varied from 2.94 in the lowest to 4.46 in the highest income deciles.
175998107,Haven’t noticed this myself. Does he still experience this when he properly season his food?
175998108,Did you grow the bonsai tree from a seed or was it already started?
175998109,I would be a lot worse off. I use this forum to cope with my illness and it helps a lot.
174341159,1975-1983/1988 (DX changed sometime between 83 and 88) 1983/88 - 2005 Schizoaffective mixed type mostly.Occasionally bipolar. 2005- 2018 Personality disorders 2018- Best fit reckoned to be ASD and schizophrenia 2019- Asperger’s dx .
175998110,"I started to suffer as kid…Maybe it wasn’t a sz then, cause kids have rarely a sz, maybe a depression, I am not sure… I was a paria for all the years that followed… Introverted, wasn’t able to smile or talk or even look at the other people’s eyes… Intellectual deficits too. Body pain too… In fact one doc suggested, that so much suffering is a sign of another mi, but I had the diagnosis of sz too. I had the diagnosis of borderline once too… I had 8 stays in hospitals, with not big help… Lately, I deal per moments with so much pain, that its not even human tbh …But for all this time I needed friends, I needed a real life, I needed maybe a partner idk… Never had this… I guess I can be mean too sometimes just by pain… I guess its up to me to change too, but I had 20 years of isolation so now its really hard to get out of this hole… Can I ask you _AT_MENTION_ how you deal with your suffering? Just don’t get desperate. Things can always get better I think I was quite destr
oyed by a very abusive father, but its a bit of genetic in my case too… Try to seek for some small pleasures and activities if you can . Me, I still am obliged to lay down in my bed for a few every evening, cause I get so exhausted that everything in my body and soul hurts… Take care"
174341158,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov A cross-sectional examination of the clinical significance of autistic traits in individuals experiencing a first episode of psychosis. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, MR _PERSON_, A _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ Wood, Psychiatry research, 2019 12 Autism traits are found at elevated rates in individuals with schizophrenia spectrum disorders, however, there is a lack of evidence regarding potential clinical impact. The current research aimed to examine potential associations between autism traits and symptoms of psychosis, social and role functioning, and quality of life. 99 individuals experiencing a first episode of psychosis took part in a cross-sectional interview and self-report questionnaire which assessed current symptoms of psychosis, autism traits, functioning, and quality of life. Participants were found to have a high level of autism traits. Higher autism traits were associated with poorer quality of life, functioning, and current psychotic symptoms. Rec
eiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses indicated that optimal AQ cut-off scores to predict severity of psychosis symptoms, functioning, and quality of life were lower than those used to suggest likely autism-spectrum diagnosis. Results suggest that autism traits are associated with poorer clinical presentation in first-episode psychosis populations, even in those whose traits fall below potentially diagnostic thresholds for autism. Psychosis services should be prepared to adequately address the needs of individuals with higher autism traits."
175998111,"First of all dry the strip with some cloth then open the strip to get individual tablet. If its hard then its not damaged. Tomorrow also do same, if tablet appear soft then not take it."
175998112,I have friends who have had great experiences with it. Enjoy yourself!
175998113,I have 10 days to pack up my entire house and I haven’t really even begun. I’m starting to feel a little panicky but yet I do nothing about it. Sigh
175998114,If its paying your taxes then its definitely the governments fault
175998115,You’d have your own insight to others for sure which would help. It’s not an easy profession but not unreasonable if your stable. That is the key. Nurses get some good time off and I’d be using that if your thinking of it. Holidays and sick days really can be beneficial if your not well…but I’d agree…stable is the priority.
175998116,"Called in sick timely-like so they could find coverage. Whereas in the past I would just no show. Feeling like an adult. Stupid flu, happened at the worst time with me just starting a job. I’m glad you are alive _AT_MENTION_ and the surgery went well. Hamburgers for dinner."
175998117,No. I’ve always trusted doctors and it’s worked out ok. Even rabidly psychotic I’d take the pills. Just don’t think about not taking any of them now as I know they help me function. It’s like allipuranol for goat. Miss that you know about it so my psych meds are like my physical meds. It’s not an issue for me.
175998118,The words were a labyrinth when we went round and round unraveling more than strings I was stepping bringing sunlight like a bowl of oranges I’d clean any mouth that took this chance of certain discovery and kiss goodbye the years the orchard failed to carry the morning into a must have talk I said it before that the peace in the end will be worth the work of clearing the mind like a back space of how it was written for us long ago when everyone said take your time first learn to walk find your way into the center and out
175998119,Good to have you back _AT_MENTION_
175998120,I remembering having problems with diminished selfaffection before I was on meds. It really felt like I was dissolved in the universe (at times) and had no sense of self or personality. Fortunately these cleared up with medication in my case.
175998121,Put it under your tongue and let it dissolve. It’ll hit your bloodstream quicker is the process. It can help if your in panic mode.
175998122,I’m worried of my physical symptoms Guess I should meet a doc
175998123,"I eat the same stuff every week - apart from Wednesdays when my parents come for food, and I do something different. My apple watch counts everything for me, and I do look at it, but it doesn’t compel me to change anything about what I am doing."
174341165,"When people talk I can’t focus on what they are really trying to tell me. i think I may be hallucinating when people talk too. I’ve been told I speak in a very disjointed manner when off meds…and im off half my meds. (on abilify, not taking zyprexa 20mg). _USER_ID_: I would take the zyprexa but I’m concerned it’s bad for me somehow. They would say this is just paranoia, but idk, 50 years ago they would have cut parts of my brain away by now, so what do they know. But like I said, idk."
175998124,Congrats on the progress!!!
175998125,Nothing can show your thoughts. It’s a delusion.
175998126,I have refills I need to get tomorrow
175998127,I didn’t vote at all this election year. I just couldn’t decide between the two of them.
175998128,Quiche is how it’s spelled _AT_MENTION_
175998129,AC on right now on the coldest setting. Ceiling fan on high. Need to feel reality It’s like 50 degrees outside but the window has AC in or I’d keep the window open
175998130,I still find it tough! I got found out with my volunteer job this week. Stuffed up some things whilst busy. I tend to rush in and do things in the now and not think of the consequences. Got some harsh criticism but I got through it. I agree it hurts to be corrected but sometimes it’s something to make you not do it again. Still. Appreciate your point. Some people can be overbearing!
175998131,I used to be a good artist and poet. Today I don’t have the spark or motivation to create.
175998132,That’s normal for us.
175998133,I agree with you. I’m a country gal. I favour the country and would hate to live in a big city.
175998134,happy cake day and good luck!
175998135,I didn’t realize what a snob I was. I am enlightened. Poor isn’t bad.
175998136,Onnittelut _AT_MENTION_ congratulations ….
175998137,Wow you ok 1515
175998138,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175998139,I originally wanted to vote no but I was swayed by the mob mentality. I think you should take the week off and try and enjoy it and perhaps look at getting on disability if you find the same thing this time next week.
174341166,I want to go swimming and I want to do normal stuff BT can’t sleep I’m having panic attacks and the faces and voices ate now giving me pain in my limbs I’m on abilify 10mg it don’t even work
175998140,There’s vegetable protein in beans and rice and it’s inexpensive. You could try that.
175998141,At least y’all will be together!
175998142,All psych/medical face to face appointments are cancelled here now. Having to do everything over the phone.
175998143,"The typicals can cause all those problems you mentioned, did they ever try second generation drugs on you?"
175998144,Trying to get everyone I’ve interacted with to participate:*)
175998145,Yeah… not saying marriage is the end of everything though
175998146,Benztropine stops my akathisia after 30 min. _PERSON_ said to take it when needed but I hate having it in first place and I have to experience it for 30 min. It prevents me from sleeping because it often happens during sleep after midnight or right when I try to sleep at night.
175998147,my sister once called me so extra she was really angry when she said it it was during an argument over something PETTY AND I think it was relating to me not working etc I mean the extra accusation she just doesn’t get me and its sort of sad but what can I do I just am not into people who only like me when I feel recovered she hasn’t got much compassion at least that is what it feels like to me when I greet her at the door to come in she just ignores me so I will stop greeting her now…boundaries…
175998148,Congrats… N.
175998149,"Hmm. Hello _AT_MENTION_…, How Are You Feeling On Thus Fine Universal Eclipse?. I Have A Proposition For You. Filled With Sparkling Embers Of Eerie Trips. Would You Like To Be The Leader Of The New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Messengers?. Yes Or No Is All Me & _AT_MENTION_, Need During These Meaningful Travels. . . . . . ."
174341175,i think i am straight but when i take the meds i feel like i realize i am not…
175998150,"That’s amazing, congratulations on your gains! It’s much healthier physically. And it sounds like it’s mentally healthy for you too. You’re putting work into bettering yourself, and that’s admirable. Something not everyone can do. Keep up your good work, you’re worth it! People love you for you, and want you as happy as possible. You’ve got a llama in your corner wishing you the best!"
175998151,"Lol ok cool, I think this place can be a really good way to interact with people"
175998152,First time I thought they were gonna kill me in the ward. But when the meds kicked in it’s mostly boring there.
175998153,Are you this way all of the time? That must be exhausting. Do they subside when your level headed and well rested. I’m worried mine are gonna come back fully after an traumatic event like loosing my mum
175998154,"So if you had the symptoms, then nothing was faked?"
175998155,Elderly people are so much fun. My grandmother who’s been a Christian her whole life will surprise you by the little bit dirty stuff that comes out of her mouth. She’s 93. It’s hilarious. One time I was out with her and she said about my grandfather “Doesn’t he have a cute butt?” Holy crap!
175998156,Just drink what you like. I don’t believe that what you put in your body in terms of food choices makes that much difference towards mental health.
175998157,What do you mean?
174341185,My brother. He refuses treatment amd is much worse off than me.
174341173,can u please stop? you are a schizophrenic and that’s all!
175998158,"I’m not on meds now but was on Loxapine. I might try a different ap because Loxapine was making my hands and legs shake. I have a psychiatrist appointment tomorrow, so I’ll see what he says."
175998159,well let us know what the grocery store says. Do you have enough to get you by just in case they can’t deliver till next week either?
175998160,"Obsessed with obesity. Thin shadow, in the sun, sunmaking, suncooking"
175998161,"I get those too! en.m.wikipedia.org Hypnagogia Hypnagogia, also referred to as ""hypnagogic hallucinations"", is the experience of the transitional state from wakefulness to sleep: the hypnagogic state of consciousness, during the onset of sleep (for the transitional state from sleep to wakefulness see hypnopompic). Mental phenomena that may occur during this ""threshold consciousness"" phase include hallucinations, lucid thought, lucid dreaming, and sleep paralysis. The latter two phenomena are themselves separate sleep conditions that are somet..."
175998162,"I’m applying for low stress jobs, well, low stress to me. I’m applying at a warehouse and at a resale shop. I’m still being followed and recorded though so I don’t know if I can handle it or not. But it’s worth a try. They harassed me at my last 2 jobs so I’m honestly not that optimistic."
175998163,"the door is a big thing, they hold it for me, and hold it for anyone else. Kindness is treasured."
175998164,I find distraction does help me to forget about my sza symptoms. Not immediately but sooner or later
175998165,Did your doctor tell you to increase it ?
175998166,"idk i saw a course but i’m not sure its for me, i’ll need to think about it, it would start in august though so i’d have time to prepare, is in july 10am-6pm that’s intense"
175998167,"Awesome goals _AT_MENTION_ My goals are to go back to school to become a dental hygienist, move to South _USER_ID_ on my own and get back into horseback riding. As far as my mental health I would like to learn to manage my symptoms as best as I can with as little medication as possible."
175998168,Everything looks askew or distorted. Things look shimmery. I see shadowy figures. I see bugs scurrying along the baseboards. People’s facial features look evil.
175998169,Maybe i should be thankful its not an option and I keep trying but I struggle very hard and I struggle to feel happy
175998170,how does one hold ones breathe
175998171,Check out this webpage where you can write anything!! crazypages.freeforums.net Home | Crazypages Visit our forum at: crazypages.freeforums.net image2048×2048 704 KB
175998172,"I think so because they are convincing. Since they stem from your mind they are an expert on all your strenghts and weaknesses, which makes it hard to beat them."
175998173,I don’t understand… What are you saying about mirrors.
175998174,You got this _AT_MENTION_!
174341179,"Yes. Loneliness was one factor that drove me to seek out people and behaviour that was bad for me, and accept abuse rather than be alone. Which didnt exactly contribute to my mental health. Perhaps also not being able to connect and share my inner world with others made me drift off in a wrong way."
175998175,"I know how that feels. I hope the best scenario works out for you, whatever it may be. But just remember you’re just there to work, not make friends. Just continue being kind and helpful and hang in there if you keep the job"
175998176,That’s weird. What were they questioning you about? And what logins?
175998177,I work very slowly… how can i live if no one give me a job?
174341174,"Some of them, like Naben and Evenamide are being developed for adjunctive use. They have different mechanisms than 1st and 2nd gen APs. They are being tested on people who are also on APs. Looks like the ones targeting cognition will be adjunctive."
175998178,"I have trouble reading books. I have trouble pacing my thoughts. This could really help me learn to learn better. I am going to start exercising every day, and I think that I will start taking some online courses. I have an account with course-era maybe I will ask my dad to send me my money back and find an easy-self-paced class that will help me. I was taking the covid-19 trace class and doing well, but it was free and I became discouraged because I wasn’t sure what to do with that certificate and I fell behind. I will have to really dedicate to doing and completing a course and see if I can get an income before my SSI hearing in May, and then I will tell them about the job I have. I think if I just keep trying and not giving up that this will encourage me to feel more prepared for the hearing, and know myself whether or not I qualify for help from the government."
175998179,"Should i be worried, would she report me to the police after 2 years. it was a one time thing."
175998180,Where I went you had to ask them to unlock the bathroom every time you wanted to use it
175998181,I read this wrong lol.
175998182,That’s terrible that that happened to you. What did he die of? My mom died of kidney failure brought on by type I diabetes
175998183,"Hey _AT_MENTION_ Yeah it’s nuts but it really, truly is so good for you to give up especially if you’ve health concerns. Hang in there and be strong. It’s never easy but just take it a day at a time…Most people relapse when giving up. That is why I say don’t be hard on yourself. It’s a nasty chemical. It operates on receptors in our brains which is interesting. Tabacco came from South America I thought…? Be strong but don’t be afraid to ask for help from your doctor."
175998184,Hang on a sec…The box says Crazy _NAME_’s Discount Jewelry??
175998185,Good luck! Changing meds is scary. I hope it works for you.
174341182,PubMed Self-Awareness Deficits of Cognitive Impairment in Individuals With... A significant proportion of patients with schizophrenia can accurately estimate their cognitive skills. Self-awareness of cognitive deficits in individuals with schizophrenia is an heterogenous phenomenon and misestimation of cognitive functioning...
175998186,I used to think it meant multiple personalities.
175998187,I have my laundry basket blocking.
175998188,I get less anxious alone but if it gets too quiet or I’m not distracted my thing in my brain taunts me with contradictory narratives.
175998189,"If you are in Europe, I guess you can try, I have seen very curious cases. I don´t know about the USA. But it depends on a lot of factors. If we don´t know more or less the facts we can´t say anything about it."
175998190,"I have already identified the mechanism of action of my schizophrenia: Some forces( let’s call them objects) are sending invisible signals to my brain that cause auditory hallucinations, involuntary talking and shouting, involuntary body movements, irritability etc. Now I will move further in my attempt to discover exactly what kind of signals they are and how to block them."
175998191,"Me? I was lol because I remember some Spanish. Sorry if I upset you, hon."
175998192,Yeah I think that’s also just part of growing up ie even non schiz people experience this.
175998193,"Thanks, just what i wanted to hear right now. My friend left me an hour ago, and still i feel lonely, but not as much now."
175998194,"If it did anything for me it just put me in a better mood. Other than that I didn’t feel anything, didn’t make me tired, didn’t reduce anxiety and the whole better mood thing is probably not CBD related either ha. I’m not saying it’s snake oil but it is oil…"
175998195,"This is a delusion. Its so odd that I hope you would understand that it is one, but even so its hard not to be captivated by the allure of a delusion. No one is going to hell when you push your engine button. Its probably an idea of grandiose sorta feeling like you have a spiritual connection to the world and that an act you have is associated with some spiritual feeling of power. Nothing of the sort is going on. Its just a delusion."
175998196,Welcome to the forum!!! I think you’ll find the support and camaraderie you want here
175998197,Awesome story. I was thinking the same till my late 20s. Omg. Don’t think back… Foolish.
175998198,"Its good you have your family for support, and dogs to take care of. I love puppy parents they are the best parents"
175998199,"Hi, _AT_MENTION_ , how are you.145"
175998200,Nobody’s hitting on you though. That’s kind of overprotective.
175998201,I wanted to ????????????.
175998202,Calorie requirement?
175998203,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175998204,I agree with everything you said except the part where you said that our statuses will change when the next recession hits. I highly doubt that.
175998205,It’s really simple arithmetic. The psych meds make you fat.
175998206,"In Canada urban people generally don’t use cheques. Rural people use them a lot. _USER_ID_ _PERSON_ kept trying to write cheques in the city when we first got married and was angry that no one wanted them, but she grew up on a farm and lived in small communities her entire life before we got married and moved to the capital city of our province. Took some effort to get her to stop picking fights with every store we went into and to just use a debit card instead."
174341187,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Diagnostic stability and long-term symptomatic and functional outcomes in first-episode antipsychotic-naïve patients with schizophrenia. LR Klærke, L Baandrup, _PERSON_, BH Ebdrup, C Pantelis, BY Glenthøj and MØ Nielsen, European psychiatry : the journal of the Association of European Psychiatrists , Oct 2019 11 In a prospective cohort design, we investigated: i) diagnostic stability of initially antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia patients, ii) symptom severity including symptomatic remission, and iii) functional remission including full recovery.We included 143 antipsychotic-naïve patients with first-episode schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. After 4-18 years, we clinically re-evaluated diagnosis, symptom severity and functioning for 70 patients. From the nationwide Danish registers, we extracted pragmatic outcome measures for 142 patients. We examined associations between baseline variables (age at diagnosis, sex, and premorbid intelligence) and long-term outcome sta
tus (symptomatic and functional remission).At 4-18 years follow-up, 80% met the criteria for schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, however, despite the high diagnostic stability 53% met the criteria of symptomatic and/or functional remission. Symptomatic remission characterized 34% of the patients and was associated with female sex, better premorbid intelligence, and a younger age at schizophrenia diagnosis. Functional remission characterized 41% of the patients and 17% of patients met criteria for full recovery both of which were associated with female sex. The clinically re-evaluated patients did not differ from the drop-outs on key register-based variables.We confirm the emerging evidence of a decreasing long-term diagnostic stability of schizophrenia, and a protective role of female sex. The association between premorbid intelligence and symptomatic remission underscores the pertinence of including cognitive deficits in the diagnostic category of schizophrenia. The association between younger age at 
diagnosis and symptomatic remission may reflect positive effects of early detection or a drift in the interpretation of the diagnostic classification system."
175998207,Your fears are extremely unlikely to be true. There is not cyanide on your clothes…Your mother is not trying to kill you and there is not drugs in your food. The chances that these are not delusions are extremely small. Especially all three. Why would anyone want to poison or drug you? I know exactly where you are coming from though. I use to believe very similar things and they all disappeared with my AP. I understand how real they can seem but they are not. It’s paranoia.
175998208,Isn’t it full moon today.i feel awful. Must be the moon.
175998209,"If you are feeling suicidal or having a mental health crisis, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a crisis intervention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. You do not need to be actively suicidal to benefit from a crisis hotline. International crisis hotlines: suicide.org Suicide Hotlines - Suicide.org! Suicide Hotlines - Suicide.org! Suicide... Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Crisis hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide suicidepreventionlifeline.org Home Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text 
message. We're here for everything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
175998210,"my longest staying out of the hospital since my diagnosis is 27 months. that’s current. I don’t have any reason to check into one at the moment. a little mild depression at times, but I can sleep it off and start anew in the morning. things are going ok. I don’t foresee any hospital stays for me any time soon."
174341184,Only when i post too much on forums. The people i talk with become mini mean personalities in my head.
175998211,"I was once unfairly fired, because a Supervisor didn’t like me. She claimed I didn’t understand a simple test when I was a Medical Technologist, because she was mad about screwing up a test. It was just a test where you look for a reaction under a microscope. All my classes I had to identify things under a microscope, I got a 4.0 in. I later got a 93% on an exam to be a Laboratory Scientist. She just didn’t like me. I also got fired once, because I was not interested in my job and was more interested in a real estate job I was working at, at the same time."
175998212,"I tried 42 mg for like 2-4 weeks and quit it. I noticed I ate like 50% as much and no noticeable symptoms except paranoia from it being too weak, but I’m used to high dosages of meds. I really liked it. I ate like 1-2 times a day total on it."
175998213,I hope you enjoy it.
175998214,Mother daughter relationships can be something else.
174341186,I’m still on abilify despite me complaining loudly about it from time to time. It’s keeping me sane I guess.
175998215,I don’t swim because I can’t but I’m into lifting weights - going to try and do some reps tomorrow with my dumbbells Need to sort out a diet as well Really want to get my shape back
174341191,PubMed Association Between Autistic Symptoms and Self-_USER_ID_ in Patients with... This study is the first to reveal the association between autistic symptoms and self-_USER_ID_ in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. Our results highlight the importance of considering autistic symptoms in the assessment and management of...
175998216,Meditation with proper posture. I almost never do the proper posture part. A fire under my ass.
174341192,Exactly. Lol…
175998217,"Yeah, I too don’t understand how you can have sexual thoughts with a woman you can’t smell, touch and verbally communicate with."
175998218,Very nice! What a thoughtful gift!
175998219,I think it disabled me by 90%.
175998220,I do that too. I think to see if I trust them or if they are tricking me.
175998221,"well I don’t like like this, it reminds me of being psychotic."
174341195,"That’s too bad. When my family lived in a duplex when I was in fourth grade, we lucked out and got almost literally the best neighbors I ever had."
175998222,"Something else to consider: shitzus have notoriously weak stomachs. My dog needs grain free organic dog food, or else he will get diarrhea. My friend’s _PERSON_ will only eat wet food and raw carrots, or else she will vomit everywhere, then try to eat it, and spread the mess all over."
175998223,"im not overly ambitious or hell bent on success. but i find i am more satisfied with life when i am doing things and have pursuits. like when i was young, it was my goal to get a basketball scholarship, so i practiced everyday and was content. then after i dropped out of college, i got a job and tried to save some money for expenses. and then i began to travel and hike when i got diagnosed, filling my day with activities. now i do very little, and feel very dissatisfied. i feel like it’s the opposite of mindfullness and being content in the present moment. being active just distracts me from my emptiness, and will give me stories to tell when im older and am no longer mobile or physically fit. so i feel this need to fill my day with more activities, but maybe i just need therapy. does anybody else have similiar experience? with needing to do things, just to stay satisfied with life?"
175998224,If its entertain u and speak to your soul its not dead end. u should be proud u know how to play piano. and keep u busy in your mind which is good in our condition.
175998225,"You need to consult your medical team EVERY time you decide you want a change in medication. If you absolutely need a change in an absolute hurry, call the emergency line aka 911. If you do anything else you’re being irresponsible and making the medicines job and the psychiatrist’s job harder."
175998226,Has anyone here ever taken doxepin? I was just prescribed 25mg of it for insomnia
175998227,Awesome!!! I’m not able to afford one. So glad you can! That’s great news!
175998228,All the time to be honest. It’s what my life mostly consists of. Whether I’ll be functioning or not.
175998229,"Shadow people is a common delusion. If you try using your imagination to imagine a person, the figure will seem shadowy and undetailed. That is because your imagination is not strong enough to create the picture of a person in your head. That is why when people hallucinate people, they often refer to them as shadow figures."
175998230,me too i wish you all the best
175998231,What do you mean?
175998232,"Dear Potato God, Why have you lied to me my whole life? why did you pretend to be a good and wholesome vegetable and now i find out you are niether? You are not good for me and you are what is called a Tuber, so now i have shown you for what you really are, a lying filthy starch infested Tuber Why oh Why should we bow to you now?"
175998233,Best to take care and lock down if needed. Otherwise you might end up like the U.S. Click plot to enlarge. Screenshot_2020-09-11-19-40-18_kindlephoto-10398051728×1082 67.3 KB Screenshot_2020-09-11-19-40-03_kindlephoto-10437226738×1068 73.7 KB
175998234,I don’t know where I’d be if I didn’t have day treatment or support groups because I don’t like being completely alone. Sometimes I try to set normal people standards for myself rather than treat myself as a person with limited abilities who can’t have a decent life. For example I try to watch movies and read even though I get less out of it than before.
175998235,"I feel sorry for myself but I think I need to take AP indeed. if my pdoc decides that I can stop it will be an experience that can work well or badly. Anyway, i’ll go to visit a neurologist because of my acute dystonia."
175998236,"I live on my own with roommates. They keep me company, I don’t have to worry about home repairs and my rent is rather cheap because I just rent a room and bathroom in the house. It’s a pretty great deal and I feel really independent. All my family lives 1300 miles away from me too and they aren’t supportive so the distance is nice."
175998237,I seem to remember that was the case with me. It was over a decade ago now.
175998238,Blur~ ‘Song 2’. (Song).
175998239,Awe. Hope your ok. I don’t know the specifics but every now and then someone I know and love will give me a good kick up the A$$. I don’t take it personally…well I do but I get over it quick. It’s nice to have people who care deeply about you. Even if they give you news you don’t want to hear. It is for me anyways.
175998240,beloved brother and son.
175998241,I had a caregiver that lived with me while she was here she helped me alot I miss her and wish she didnt leave me. I was doing good before her I think and I’m doing good now i think but having help helped alot plus having someone there with you. I’m not going to lie I miss having a caregiver.
175998242,I’m scared of this too because I’m divorcing my husband and hope he won’t come after me. He’s not that type to do that but I still feel paranoid anyway
175998243,Yeah I’m hoping it’s just the beginning learning curve that is hard
175998244,"#naturallycured my questions have been the same from 2010: Who, What, Why, and How?"
174341199,"I have had no negative symptoms during ten years after hospitalization. Since then they gradually increased in a way they became very disabling : avolition, clinophilia, carelessness…"
175998245,EurekAlert! Social isolation during adolescence drives long-term disruptions in social... Mount Sinai Researchers find social isolation during key developmental windows drives long term changes to activity patterns of neurons involved in initiating social approach in an animal model.
175998246,"I have both, fears and avolition. Sometimes they cross paths. Like when I have to take a walk outdoors."
175998247,Another trip around the sun. Are you trying to catch up with me. Happy Birthday _AT_MENTION_
175998248,"I’m going thru this with my daughter and her husband right now. Blocked, and now it’s a drag for them to hear from me. I have no filters, really, and doubt I’ll ever change. Love me, or leave me. I won’t keep trying anymore. If she doesn’t need a mother, then more power to her."
175998249,"yea your right, but he beat up a elderly asian women, for all the people he pick the weakest one. He deserves what he got. I hope he gets a ass whooping jail."
174341198,trauma can definitely cause pychosis. Unsure if it can cause schizophrenia
175998250,"Off and on, but it’s good to see you again. I hope I can be more consistent on this site."
175998251,"How do you do it. If I were just to quit those three I think I would recover tomorrow. I’m addicted to caffeine…seriously, smoke colts and drink occasionally."
175998252,Hey. Don’t beat yourself up about it. It’s so hard to give up but it’s worth it. It really is. For health and for you hip pocket too. Over here nicotine is taxed to the extreme and that will catch up to you eventually. Give it a go and see how you do. Most suffer a setback so be kind to yourself but I wish you all the best. I’m not up on this vaping stuff…I gave up cigarettes. This whole new world is new to me so correct me if I’m wrong…Be strong. Stop it and replace behavior with good things like exercise.
175998253,while we empower others we empower ourselves
175998254,no its liquid wheat germ oil. which has a high vitamin e content. so i just take that. 2 softgels pills i guess a day. much like fish oil pills. im always paranoid the chalk like pills are just rubbish.
175998255,"Yes i do that too, keeping them out. First i made excuses. Now i just tell them it is too much of a mess. Im happy now with the new clean house i can invite people! And i will get a help, so maybe it stays that way."
175998256,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Yea entreprise but most hackers don’t target home users. I haven’t got a single virus since Win XP days. You only get viruses when you download hacked/pirated programs like torrents and when you visit dirty infected websites like porn maybe.
175998257,I took mine already.
175998258,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_ But, I did have failures due to the sz making me careless. That’s the tragedy of it and I wince to remember so experiences. But, I’m still alive. Nobody attacked me for a disappointing performance yet."
174341201,5 To 7 years…!!
174341202,"Took the day off work. Not to celebrate, I just have a lot of stuff going on and needed to take care of it. 59 years old with 40 years of schizophrenia; what a long, strange trip it’s been."
175998259,"In Order to Escape Language, Perhaps One Hums?.., Like Sign Language Swimming in The Breath of The Trees, (Chrees)…, Where Does That Bring Spiritual Nature Spirit Mind Souls Like Us (???)…, Humming is a Language of it’s Own I Must Admit…, Close to The Perfection of The Lushtaflurriah’s Perhaps?.., For if it Isn’t Understood, That Doesn’t Mean it’s Meaningless, Unless The Goal is to Own in a Form of Ancient Control…, Which, Sadly, Some Seek…, What Hurt Them?.., Strange Thoughts I Admit…, But There Has to Be a Solution (!!!)… . …"
175998260,excuse me what are you saying ??
175998261,"So I’ve googled forex trading for the first time and realised that I know nothing about it. I assumed it was just buying and selling world currencies, but it seems to be more about betting, indeed there seem to be something called spread bets, which is a term I’ve heard before, but don’t really know what it means. Also, the brokers seem to charge fees, but these aren’t designated in dollars or sterling but rather in “pips” (funnily enough). I’d like to do some more research. I had thought of how I would do it if it was just buying and selling currencies without a time limit. But the idea of bets implies a time limit, and that is more problematic and much more along the lines of gambling. I had wanted to do it to help me manage my solipsistic global world, balancing the world’s economies and my understanding of them, however being subject to the changes in the dynamics financially is not something I am particularly interested in. I will have to do some more research. Thank you."
175998262,A “normal” person with DID Your jab at me is noted. But again NOT EVERYONE INTEGRATES It’s NOT HEALTHY for everyone. Also your book about “multiple personality disorder” ITS NOT EVEN CALLED THAT Not everyone with DID integrates Not everyone wants to integrate Not everyone needs to integrate Its perfectly fine and normal for me to not want integration. My doctor approves and continues to work with me and my alters. She agrees that they help with my functionality. There is nothing wrong with me being a multiple.
175998263,I was rude to other girls. Couldn’t take the competition.
175998264,"I used to not like seeing myself in the mirror. I’m still not thrilled with my appearance, but I have learned to accept that it is what it is. I workout and diet and those are the best things I can do for myself. What I look like after that is something I need to accept"
175998265,_AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ Sorry for you both.
175998266,With iPad …
175998267,"It may be that you’re being controlled by such silly/dangerous process as well, and the voices are simply playing a game on you, pretending to be giving commands in advance."
175998268,"Yes, I’ve tried both with no success"
175998269,She doesen’t know about my sza
175998270,I believe that! _AT_MENTION_ If I make good decisions as well and not bad ones the voices seem to not be as harsh
175998271,"Let me explain first, I don’t know if I have brain regressed, I don’t know who shares the same symptoms that I have, I was mind raped, when the symptoms started my mind would reproduce these killing scenerios, over and over… its as if I was posessed. People started to cough outloud, and I would do it right back with anger in my heart, I thought that peoples lifes were taken away because of me, or the tumor so they say. People make me believe I’m the devil Fast foward 2 years, and there I am thinking I’m putrid inside and my perception of people is as if they were dead, I have smelled funky odors here and there, I dont know if their dead odors or what These pills dont work at all, is it going to get better? People tell me my death wont matter"
175998272,I’m going to taper down but with my doctors consent. Get back on your regular dose immediately and call your doctor. Rule number 1 Don’t mess with your meds.
175998273,Very good !
175998274,The only thing that really improved this is 2 cups of strong coffee in the morning. There is no meds or supplements that improve this according to my psychiatrist and my experience with many meds and many supplements.
175998275,"Who tested you and what tests did they make you do? I never had such a test, just had an IQ test."
175998276,_AT_MENTION_ Hope everything goes well
174341204,"Yeah, it causes me a ton of stress. I feel like an actual celebrity would, constantly trying to keep up a good image with my “audience”. Deep down I feel like if I don’t, they’ll realize what a horrible person I am and start hating me. It helps me cope with loneliness and a lot of other issues. I have no friends in real life and I haven’t for years, so they’ve always kept me company. It helps me cope with feeling like no one really cares about me. I’m suicidal a lot and being under the impression that millions of people will be hurt if I kill myself has kept me from doing it many times. I believe all the people in the world I look up to know about me and like me, and that I see them talking about me in coded ways on social media, and it’s the ultimate validation. It also makes me feel like I’m a good person because I’m open about the fact that I’m schizophrenic to “them” and it makes me feel like I’m helping other people by being open about mental illness. There’s a lo
ng list of other factors too I could add too, but those are the main ones I’ve noticed. It pretty gives me the sense that I have everything you could ever want in life. Being loved, being important, people liking you, and I also feel like it promises me a good future, like one day when I publish a book it will be successful because people know who I am. It’s all an elaborate fantasy of having everything a person could want. All the things I feel like without this fantasy I’ll never have. And yes, I second wishing that movie wasn’t a thing. I doubt the people who created ever anticipated the affect it would have, but damn."
175998277,"Yeah, I had to get away from the roommate and the neighbors. Just about ten more minutes of Physical Graffiti in my car and I’ll feel better."
175998278,"I’m nursing a rum and lemonade hungover. And pondering about my own existence, but that’s more of an everyday chore."
175998279,Usually jail time for the fact that their homeless.
175998280,There are lots but right now I feel it’s a nice entree plus dessert at a grill or steakhouse. Maybe I’ll make pasta tonight??
175998281,I’ve been on psych meds in general for 28 years.
175998282,"14 soon to be 24 diagnosed at 14, psychotic break."
175998283,How do I stop ruminating about the voices?
174341213,Nvm it does. I want something that doesn’t affect dopamine…
174341207,The ‘confluence’thing is that my ‘nest egg’ got clobbered and my Dad does my taxes and he will see. There’s a huge ‘pep in my step’ though bc as I shared with the forum it’s in 4 ideas that are helpful to Schizophrenia. And I’ve been consistent in these holdings for approx 2 months. As for coming clean I don’t know what to say. My folks aren’t exactly perfect people. I’m seeing it now finally because I’ve been immersed too long. Maybe they’ll catch me or maybe I’ll make it to Monday and quietly replenish. I could go on…
174341210,30 mg _PHONE_NO_
175998284,"In my opinion, it can. It’s not the best, or first option. But when you’re on the battlefield, at war with opposition, sometimes there’s no other alternative. Removing a leg due to gangrene in the civil war, removing an arrow in ancient times, a tourniquet to save someone from bleeding out due to a bullet wound. Save the looks if you can, if you can’t, at least save the limb, if you can’t save the limb, try to at least the life. If you can’t save the life, at least ease it’s suffering."
174341219,Through this process I learned what schizophrenia is and what it isn’t…! That’s been an eye opener for me as well
175998285,"10 years. Now I realize its a amazing gift that I got I had been working in customer service for 3.2 years and finally quit as quality analyst. Later took up farming as urban farmer in hydroponics. Now I am able to follow my dream. And how its possible you may think? Never doubt you cannot do, because brain is the one that is affected, but not the thought you have. First step is to not to skip your meds. Second never doubt you cannot achieve your dream. If you skip a med it will definitely impact the brain that would lead to wrong thoughts. But the good news is in the past 10 years I have worried too much and my quote goes this way…"" You are never right, if you are never wrong"". So, I stop worrying and let the doctors do the work and I am chasing my dream with meds. The only thing which stopped me was doubt. Even you fail 1000 times you are in the right direction, I failed 10 years in chasing my dream. “Fail with meds, but not without them”."
175998286,May I ask what med you change to?
175998287,Idk which crazy delusion to pick. I didn’t want to go into the ambulance. I thought they were planning to chop me into a thousand pieces with a scalpel.
175998288,"Yes, it’s a very real sounding voice…very intelligent and firm. I feel like I have a narrator of my life"
175998289,Thank you so much _AT_MENTION_ i very much appreciate u
174341217,"I think the easiest is to work with my mother in her friend’s accounting office, I can keep asking her questions and she will never get mad. Also I can ask her to verify my work anytime."
174341212,"Schizophrenic die 10 years earlier then normie.Schizophrenic also use tobacco product,some…tobacco product cancel 10 years out of your life.Average lifespan of male is 75"
175998290,"get a litte spiderling, it’ll live in a little tub that sounds interesting, is it like a shed or a hut or like a room or what?"
175998291,_AT_MENTION_ Me too. 1515556
175998292,"Just this morning my mom made me oatmeal and my dad smashed the bowl when I didn’t come eat on time. I’m told I have no pride left?? Both my parents feel I’m not the responsible and mature daughter I’m supposed to be at this age. I am taking it personally. Just last week I had an episode and I’ve been switching between meds with bad side effects all month. Right now my benzo is really sedating and I have no energy, so a spent most of last night in bed. My dad says all I do is go out everyday and sit at the coffee shop and sit on the bus. I have no life. The thing is, I really like making my parents proud of me. I go out on the bus in hopes of resting enough to get energy back. There’s just no way I can help out around the house more than 20 min at a time right now. My concentration and energy are low, and I feel my parents aren’t exactly going to get so depressed about something so small and easy to change."
175998293,Biotine mouthwash made me more thirsty used it at night before going to bed. A nightmarish night with little sleep -
175998294,The 700-750$ is from SSI
175998295,Say you’re in school. Saying you’re in part time is even better for long gaps.
175998296,First of all I know you’re mad but the 22 year old is just a young guy. Why not try to talk to him first?
174341214,from tobacco but you also get gum and patches with it
175998297,You got to take a chance and find something to do. Some kind of activity that you can do 3 or 4 times a week. Just sitting in the library reading a book or magazine occasionally would be better than staying in bed all day. Go take a walk maybe. Take a bus somewhere. Go early to a mall and walk around or if you have a safe downtown area take a stroll and get some fresh air. All good ways to shake things up and get out of a rut.
175998298,"That’s really too bad. Alot of parks like that, usually have a yearly sticker around $12. That really makes it expensive."
175998299,"I welcomed my diagnosis. (I am sza). My first dx was major depression, recurrent and severe. I knew that this was wrong but I didn’t want to question my doctors. My second diagnosis was bipolar. I knew this was wrong too but, again, didn’t want to question. Four years went by before a pdoc finally diagnosed me with sza at which point I finally agreed. I have had this sza diagnosis now for the last 26 years."
175998300,"Glad youre feeling better man! Interesting that they have you on vyvanse, I thought that increased risk of psychosis?"
175998301,I really love the guitar in the song. Good job at your first attempt at singing. You can only keep getting better with practice.
175998302,It’s like that argument in the Friends episode where they are talking about being on a break.
174341220,"It’s not scary… I’m only half way into the novel, but it’s basically a romantic comedy drama with the main character having schizophrenia."
175998303,"A lesson-in-progress for me is to have gratitude for the things that are good in my life. An example is that even though I am having troubles with medication side effects atm, I still have a place to live, food to eat, good people in my life, etc. Those are all things to be really thankful for despite my struggles. it’s a lesson-in-progress because I still find myself engaging in self-pity and the like sometimes, even though I know being grateful always makes me feel better. I just have to knock meself over the head sometimes with gratitude to break out of it!"
175998304,"No, it’s because the apoligies are clearly not sincere. You don’t see the error of your ways. You’re like that kid who apologised for stealing money from his mother’s purse, when really he was sorry he got caught. You need to stop getting offended when people don’t get your joke attempts."
175998305,"I don’t socialize much, but will speak if someone talks to me. I live alone, so I usually want to call someone every couple of days."
175998306,Your probably too trusting though. Why not just enjoy zoom with your clubhouse buddies? That should fill the space?
175998307,Maybe try exercising throughout the week and meditation.
175998308,"I get to leave work at noon, today. I’m wearing a cute shirt that has cacti and birdies on it. It’s really slow at work, today."
175998309,"yea this my 3rd day on A&D, in the instructions say now to put lotion from now on."
175998310,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ . How is the guitar getting on?
174341226,Breaking NEWS. doing physical activities is good for you!
175998311,What are the first impressions?
175998312,"Well. It Stopped Raining. Gonna Skip The Walk. I Got Song’s To Write. Loving The Direction I’m Taking With My Current Ability To Follow Thus New Direction In Recording I’m In. Meaning, I Have Discovered Something Unusually, Beautifully Strange In My Last Song. Kinda Like A Lost Key That I’ve Been Looking For, For A Long Time. N e Hoo. Keeps It Cools!. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175998313,I’m learning the war wasn’t mother’s fault. Something baby didn’t know. All that time being angry at mother when she didn’t have it coming. Only some of it was anger at her.
175998314,"If he does it in a loving way then I wouldn’t worry about it. Dogs do have pretty small brains, and they don’t understand language."
175998315,"Well, the skin to touch has lessened and transferred to a deeper pain now. More joint pain in my buttocks which makes it more difficult to remain sitting too long. I took a CBD oil 192mg and it worked for 30 minutes or so by lessening the pain. The packet says 1-3 capsules daily, so have taken another and that is kicking in now. In summer I sleep only with a sheet, but I found that heating my legs up with a sleeping bag really lessened the pain as well. Are there any fibromyalgia sufferers out there that can relate to this? _AT_MENTION_ and others? Is this what happened with the onset of your fibromyalgia?"
175998316,"If you can reason with them, then you’re not in any trouble. Just get away from your mom, and then calm down, and tell them that you would like them to wait before administering an injection. That you will accept taking an increased oral dose."
174341223,I’ll look into it.
175998317,"I am finding that my life has changed a lot, with me not spending all my free time in bed. I literally stayed in bed for four years with the Big Bang Theory playing on Netflix in the background. I must have been through the 12 seasons 12 times by now Kinda feel like it’s still forced to a degree at the moment. It’s good that I keep going doing things, but I don’t feel like I am resting enough. Not sure if I am just being lazy, but the therapist has slowly chipped away and things have changed. Might be for the better. Has anyone else found the results of therapy to be helpful in making your life better?"
174341224,It needs NICE approval here and that takes awhile. Who is this UK person on caplyta? I wonder how they got around it legally?
175998318,Could you try setting a different dns. Like google on 8.8.8.8
175998319,Look at the third post 1551(11(1((
174341227,"My MH problems started just before I was 14. , but the first psych appointment was just before I was 17. First hospitalisation was May 1975 (I turned 18 in January of that year) . It had been more of a gradual than acute/dramatic decline. I was very depressed. I’d taken an overdose at the end of the previous term at Felsted. Against common sense, primarily not to to disappoint my father, I went back for what should have been the term I took A levels. I lasted about a week before being in the school sanatorium for a few days, and then transferred to Severalls psych hospital. I was a rather naive 18 year old, definitely young for my age."
174341231,I am taking drugs for Generalised Anxiety Disorder but I have a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia. Why have I not been diagnosed with GAD??
175998320,"You’re Welcome _AT_MENTION_!. Hope You Can Clear Your Sincere Consciousness With Daydreaming In Clarity!. Good Luck!. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175998321,thanks bEAR… my skills should be in shape
175998322,Every time my dog looks out the window in the door I say out loud that if anyone comes into my house I’m going to kill myself. Usually she just sees the neighbors on their front yard. I’m petrified of people at my door.
175998323,I’m watching YouTube every day from morning till evening. And I also watch Tv. I’m just consuming those two things most of the time. Sometimes I play a video game. I don’t know what to do with myself without these two things and also this forum I read probably every day.
175998324,Do you think that watching this stuff is enough to make someone with sz ill?
175998325,I am really excited …for the medicine
175998326,You should tell your pdoc about this. They can help.
175998327,No it didn’t Maybe has to be at the end of the post
175998328,"One awful day I had was ‘making the realization’ that 9-11 was my fault; and simultaneously feeling watched upon for a genuine reaction of some kind. Being male perhaps, and having a flat effect, I didn’t cry tears that convincingly and thought that, that somehow ‘sealed my doom’. That was a bad day I had. Ha"
175998329,Your fine then if hell exists your not going there. But its probably all in your head.
175998330,"I’ve had since I’ve been ill, constant ringing in my head, just thought I’d ask, Anything that helps?"
175998331,i really like eating too =)
175998332,I didn’t realize how much I want to and how much time I wasted thinking I could.
175998333,Happy for you. What symptoms do you have before med?
175998334,Awww how nice of you.
175998335,"I don’t like how people write themselves off for a life on meds. Some people can succeed in coming off, and the only way to know is to try. It’s a high price to pay putting up with side effects etc, if even there is a small chance you can cope without, or a smaller dose."
175998336,Update: Hopefully going to college in Spring term for Engineering! I’ll keep you posted.
175998337,"I have phone phobia too. I tend to ask my husband to do the calls. If he asks me I get all silent and nervous The worst I hate about making calls is not the person on the other side, but the people listening to me make the call. If I have to phone someone I go to a place where I’m alone so no one can hear me. I hate it when they do - it makes me even more nervous!"
175998338,"_AT_MENTION_ , your mental condition is not very good, in my consideration. I think brain has main function of thinking, but do you consider MOVEMENT of brain waves. As it may help in thought process."
175998339,"It is a common thought to believe if one put the founders of all the world’s religions in one room, they would get along great. It is the followers of the different world views who want to fight."
175998340,My World Is Empty Without You - The Supremes - fuTuRo re-fResh Empty without you
175998341,"So long periods before relapses, trying to figure out whether its a good bet to bet on me not having a relapse for the next five years because thats how long it will take to pay the mortgage and after that a relapse will be stress free as my employer has disability cover that will pay 75% of my salary each month when _PERSON_ unable to work for the rest of my life plus continue contributing to my pension. I could live on that for a long time and would probably get better and take a lower paying job, but that would only be an option if the mortgage is paid"
175998342,I voted for the lemon. It looks delish.
175998343,Just tried lying in bed. Really bad vibes again. Have thrown out my coffee
174341236,"I often confuse my thoughts or feelings as voices or hallucinations. It really depends on the doctor. I had a doctor once tell me I hallucinated. Same guy who almost killed me by overmedication that resulted in NMS and 2+ weeks in ICU. I don’t know what else to say it could have been an accident or mistake or genetics, but based on his reviews and the hospital, it seems they (including him) over medicate people to get a quick response and push them out of the hospital. It seems like a common tactic and is probably related to insurance issues like non-payment and limited hospital time or days in inpatient. I’m never going back to that place. I never want to go to another mental hospital again. Thanks to Vraylar, I probably won’t need to unless it’s a rare occasion or a black swan. I rather go to a smelly public hospital (insurance won’t cover it) because they’re more regulated and I have less PTSD-traumatic _NAME_ from past lives. It’s like a different scenery and crap. It’s like my 
quantum probabilities changed or outcomes and events. It’s like instead of experiencing the hell-hole at the private mental institutions 99.9% of the time, I rather take my chances at a public hospital because it’s been less likely for me to go there over a near infinite amount of timelines or past lives. Not really sure why I’m posting this as it’s not relevant to the thread. I know in my dreams, I can transport myself temporarily to other timelines or past lives and I remember speaking multiple foreign languages like Greek, Latin, and German to name a few and depending on the dream. I guess I taught myself German in a past life even as a schizophrenic and I would like to again. I’m really attracted to German women and even Nordic looking women now. I prefer platinum blondes but even like brunettes too. I guess it’s part of my life experiences. I love the US and prefer to stay here although when I was younger, I wanted to travel the world and even live and work in Germany as an investment banker 
in Frankfurt, but that never happened thank God. There was so much I wanted to do – even be a diplomat of all things. Luckily, I never applied and I would have been rejected as you have to be born into it or in a high society type family with wealth, education, and prestige. Plus, they have like a 1% or less acceptance rate and you have to be super smart and attend a prestigious school. It was just some random thought or dream I had at one time. Thank God none of this happened. Unfortunately, worse things have happened to me that I rather not talk about ad nauseum as I have repeated and talked about it constantly here. Stuff like time travel, trauma, alien abductions, experiments, and worse ????. Even was taken outside the simulation and forced to work. Even felt like a slave a lot like a robotic slave forced to do dishes and clean and vacuum for my reptilian/robot parents. I don’t have any royalty in my family so I would be a slave or a worker in the future if I survived the NWO/Illuminati in the future. 
It happened a couple of times in my other past lives. Nothing really to say or add here."
175998344,"Did the GP measure your gait at all? Sometimes back brace helps me when I’m having lordosis. It hurts a lot when I have curved back as well and I sometimes use it when the pain level gets too high. Also, if you can, investing on a cane might be a good idea. There are a number of crutches that you can buy on Amazon if canes don’t seem like the fit for you."
175998345,I have a job……….
175998346,"Well I’m glad you lead such a charmed life, but women are often subject to insane harassment. My mother had housing problems because of stalkers. One landlord wanted to take nude photos of her. Another place had the same type of people lying about her, as me. She was once forced to go to court for talking back to someone harassing her on a bus. There is a lot of violence against women. Stalking is part of that."
175998347,I’ve lost 79 pounds and I still have a belly. It’s so frustrating. I diet and exercise and it’s still there. I hate it!
175998348,"All I know is that I have to go to the post office today, and I am NOT looking forward to going out. I know I touch my face a lot; it just isn’t good. I can’t skip, either. Darn it."
175998349,Thank you for your kind words
175998350,"Maybe you can help people, But not because of a dream. Dreams are nonsense. I once had a dream that tiny zoo animals burst in my house and started licking my furniture. It means nothing."
175998351,Some people say the same thing about war.
175998352,"I feel so miserable while in college that depression is kicking in all the time. I simply don’t want to go to college. It’s not that I’m lazy, it’s just that I can’t feel inspired by college. I feel loneliness and can’t connect to people. I do talk to college students, but it’s kind like I can’t relate with them. They have different aspirations. I understand I’m being whiny and I should be grateful for studying at one of best universities of my country, but I simply can’t stand college anymore. And if I give up, many people will think I’m a failure or that I reject college. I understand college may be important to other people (even those who study Fine Arts, Philosophy, Sociology, etc), but I can’t feel greatness coming for me. If I wanted to work as a Graphic Designer, I would find a job without even a degree. But I don’t love Graphic Design and going to college is making me miserable. The problem is that I gave up college once and then I gave up a good job because I als
o felt miserable. People will say: “you’re depressed, take more pills.”, but even when I was taking antidepressants, I felt miserable in college."
175998353,"i think it would take up too much memory in my computer, i was hoping just to transer it on to a blog"
175998354,I really like the place. I have made a lot of friends.
175998355,_PERSON_ makes sense
175998356,I love it. My confidence is too low to do any drawing atm. But you did a great job so far.
175998357,funny word this is. Hope you guys get rid of the voices soon with the help of meds.
175998358,"In a puppet sort of way yes, a puppet whose puppetmasters can read his/her mind."
175998359,I see. That makes me rethink nausea and akithisia is something aripiprazole gives me. I wish I could get Vraylar but the dr said he doesn’t even know about it. Even though they do proscribe it. I can’t afford to go private health care just yet either so it’s annoying me
175998360,"I find at home i can talk with (strict) muslims, christians, hindus, agnostics about God and we actually find eachother in that. There is no judgement. It can give meaning and positivity most definitely. I understand your question…dont think it is feasible here though."
175998361,"They got $14,000 for some back pay thing and they’ll be able to find them some place to live."
175998362,"It was just me and my parents at Christmas so I wasn’t overloaded with people or anything, so no. If we would’ve had a normal, non-Covid Christmas maybe I would have had my fill of people by now."
174341238,"Yes that looks like people on the active drug had about twice the improvement in PANSS score over the time period. Someone who knows statistics could explain the effect size better, but basically 0.45 is almost a “medium” effect size. If two groups means don’t differ by more than 0.2, the difference might not really be meaningful even though it reaches statistical significance. So the effect size is alright. It looks pretty good from those numbers."
175998363,Can I take it with _PERSON_
175998364,Memantine i think is used in alsheimers
175998365,"Oh!, Sorry, I Thought Thus Was Nightmare of Elm Street. I’ll Wand Now, Far From The Cupboards of London St."
175998366,"Hell yes, every day since 4th grade when I left private school and entered public school. It stopped in college. I would wonder around pretending I was busy because I had zero friends and I wasn’t cool. Everyone ignored me and I had zero friends. No wonder I ended up like that later on down the road. It was inevitable. Public school can be humiliating and horrible in general. I’m glad I didn’t end up in a Christian school, but I wish I would have stayed in a private school and I wish my dad wasn’t so cheap. He cared more about himself than me."
175998367,Girl can’t handle her spice.
174341241,I’ve been on olanzapine for about 3 years now
175998368,Have you tried upping your dose of AP? _AT_MENTION_
175998369,i knew something was up with me but i didn’t know it was called autism but when i got the dx a lot of things clicked though…
175998370,"_AT_MENTION_ Thank you for considering my input! I went off meds without telling anyone. Later, when I was again sick, the team had an attitude with me because I surprised them."
175998371,Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_
175998372,"Add me to the hug brigade. You’re a great person, leaf."
175998373,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175998374,I actually haven’t seen my pdoc in well over a year oops
175998375,"Hello, everyone i was taking olanzapine and I was wondering if anyone else got a numb tongue. I had to discontinue due to that. I still got that question, maybe it was only temporary. Since I already tried seroquel, abilify, and zyprexa."
175998376,"When I was approximately 12, for my Confirmation(a Sacrament in the Catholic Church) my mom took me to the department store to get measured for a suit. The sales guy said to my mom: “He’s got the height, but that’s about it”. It sort of went over my head, but later my mom said to me “The sales guy wasn’t very nice to you.” And she explained it, perhaps mistakenly. Sometimes I think I became self conscious about my shoulders at exactly this time. I think they are not broad, or maybe they are too rounded, and I think my posture and even my gait became too aware to me. Too contrived. It all reminds me of the great band _PERSON_, where they sing: “One thing is for certain, I’m insecure. I never knew till. someone. told. me. that.” The developmental Coordination Disorder, and/or related Ideomoter effect were probably the real culprits, but sometimes I wonder if the sales guy harmed me with words too, in other words, maybe the DCD was a coincidence. Anyway Ideomoter effect is a cool t
opic, _AT_MENTION_ taught me so much with a pie chart of sorts once."
175998377,Thank you cici for the reply.Did the voices tell you these theories? And also when you say counciled do you mean talkin with them?
175998378,Psychoanalysis helps.
175998379,"I been eating chicken noodles soup, taking vitamin c, drinking lots of fluids and drinking tea, i feeling little better now not the best but better thats good thing. Heres music video i been listening to lately, whats yours Love You Down - YouTube New Edition - Can You Stand The Rain (Official Music Video) - YouTube"
175998380,"Fear causes it, that’s about all I know, fear causes you to obsess and compulse, and ruminate over things that don’t matter lol"
175998381,"I vote for #3. I’m also doing this myself. Doing a 36 hour day that is. If you have nothing to do, you can just kill time watching tv or movies or whatever to pass the hours. Good luck!"
175998382,I have the same to irrational fears and coinicidents on tv in every day life I hope for a thing in my life to give me a normal life as well but I fight looking for healers and medicine and prey I don take it laying down but I do lay down alday lol
175998383,"I worked a lot in my 20s but have been on disability for 10+ years now. I worked in retail, hospitality, research assistant at the University. Now I relapse easily from stress so don’t work."
175998384,"Count me in, guilt over the lack of any and all motivation. Some days it makes it hard to get out of bed, make it off the couch, shower, cook, name it, it’s all encompassing “meh”. Add in anhedonia, and you’ve got one worthless llama"
175998385,"He could see whole scenes, all his sight was full of hallucinations according to the movie. When I have visuals, they are part of the scene"
175998386,Hope for what? 666999
175998387,Religion is a banned topic. Stop bringing it up
175998388,What are your theories?
175998389,No. it’s cool We dealt with that and closing thread was deemed appropriate.
175998390,I’ve found this always a community of kindness. That is nice for strangers. Sure. Not everyone finds their peace here but that is usually due to their problems than that of others. I always know your doing poorly when you start posting song links that don’t really make sense. I’m sure they do to you but I find that something you’ve done over the years you’ve been here. We all have our tells. Otherwise we’d be good poker players. . I hope your on the improve and have a good day tomorrow.
175998391,"Used to chat on Skype a lot when it was new, have not much in recent years, I have zoom on my computer but have never used it Even on skype now it is mostly text chat that I do"
175998392,Good wishes to you. Let us know how your date goes. Hope you will have a lovely time together.
175998393,I often answer what I think is my husband only to have him say he wasn’t talking. The incidence has really dropped on meds.
175998394,"I don’t really find walkling interesting and have to push myself to do it. I do enjoy photography, so I go out and look for photos on foot. This involves a lot of time exploring the area and it helps me get my steps in. instagram.com _NAME_ (_AT_MENTION_) • Instagram photos and videos 6 Followers, 10 Following, 25 Posts - See Instagram photos and videos from _NAME_ (_AT_MENTION_) Find an excuse to leave the house on foot to do something you like!"
175998395,normal have have lots of problems in their life.i got it bit worse.i gotta accept and move on.
175998396,Done!
175998397,Tell pdoc as soon as I get symptoms! Don’t keep it secret cos ur special or cos voices threaten u if u tell someone
175998398,well thank goodness…I thought you had covid…!!
174341233,"The risk factor from dying of schizophrenia goes away after 60 ncbi.nlm.nih.gov [Mortality and cause of death in schizophrenia. Review of the literature]. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, L'Encephale , Jan-Feb 1993 Through a review of the literature, the average mortality in schizophrenia is twice higher than among the population. This over mortality is highest among the 20-40 years range of age and added risk tends to disappear after 60 years. All studies stress the unnatural causes of death, suicide or accidental deaths. However several studies found an over mortality caused by natural death. The pathologies most often involved are: infections, lung, gastrointestinal, urogenital and cardiovascular diseases. Cancer mortality in schizophrenic patients is still debated. Some studies point out a reduced mortality compared to the general population whereas other studies find similar or over mortality. Nevertheless mortality ratio is found to be near 1 in the majority of studies. So 
it can be admitted that schizophrenic patient do really not differ from the general population in regard to cancer mortality. Premature death is highly linked to suicide. The epidemiological indicators that enable us to estimate the importance of suicide mortality are: the rate of suicide per 105 patients per year varies between 150 and 500, the percentage of death by suicide range between 10 and 15 percent. Suicide risk factors are numerous. Some of them are accepted as valid and others are still discussed. The former are: male gender, young and medium age ten first years of the illness course, associated depressive symptoms, past history of suicide attempts, iterative relapses and post hospital discharge period. The latter are: social isolation, celibacy, unemployment, high level of instruction, delusional and hallucinatory activity and familiar rejection."
175998399,"12 out of 17 in that little group, that’s huge. I think I’ll get tested for Bartonella just to be sure."
175998400,I’ve suffered a cognitive decline for sure. I can’t read a book now due to concentration issues etc. But I’m wiser at least. And surviving (so far!).
175998401,"Not like you guys will accept my apology because of my rep, S’all good though."
175998402,Lions Mane specifically Ambyloban 3399 is the best thing you can take. End of story. If you dont like the way it makes you feel it means you took too much. Trust me. This can get you better. Off you meds if you really do it the right way. This is the best stuff for you. This is real. This is better for you than ANY medication. Do it. I’m telling you. And start slow. If you dont like the way it makes you feel it means you took too much. After a while you can take more than the recommended dose for even more benefits. Trust me on this. I know. This is the truth This really can get you better. This can help SO many people. So many people struggling so much can be helped by this. Try it. You need to give this a try. It can ans will change your life.
175998403,"I just have to NOT CARE ABOUT OTHERS OPINION OF ME. and then wait for the day when I come across someone I’ve never come across before.In ANY capacity. And hope they love me maybe, and me them. _PERSON_… But seriously! I need to stop day dreaming!!"
175998404,"I feel that I have no energy to do anything, feeling depressed."
175998405,"it’s risky putting all your eggs in that basket, cause your pdoc and the local bar association do a mental health evaluation on potential lawyers, and they have to deem you fit to practice. at least in the usa"
175998406,I feel full after a strongly brewed Chammomile tea - any time of day leave the teabag in it goes a little thicker
175998407,What makes you think I wasn’t a terrorist? Sorry I don’t want to sound rude.
175998408,"_AT_MENTION_: that is awesome. What are these tools you speak of? And who was your support system? As said in meetings, it is not easy, but it is simple."
174341251,_AT_MENTION_ I asked my mum and she never had an infection. But she said she wasn’t tested for infection. It’s interesting but I doubt you could have a life time infection for life. Interesting article nevertheless.
175998409,i believed in it only like 80% and only for like an hour or something so not a delusion
175998410,Just got back. My blood pressure was good! The meds for it are working!! I gained almost 20 pounds in 4 months though.
175998411,"it’s work, and im isolated other than seeing my parents daily. there isn’t much to do and it’s 1200 sq ft, just for me, lots to maintain. and i have to drive to live out here in the country, jobs pay less, and there are fewer job openings. i could still walk to church on sunday mornings to see my parents at least once a week, if i moved back to my hometown. and i have like no money, all my money goes to food and paying for this place. im lucky to save 100 bucks a month."
175998412,Congratulations
175998413,I doubt you but ill let u believe it
175998414,Well now I’m wondering if it’s real that they can turn me into _PERSON_ through surgery.
175998415,I didn’t mean to be disrespectful…sorry if I offended you.
175998416,Ok I hope not. 1515
175998417,"I took 1 gram of alpha GPC today and my thoughts stopped racing. Literally within 20 mins. I dont feel calm or relaxed or anything, I just dont feel like thinking, wow. No AP has ever done this to me."
175998418,More reason to stick around _AT_MENTION_ .
175998419,"I like this site, are you a moderator?"
175998420,I quit smoking for to day haven’t had one since this morning
175998421,Instead of death
175998422,and the Beast Master slipped on it
175998423,"had coffee with some friends took my mum out to my cuz place and we all had breaky and took our dogs to the park came home and got some shopping,"
174341242,I was taken off sixty milligrams ofcymbalta to 100mg ofwellbutrin. I am starting my third week of clozaril. What works well together? Right now extremely depressed and apathetic.
175998424,"cough once for yes, twice for no, three times for ok"
175998425,Do you enjoy taking classes on line?
175998426,? m not sure… i was more identitiless at my sickness period. Now i m enjoying more with social life. Medication helped lot.
175998427,"It’s weird, maybe your body fought it off really quickly and you are partly immune but some of it did trigger symptoms of sz?"
175998428,Is anybody else about the same?
175998429,its very good
175998430,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175998431,"Thank you butterfly, I really feel so alone since I left my boyfriend that I am in a very vulnerable position, sometimes I think that even if he loves me for sex it is fine, but then I read here those who try to help me and I think I deserve something best"
175998432,what do you mean by trouble.
175998433,Some side effects are dosage independent.
175998434,Invega — 150mg injection
175998435,My hair is also thinner than before I really am not too ecstatic about that!!! I have some fine lines by my eyes. There very fine but still I keep hoping that with enough sleep they’ll go. I’ll see
175998436,"A gentle dog. If i remember it correctly, they should be happy and calm."
175998437,I’m an introvert… I like my alone time… I do get lonely… mostly because all my friends are back home
175998438,"5kg is a lot to lose. I measured my calorie intake and cycled on my exercise bike 15km a day (6 days a week) So if you need to lose 10lbs, that regime could work. For me, i have another 5kg to lose."
175998439,"Wow, _AT_MENTION_ ! That’s just amazing! Congrats- I know it can’t be easy, but you’re doing it!"
175998440,"_AT_MENTION_ did you get the nodes from smoking or vaping. I’m going by what the NHS says which is that vaping is preferable to smoking healthwise and a step towards quitting completely, but I’d be interested to know your experience. Anyway, I managed to vape first thing in the morning instead of smoking and at dinner time as well. I slept at lunch time, so I’ve succeeded for another day. Just have to keep this up until it becomes routine. Thank you."
175998441,Maybe _AT_MENTION_ is right. You are experiencing the worst kind of mental pain. If you can make progress with a marital relationship- go for it. But if not try not to worry and try to find something to distract you from it. I know the same old advice. You can embrace it once in a while and it will become handleable. And pray.
175998442,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175998443,"Hey, hi! Thanks for asking. Im okay-ish. Crawling out of deep depression, but i finally have a treatment team that really sees the underlying issues and tries to help with those. And my son is well. So im grateful today. I wasnt away that long though, i just left, took another name, then left again. Now came back because i missed you guys. How are you?"
175998444,"I made the mistake of telling employers/fellow employees and it never worked out well, even when I really thought “this time is different because the people here are sooo nice…” When it comes to employment it is Need To Know only(like a company doctor). My family and friends all knew when I was younger. Now when I meet people I don’t tell them. In my old age I’m much more “normal” and stable. At least I can pass for normal nowadays. Nutcase"
175998445,I just got more into the drums because I discovered how intellectual it is from reading music. It is more challenging now to me!
174341246,You could try 400mg L-theanine and see how you get on. That should get rid of it for about 4 hours. When I came off benzos I was taking 600mg L-theanine on waking and then another 600mg when that wore off. The max dose of L-theanine per day is 1200mg.
175998446,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
174341259,"I don’t plan to switch right now, because Geodon is working for me with very few side effects. But if I need to switch in the future, I will be looking at that one first. more info: en.wikipedia.org Lumateperone Lumateperone (INN; brand name Caplyta k?p-LY-t?, developmental codes ITI-007 and ITI-722) is a butyrophenone atypical antipsychotic developed by Intra-Cellular Therapies, licensed from Bristol-Myers Squibb, for the treatment of schizophrenia, and currently in development for bipolar depression and other neurological indications. On December 20, 2019, the United States Food and Drug Administration approved lumateperone for use in adult schizophrenic patients. The drug is expected to be ready fo..."
175998447,"Make music videos, start a band."
175998448,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !
175998449,"I’ve never done psychedelics either. My visuals are mostly shadows moving, seeing people who aren’t there. It’s way worse when I’m not on meds"
175998450,"djfneof;ene-2hrdnde;enw0wnfw;db30dne;en0dns;wnbfpwebf09nhfoen1920×1200 169 KB ‘I Believe in Being Strong When Everything Seems to Be Going Wrong. I Believe That Happy Girls Are The Prettiest Girls. I Believe That Tomorrow is Another Day, And I Believe in Miracles’~ _NAME_"
175998451,I also have a bad back. I would call for help because a woman shouldn’t be straining to pick up a man by herself anyway.
175998452,"I know the feeling. I hardly play music at all anymore. A couple of years Id play something pretty much every day. My only advice is to start small. Try and pick one day of the week where you play for 30 minutes or so. You might find once you’re on the kit it isnt so bad, its just getting to the kit thats the problem."
175998453,"Yeah never mess with your meds, without a doctor."
175998454,I’m going to join you guys on this thread to track my fitness routine. Today I have 30 minutes cardio and 45 minutes strength. Then when I come home I will have a tuna salad and take a bubble bath. I have a doc’s appointment in an hour then after that gym at 4:00 pm/
174341243,I am on 500mg daily
175998455,I wanted to be a boy because I thought they didn’t get hurt like girls. In my adult life I found out my brother was molested like my sister and I. No child is safe from the pervs. Nutcase
175998456,You are not worthless! We all support you! And I think you’re rad! I hope you feel better soon!!
175998457,"Keep at it! If you don’t have any weight equipment, calisthenics are an excellent way to get in shape."
175998458,I like this old quote from a scientific book about chaos theory. To paraphrase because I don’t have it handy but if you can’t explain your theories to a ten year old then you’ve pretty much lost the game… I think with most of your posts you are appealing to your own intellect rather than trying to be understood. Each to their own.
175998459,They’re morons like my neighbors.
175998460,"I believe he struggles with mental illness. I think it helps give him new tools at his arsenal. High functioning people with Mood disorders are actually probably the most creative people. I think it helps take away the pain , Being creative anyways."
175998461,In my country we’ve got public health care that covers all antipsychotics free even the new meds. But if you are wealthy like I am you pay for most of the drugs self.
175998462,I like the quote except for the word ‘nature’ as if it exists outside of us
175998463,Then try this : Ask her if professionally if it good to become irritate or agitated with a patient request a prescription refill . Then ask her if she where to see her personal care doctor would it be considered appropriate for him or her to ignore her symptoms and give medication for something that she doesn’t have. Than simply say I know what use to work for me was Zyprexa 20 mg and the dose I’m on at the moment doesn’t help you. What does she suggest ?
175998464,Life is not easy and I have never been on the streets but I’m sure it’s hell itself out there. Choose to live… Even if it is just baby steps. One second of positivity at a time becomes a minute of positivity later on which brings hope for recovery. Take that shower…maybe you’ll feel good enough to go to the grocery store. You have come this far in life… Don’t give up now.
175998465,I have social anxiety…is there any way to get over it or improve the problem
175998466,But I do believe sometimes that some people are demons in disguise.
175998467,"Thats really good, can almost hear the beat"
175998468,It’s not delusional to dream about it. I’m sure there are people who would go to a funeral for you. What about your housemates? Sister?
175998469,"you’re welcome. And yeah, ignore them the best you can."
175998470,Woke up few minutes ago
175998471,"I’ll Try Not Too, But!, I Am Concerned For Your Safety. Should Someone Alert The Authorities?."
175998472,"In my Tribunal mental health report it says I have intensive support in the community by the Intellectual disability team and that they are meeting my needs very good? The support I get is Supported housing, means their are staff here 24/7. I get 31 one-to-one hours a week. We have sleep in staff 7 nights a week I have funding go to NHS day centre 4 days a week for people with Intellectual disabilities. I see or speak to my community nurse anytime I want. If he isn’t around I speak to a member of his team, I see him at lease every 2 weeks. He is my care coordinator, since they say I have delusions around my pdoc he manages my care. I see pdoc very quickly if unwell, within a week. I have input to manage my finances? What care services do you get from community support to let you live independently in the community?"
175998473,I’ll probably watch it because I don’t have anything better to do. I’m not partial to either team.
175998474,Congrats for finding something that works
175998475,I cannot focus when I work from home. It’s a shame as it would be much more convenient. I have to travel an hour to work. Seems good you’re being lifted out with what you need!
174341253,"I have suggested Aristada. It’s very similar to Abilify, but is made specifically for sz and sza. I don’t think it has the same side effects of hypersexuality and gambling but I haven’t check e d yet."
175998476,"Pharmaceuticals? Although incredibly helpful, I know they can’t be more truly efficient than things genuinely grown from the earth. Anyone that has been looking into substitutes for common bigpharma medications such as antidepressants, antipsychotics, and mood stabilizers, please share suggestions and experiences with more holistic methods. Thank you"
175998477,Driving. Gives you freedom
175998478,Nice job _AT_MENTION_
175998479,"I hope you get some rest and peace of mind soon, _AT_MENTION_."
174341244,Could be OCD and maybe schizophrenia or psychosis. Talk to a qualified psychiatrist.
175998480,"Remember!, Try The Best You Can, Because The Best You Can is Good Enough!.."
175998481,Qualify for a group home?
175998482,"ScienceDaily Could coffee be the secret to fighting obesity? Scientists have discovered that drinking a cup of coffee can stimulate 'brown fat', the body's own fat-fighting defenses, which could be the key to tackling obesity and diabetes. It stimulates brown fat, which main function is to generate body heat by burning calories Makes sense to me. It doesn’t say if one type of coffee is better than the others. They are also testing caffeine pills to see if that is responsible. I have 2 cups of coffee every morning."
175998483,"Hey _AT_MENTION_ I use the Herbva 5G, it is top loading with three different temperature settings, it’s pretty simple to use and heats up pretty fast Pros 1)Heats up fast 2)Easy to load 3)Mouth piece comes off and stays on due to magnetits 4)heat settings 5)turns itself off 6)it comes in different colors Cons 1)doesn’t hold much 2)mouthpiece can get hot 3)have to charge it 4)still have to grind your CBD herb 5)herb can get stuck in mouthpiece vent 6)not easy to load on the go All in all I did go back to the cigarettes but here’s my vaporizer 161939451210869237630363127613183120×4160 2.04 MB 161939456216882395679790016687043120×4160 2.02 MB"
175998484,Toilet paper is low in the store in my town. I saw people carrying packs.
175998485,We know fools to be wise While the wise are insane Through the eyes of the wicked Lies only fools to be sane
175998486,I cried today for the first time in awhile. I didn’t enjoy it one bit. I’d probably prefer not being able to cry. I’m on Olanzapine 10 mg.
175998487,I tried magnesium. It didn’t work.
175998488,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ . Keep taking your meds, things can only get better."
174341252,The hardest withdraw for me has been Vraylar.
175998489,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I hope they leave me alone
175998490,What do I do how do I prove this
175998491,You’ll fight me over wimping out about a pug?
174341249,"Hi, new member here. My name is _NAME_. I got diagnosed with Schizophrenia in 2012 and later Schizo Affective Disorder. then Paranoid Schizophrenia. I was put on medicine and soon forgot about my episode and began to think I didn’t have schizophrenia. The medicine seemed to completely get rid of it. Until it didn’t work anymore. Then I tried different anti-psychotics. Now I’m going to be trying Clozaril because the other medications didn’t work. My whole life was leading up to schizophrenia, I just didn’t see the signs. And when I did, when it finally hit me I was now stuck in a hellish world and most of my beliefs were just there because of it, it hurt so bad. In fact I now think that I am in hell, literally, despite having a heartbeat. And that I’m reincarnating over and over again into hell for an eternal punishment. I hallucinate what people say, even when I can see them. I hallucinate lyrics in music. I hallucinate words. I hallucinated a hacker. I hallucinate feelings. I really ne
ed help because it was only recently that it hit me that I have it. And I’ve been really suicidal. I’m going through some extremely painful things and it feels like there’s no way out. For example, I dearly love someone only I think my feelings are just caused by my paranoid schizophrenia. It’s hell. I don’t even know if you can hallucinate feelings. Can anyone help me see this differently? Or provide advice? I would really appreciate it. Thank you."
175998492,The song won’t play for me.
175998493,"hehe nice, i never liked chemistry in school. Is it hard?"
175998494,"When I believed in Jesus and decided to obey Him , He changed my life. My conscience doesn’t bother me. When I felt His love I took the whole thing to believe it. I believe because Jesus said it."
174341264,"It’s a symptom of schizophrenia. You’ll be fine. Talk to a doctor or family, or come on here for help."
175998495,"I just bought a car and today was my first time driving in like 4 years. I was having a panic attack thinking about being on the road again. Then I finally got into the car, backed out the driveway and I was fine. It felt really good actually. I thought I would only be able to go around the neighbour hood quiet streets till I got use to the road. But I was doing so good that that I decided to go to 2 grocery stores and also picked my medication up and got gas. I was so proud of myself. Next it will be a part time job or volunteering. Feels so good to be out and about again. Feeling independent. I am so thankful for the car and I pray I won’t have to fix anything on it for a long while. And I pray to be safe."
175998496,porn is evil in my eyes.its just sometimes you have the urge you know.what can you do.
175998497,Best of luck
175998498,Impressive !
175998499,"Was at church, saw things in my mind that disturbed me, then someone was in my body, I hope I will make it, no more intrusive thoughts"
175998500,"thats not really true, i know lots of ‘normal’ people and they definitely don’t feel bleh, there quite vibrant individuals. ive felt normal a few times and its quite different than feeling blah’, when it has happened I feel calm but awake with energy to do things and no issues focusing, can carry on conversations and interact well. Thats normality for me and its incredibly rare for me lol hypomania is more like frantic had a lot of caffeine type of energy and too many ideas and scatterbrained. mania is just mayhem. depression - well we all know what thats like. i think if i could describe bleh’ it would be like a low level depression"
175998501,he’s prob right huh… he knows more about this than we do probably.
174341260,"Oh you gotta come clean. Secrets are no good, they give your old delusions power. It’s time to end that so you can be with your family again."
174341262,Why don’t you give rexulti a shot. It’s very lovely.
175998502,"I takes antidepressants as a start. Without them i don’t have the get up and go needed to get things done. I descend into a state of self-neglect so bad that i won’t eat or drink. However, with the treatment, i cope just fine. My mood has been the stable it’s ever been."
175998503,I never got over _NAME_ so there you go.
175998504,"Thanks for replying It has always seemed right to listen to her since we had a year of family therapy We’re very close but my mum has seen me drained all day after early classes, obsessed to the point of ridiculousness about my teacher, injure cos of overdoing"
175998505,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ we need the crisis hotline info
174341265,You can go symptom free from schizophrenia and still have it though. For a lot of people it comes in waves
175998506,"I had the belief that while I was sleeping the military programmed my mind so I stayed awake for a few days,then I started to get paranoid and my family had to take me to the hospital."
175998507,Do you have any numbers to call ? If not maybe you should get yourself to hospital while you still have insight.
175998508,"When people have anxiety and paranoia they are going to research the heck out of everything they are on, which you know the saying if you are looking for something wrong you will find it. The internet isn’t always reliable. No drug, not even Tylenol comes without warnings or possibilities. I worked for a pharmaceutical company and you have to list anything even remotely possible because you want to minimize any chance of a lawsuit. You are over analyzing it. I suffer from depression and anxiety which I have extreme boredom and pacing and I’m not on any those meds."
175998509,Same here. I would ask for palliative care.
175998510,That might be the key. Psychiatric illness causes stress and biological stress is what ages us.
175998511,"Stress, lack of sleep, drug use"
175998512,"Me too 1515 My sister was supposed to drive to see my mom and I today. We ordered her favorite pizza and I got her some birthday gifts. She blames not showing up bc of a headache. Huge let down. I hope she comes tomorrow. I’m deciding to spend the night at my mom’s, and she forgot father’s day was tomorrow lol"
175998513,No I don’t drink a whole bottle. I have about 3 drinks. And never before 5pm. So if I’m anxious before I just suck it up.
175998514,"CNN Tracking coronavirus’ global spread Since December, the virus has spread to nearly every continent and case numbers continue to rise"
175998515,"I had no face to face assessment when I got DLA, but did when I claimed PIP."
175998516,What happened to horticulture? You seem so passionate about that.
175998517,"I’m blocked. stupidity, whatever."
175998518,Do you have a sweetie called ‘tablet’ in Ireland. We get it in Scotland.
175998519,When I was on Ritalin I exercised more and was less hungry. That was the first time I was on it. The second time I was on it I was so out of shape it didn’t make a difference.
175998520,"My friend was hospitalized for low weight in school. She was put on a 3000 calorie a day diet. She still ate all her normal food, but also ice cream or cake after every meal. As long as you’re getting the nutrients through your other food, it’s okay to have some high sugar/fat foods along with the healthy stuff."
175998521,"Yes, I also thought the same. Some kind of disorganized symptoms. But maybe it’s dyskinesia"
175998522,You were pretty brave going up that ladder. I have a bit of a fear of heights.
175998523,"I’m trying. The stationary bike is a good idea. I’m dealing with arthritis now, but I can’t let myself vegetate in the chair or it will get worse."
175998524,I hope you figure it also.
175998525,"were your boobs mild, moderate or huge. Maybe mild cases are reversible ?"
174341274,If negative symptoms are caused by the antipsychotics it means that no matter how hard we try we cannot beat our negative symptoms. On the other hand if negative symptoms are not caused by or are not the direct result of the intake of anti psychotics it means we have a chance of fighting the feelings of lack of motivation and other negative symptoms. Thoughts?
175998526,Cool how r u? What u up to?
175998527,Took me 6 years to find the right med. Was in the hospital twice a year or every 6 months before that. I hate hospitals now. No use for me there. Vraylar helped me. Latuda is working now too.
175998528,You know because you find out the symptoms and then can see you have been affected by it. It’s about insight. After that you have to remember and accept it as a risk of health.
174341257,Well for me Risperdal helped me a lot. Abilify helped but Risperdal helped more. Without meds or when smoking weed (while on meds) I am homicidal and suicidal. So its much better for me given my situation. I am sure meds helped your irritability.
175998529,Switch to injections.
175998530,Idk he’s not a criminal though.
175998531,They sell capsules too.
175998532,? m ok with my intelligence it didn t affect my problem solving capacity but my brain is getting more limited by time i can feel this.
175998533,Resilience is a certainty. I had a nice day today with my nephews but holy moly am I tired. I try to get myself up to lift weights everyday. Takes a lot of pushing myself
175998534,"well ya, because of mwt, but i’ve been thinking hard and deep for a while. did you read that article about ‘squaring the numbers’ and dynamics from a group of physicists?"
175998535,"en.wikipedia.org Method acting Method acting is a range of training and rehearsal techniques that seek to encourage sincere and emotionally expressive performances, as formulated by a number of different theatre practitioners. These techniques are built on _PERSON_ system, developed by the Russian actor and director _PERSON_ and captured in his books An Actor Prepares, Building a Character, and Creating a Role. Among those who have contributed to the development of the Method, three teachers are associate..."
175998536,Ativan wAs s one time thing. I’m on Klonopin .25 mg. That I can handle.
175998537,"Yes, if I’m a danger to myself or others. And you’re right, a few funny ideas don;t me a raving lunatic."
175998538,"Yeah Zyprexa packs on the pounds. I was on Invega injection but I kept having night time psychosis. If you don’t mind me asking to elaborate more on controlling medicine, please?"
175998539,1515151 is to meet the character number on posts
175998540,Welllllll I had an experience where they didn’t quite tell the truth; when I was first hospitalised they put me olanzapine for weight gain because I had an _NAME_ basically so I googled the medication and found out what it was for… they didn’t elaborate what it actually was when they gave me it
175998541,"I have plenty of Kleenex, I’ll use that if I have to"
175998542,Keep it tbh. It’s better not to be anxious and imo anxiety can spiral into psychosis imo.
175998543,I currently weigh 235 pounds at 5’6 in height. I need to lose weight.
175998544,360 Noscope Road Rad AF 42069
175998545,Excema on my knees - and enlarged fatty liver from years of drinking. Back pain from being too tall. And of course MI. But im still Cheerful
175998546,_PERSON_ includes depression too. Mania psychosis and depression from what I read.
175998547,"You should see your pdoc for the paranoia, and the primary doc for the lightheadedness."
174341263,"Irish scientists have identified how some genes may increase the risk of schizophrenia. This discovery could aid the development of new drugs for the poorly understood condition. Schizophrenia is a serious mental illness that causes disturbances in thoughts, perceptions, emotions and behaviour. It affects about one in every 100 people worldwide and usually occurs first in adolescence or early adulthood, although it can also occur later in life. According to scientists at NUI Galway, the biology of schizophrenia is poorly understood, however it is known that it is highly genetic. This means that many of the condition’s risk factors can be found in the more than 20,000 genes of the human genome. Previous large-scale studies had identified SDCCAG8 as a gene involved in schizophrenia and the NUI Galway team decided to investigate further its role in the illness. They reduced the function of this particular gene and found that this caused changes in the behaviour of brain cells. http://www.irishhealth
.com/article.html?id=27001"
175998548,I’d rather be in a small town. Cities are overwhelming. Right now I’m out in the country and it’s beautiful but i am so isolated.
175998549,"nah, you should eat whatever you want, no restrictions, cuz that might become an eating disorder, eat whatever you want, and exercise."
175998550,Whats the news on the medication change?
175998551,Nobody answered my question so I’m just wondering if anyone here experienced this.
175998552,mine is a weird solution. I go to bed really early and get up when I can at 2 a.m. and exercise low level for a couple of hours and at night before bed I practice when I am up to it piano or violin. also I am sticking with my job even though the conditions there socially are adverse. _NAME_
175998553,I wanted to be a journalist
175998554,Lol…part of me is wanting. The other part of me knows I will be horrified.
175998555,If it is TMJ they can actually do Botox treatment and inject Botox into your jaw joint to cushion the joint and stop the locking and clicking I used to work at a dental office that specializes in this treatment
175998556,Yeah and how to do daily stuff
175998557,my pdoc told me i would be on meds for life… that was 10 years ago… but a new dr took me off them… saying that sz wasn’t the right thing to diagnose… but i took the meds for the most part of 10 years … what im saying is … sometimes it takes a while to figure things out for them
175998558,"Moved to School and Work. One caregiver for 60 residents seems like not enough, even if the residents are likely sleeping."
175998559,"So if they don’t have classes anymore, how do people become peers in _USER_ID_ now?"
174341272,"I avoid having friends who smoke it. Its legal here and it has a warning saying that it can cause or worsen schizophrenia, the government put the warning in yellow outside the box and on a white paper inside the box."
175998560,they see spies dont talk about their life they want me do that too then punish me for being spy
174341275,"i think tulsi is better than lione’s mane for reducing positive symptoms. reason why i say is because it reduced my impulsive behavior, anger burst etc."
175998561,are u on benzo ? it may help cataonia but please be careful
175998562,Don’t forget the school principle and their neighbor _NAME_.
175998563,"I want to try that amyloban, but with every supplement I go on, I have to ask the pdoc, and they never even said anything about sarcosine. They won’t let me go on it, I can’t even take Benadryl. I have to get blood work one of these days, I have the paper and I don’t really know what they are testing for."
175998564,"Oh also, sorry but Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Ninjastar Volunteer Moderator"
175998565,"I had a really rough time when my dad died also. It’s not the kind of thing anyone handles well. Look at how far you’ve come since that moment, though. You’re getting your life back."
175998566,Thank you! I’ve had many years of practice. It’s always nice to hear that someone likes my art.
175998567,"I had that. And still do, in bad times especially. Sometimes i really did something bad, but the shame is overwhelming. Sometimes it is stupid - the tiniest tiniest mistake can make me think i am evil, go to hell. I do think it got somewhat better after EMDR and teaching myself to regulate my emotions and thoughts better, and express them."
174341280,Look at how you are acting now compared to when you were actually on benzodiazepines and higher doses of anti-psychotics. They are what kept you together. The fact you don’t realize that means you are probably sick right now.
175998568,I improved my anhedonia by 50% (improved feelings of pleasure). Took years and many different (and risky) supplements. Not sure which one worked the best. Cogentin helped a bit. Anything that increases dopamine in a safe way. It takes years to over come this if you get it bad. I still struggle with cognitive decline and lack of energy and drive. I feel enough pleasure. Too much pleasure and you get hypomania.
174341281,"im learning to advocate for myself im on abilify 5 mg now! im going to ask for a higher dose so i can minimize positive symptoms. my constant observers have been really chill and enjoyable as company. and a fourth because, because. ive been here for 12 days and it sucks that its been so long, but my auditory hallucinations are gone and it feels like a weight lifted off me! have a good day!! c:"
175998569,"Ther was more balance in the world of _NAME_… Thoughts and feelings weren’t submerged. …only to rise to a head and explode at a later date. They were discussed and analyzed. We’re all good and we’re all at times evil. It’s that fluidy, gooey bodily cosmic mix that makes all of us tick…that makes us human."
175998570,"I was ghosted by my therapist. My therapist I thought I was very close to. One day she didn’t show up for our appointment, Wouldn’t answer my calls and then didn’t show up for our next appointment. I kind of think something happened to her, I don’t know, if it did, surely it would be on the news. The news loves a missing pretty white woman. Anyway, I’m saying we’ve all been hurt by a healthcare professional at some point, You can’t just give up on it. The next therapist could be “the one”. Who knows. If not, maybe therapy really isn’t for you and you can think about cutting it out of your healthcare routine, But until then, I think you should give it another shot and not let one therapist ruin it for you."
175998571,On the topic of _NAME_ The Living Planet’s a good read!
175998572,IMG_0378.JPG 3888×2592 7.95 MB
175998573,Do your voices affect your mood even though you could ignore it now?
175998574,"I dont know why i bother with this board. If the doctor wanted to ???? in your mouth, youd prob let them if ut ment getting more drugs or if they said it would lower your “psychosis”. Whatever, same old propaganda being parroted."
175998575,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ .
175998576,Thankyou. Appreciate it.
175998577,Gently is the key.
175998578,I went to arab churches in Germany and told them that a priest in Syria sent me to become a priest. They gave me free food and offered me free housing but I refused the housing as I missed my parents. I cant live without my parents
174341279,"risperidone helps me. it helps my mania given i’m schizoaffective, and it helps psychosis. i tried weaning myself down to 1mg from 3, but i started becoming delusional almost to the point of hospitalization and eventually felt terrible. i tried 2 but i was having delusions of reference from the TV, and was staying up with mania. 3 is my happy spot. i’m twenty pounds overweight, from where i was in my twenties."
175998579,yes we are 1% of the poputation
175998580,Listening to audiobooks About my Unusual beliefs. Moth to a flame.
175998581,Imposter zombie: Feeeigns
175998582,It’s making me paranoid and depressed but people are treating me nice and smiling at me and giving me compliments and being kind. I’m not falling for any of it.
175998583,I have PTSD too Idk If this feeling is a delusion or trauma or what I just feel so scared of everyone I care about leaving me. And I don’t know how to stop worrying about it.
175998584,I’m a roasted peanut because I’m so salty.
175998585,What does the long form involve?
175998586,"loss of reality, don’t socialize much at all or can’t, low motivation, odd behavior"
175998587,Are you diabetic?
175998588,Today is day one Again
175998589,"I can’t pass the Covid screening for transport today because someone I live with had a fever yesterday. So no ride to go get meds. Also I don’t want to go anywhere just in case. I mean, I don’t think it’s Covid, but you never know. We have to be extra safe these days. But I need my meds. I wonder if they would bring them to me?"
175998590,when i had health insurance i used to go in for about 8 weeks each time…but then i gave up my insurance and now attend the public hospital…they have a habit of not letting you stay long at all…i alwys feel pressured to leave within days
175998591,"You know, I honestly don’t mind what size I am. I am fine with myself. My problem is that my size goes up and down over and over. I hate having to box up clothes, organized by size. Shirts, pants, shoes (wide width vs. regular), undies and bras. Everything. It just sucks. If I could stay one size, I could focus on things like walking to be healthy instead of always being on this roller coaster."
175998592,A documentary made about him in 2018 recently went up on Netflix
175998593,He’s the most awesome dude on the planet.
175998594,_AT_MENTION_ I already tried perphenazine. I may as well have been eating candy. It didn’t do anything
175998595,What have you got against lions?
175998596,"I was in UK, but I was refused PIP and housing. Left me working full time until I relapsed and they did not hospitalized me even though I went to A&E and mental clinic. UK is really racist even though I worked 6 years and got no support. Could not see a doctor for weeks and was kicked out of UK"
174341286,"… but rather from the way having a severe MI has beaten us down? Some things I can chalk up to schizoaffective disorder, like poverty of speech, forget the a-word for it. Yeah, I talk a ton when I teach, but other than that I am insanely quiet, to the point that people feel the need to point it out. As far as issues like lack of energy or of motivation, I can’t help but think it’s because I’ve had 25 years of symptoms and that itself is taking its toll on me. So it’s more from, as I said above, the schizoaffective symptoms beating me down over the years, to where I sometimes feel close to giving up."
175998597,"O.k. After Some Thought I Have Decided to Try And Explain How Anxiety Could Be One Form of Commonsense. It Being a Silent (as i have said) But Felt Form of Protection. I Personally am an Individual That Believes in Religion And Spirituality. Some Would Say That Both is Actually The Same Thing. And Some Would Say That Both is Completely Different With a Slight Relation. Now Jus Because I Believe in Both Doesn’t Mean I Would Call Myself a Religious Person, or Even a Spiritual Person. I Find That Both Terms Have Been Defiled For Purposes They Weren’t Intended For. So. In The End I Am Not Religious. And I am Not Spiritual. But I Actually Am. At Least With What I Understand to Be it’s Original Purpose. Which I Still Haven’t Figured Out, or At Least Learned What it Claims it’s Birth Was For, As of Yet. I Read The Bible. (KJV) And None Other. _PERSON_ i Am Curious About The Rest of The Books. As Different Versions (or translations) With The Same Belief System. To a Degree. I Believe in Life. I B
elieve in Peace. I Believe in Traditional Family Values. I Wish Innocent Animals Weren’t Murdered For Food. Yet I Feel as if (right now), I Have No Choice But to Continue to Be Apart of That Old Tradition. I’m Wandering a Bit. Point is, I Believe Our Bodies Create Energy With The Circuits We Were Born With. We Have Spirits. We Have Souls. We Have Bodies. And We Have Minds. All With Drives That Push Us For All We Hope, Desire, And Feel We Need. So With All That Said, There is a Possible Malfunction. Or What I Now Believe to Be a Warning System. In Our Flesh. And That is Called “anxiety”. it is Usually Unwanted And Something That Hinders Our Ability to Function With What is Painted as Normal Behavior. It is Usually a Problem That Uses Medication as a Solution. But What if, it is Actually a Process Sparked When We Are in Possible Danger. Be it Spiritual or Physical. Now Some Would Argue That Introduction is Nothing But Paranoia. “nothing bad is even happening” They Say. But You Feel it in Your Heart. 
You’re Shaking. Something is Wrong. So. With All That in Mind. Perhaps The Paranoia, The Fear, The Anxiety, And All The Rest, is a Spiritual, Perhaps Religious Warning. And The Body, Mind, Spirit, Aura, All of The Circuits of Energy. And Soul., is Saying, ‘Please Get to Higher Ground’. Hmm (???). Anyone (???)."
175998598,Yea the forum _AT_MENTION_
174341283,My paternal cousin has schizophrenia.
174341288,Fruit is good for you. It has a mix of many vitamins that we need. If you are super low on some substance you can buy bottles of supplements. I was low on D even though I get plenty of sun and eat oranges. I don’t listen to stuff I hear on the Internet at all these theories of what can cure this and that. But sometimes I do believe in placebos. So eat a healthy diet and you may get some benefit form that alone.
175998599,"I didn’t understand and was a little frustrated at first 'cause I didn’t want to end up being late you work. All he did was pull up next to me flashing his lights and politely asked me to stop from his window. I guess he just wanted to make sure I wasn’t holding drugs or making my get away from a B&E lol, my town has problems so I get it now after the fact."
175998600,Probably about a year.
175998601,"i am anticipating a better year and hopefully it will be so. to all the rest of us here that celebrate this holiday happy healthy new year to you. my new year’s resolution? to waste much less time!!! love ya, _NAME_"
174341277,"Whereas all the other psychiatrists told me i would die, i would always be very sick, i couldnt work, i would always use heavy doses of meds, i was a horrible person, i would come back to the ward anyway, etcetera… …this guy in a few talks just listened and told me there are many outcomes possible and gave me hope, and practical ideas to fight for recovery, without painting dream castles."
175998602,"Maybe by “malignant” they mean “bad” or “harmful”, as in how a tumor can be malignant."
175998603,Not every night but for sure once a week
175998604,"When I don’t take my medication, I am certainly prone to physical and verbal abuse. I become very irritable and very agitated. The smallest thing can set me off. It is not my better side, that’s for sure. Not sure where I rank in terms of neurotypicals being violent."
175998605,Unreal news! Good luck!
175998606,I nearly killed myself twice intentionally from psychosis delusions and not from depression. I thought I needed to prove to myself that I am God and that its impossible for me to die.
175998607,"You can vape CBD, i check it online definitely buy some next month when i have some money."
175998608,"Hate to say it but I agree, she’s only 15 and we’ve just taken away a support system in which is a scary time for her"
175998609,You’re not supposed to take ibuprofen with the vaccine. If you need another take aspirin instead.
175998610,Why? Is it because we’ll meet him/her sooner because we lose 20 years to meds?
175998611,"It sounds crazy and narcissistic that im smart. Im just going off what the greys told me in another past life. I think because I came up with conformal cyclic cosmology. They said its wrong though… It sounds stupid and dumb. We can’t talk about aliens here though. They experimented on me heavily like generic engineering. They gave me _PERSON_’s dna or brain slice in a past life. They got all the famous peoples dna and genetics, unfortunately. I hate my life a lot. Just don’t want to suffer anymore…"
175998612,"My doc wouldn’t really want me to have more meds when I was on several, but after couple tries they gave me what I wanted."
175998613,Welcome to the forums. I hope you feel better.
175998614,I have told them about it yea… I just get so scared and depressed about it. Maybe the answer is acceptance of it. But then I’m scared I’m ATTRACTING hell after death to me lol! Because of that acceptance. In recovery college I was told what you resist persists. I feel like maybe I just need to accept it. Lol!.. As a possibility anyways I hope your delusions come to the surface less
175998615,"A lot of these are the backs of the businesses in town. Here’s what the main street looks like… theschoolofhardnocks_95983614_837188403437352_209291544179342314_n1080×1080 176 KB theschoolofhardnocks_101030193_696162414288446_1367754846691519298_n1080×1080 190 KB theschoolofhardnocks_101494503_584370712204865_3474924106921678287_n1080×1080 193 KB There is some industrial stuff, but it’s just outside of town."
175998616,I found this wonderful book on Visual Journaling. “Layers of Meaning” by _PERSON_. It guides you.And inspires
175998617,"Besides being unmotivated, work has been busy, so I carry in stuff into the house and just leave it wherever there is a space, this weekend I decided every time I get up, I would deal with one thing, wash it, put it away etc, over the weekend I got lots more done than usual."
174341295,"When my now ex-wife told her new boyfriend that I had schizophrenia, he said “he’s not going to kill me is he”. I don’t know if he was joking. My ex-wife told me that’s what he said. The general public is more dangerous than the majority of people with schizophrenia. Most people are vastly uneducated in psychology."
175998618,"Hey guys. I’m sorry that I’m posting so much lately. I’m just so sad right now? Like. I just hate how it is progressing. My mom had to point out that my legs are so skinny and it’s just withering away. I don’t see a problem with it because it’s just life, but it just made me feel really bad. I just feel sad. It’s so demoralizing. It’s not helping my mental health. I’m so upset these days and I’m so tired… I don’t know. I hate this. I hope you guys don’t think I’m wining about my rare disease and talking about it too much. I always feel self-conscious about this but I know others with MD might not understand in a sz-perspective."
174341287,Did you switch again to Abilify like you said? No other med improved my negative symptoms of sz…
175998619,I could be wrong but by ordinary he probably meant non bizarre.
175998621,yeah _AT_MENTION_ I feel like any sort of traumatic event could push me over the edge
175998622,"Omg!! I’m in _NAME_, just north of you. that’s amazing. small world."
175998623,Lots of people would be ??????? I feel like I would be one of them.
175998624,"I mean we don’t need a manual, everything is right there within easy reach. It’s just natural, why confuse things: just grab it or rub it and do what comes naturally and don’t overthink it. Geeeez."
175998625,"If you able to control the side effects i mean not react to anxiety, stress etc then you can wait for more days before reverting. Its possibly withdrawal effect and it requires more days to settle like 3 weeks ore more."
175998626,I am glad. That’s means it has begun. I am sorry. But I am going to have to leave the forum. My imposition is not acceptable.
175998627,"Certainly those-yes, and even worse the ‘next stage of human evolution’ crowd. For me it’s something that due to the time taken to get a dx , and the lack of support for, has resulted in an abject failure to fulfil any potential I might’ve had."
175998628,Lol true 1415151
175998629,Don’t feel guilty _AT_MENTION_
175998630,"I tried some CBD and it had no effect. So I tried several stains of 50/50 mix of THC and CBD and they too had zero effect. The CBD just knocked out the THC effects completely. There was one effect that the CBD had, which was appetite reduction."
175998631,"SoO0…, Good Morning Peeps!. I Spent All Night Last Night In The Process If Creating A Song. And Passed Out Accidentally After Taking A Quick Break To Enlighten In Prayer. Woke Up And Only Could Remember Bits And Pieces. So…, I Did Another One!. Feel Better Now. Now I Dunno What To Do. . . Ugh!. P.s. Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!."
175998632,I sometimes can do that too I got CBT when I was in patient
175998633,"ahhh. I think instantly,my poem makes you think of a Man, but I tried to keep it neutral."
175998634,"Gonna have to accept, but maybe not cram it down anyone’s throat."
175998635,"I’m just interested if anyone knows what percentage of people with sz or sza etc. are the only ones with it in their family. I asked my mom yesterday about if my grandfather had depression - I thought he did but my mom said he didn’t and there’s no one with mental illness in my family. Maybe only my sister and niece who had bipolar symptoms but they are fine again with no problems. It’s only me with a chronic condition I’ve had for many years. As my mom said there’s nobody else with MI in my family, I sometimes wonder is mine real. It feels so but I doubt my mom accepts I have sza. She thinks it’s just stress it seems. It makes me worried if I’m pretending my sza - but why would I? Any feedback?"
175998636,"It’s probably not good to be sedentary all the time, even if you go for a 10-15 minutes walk everyday that is better than nothing. However it doesn’t necessarily have to be bad news. There are couch potatoes that live to 90 and health nuts that drop dead at 40. Although if you want to play the odds you should probably exercise a little and eat healthy."
174341301,"My voices were mostly negative and abusive. Clozapine did a great job in silencing them, among other things."
175998637,"Last Fall the holistic doctor (MD) I was seeing was concerned my blood sugar was getting too low. He said if I lost some more weight I could come off the diabetes med. I stopped taking it a week ago, and am having to monitor my blood sugar closely and really watch what I eat. I want my A1C (three month average blood sugar) to be acceptable when I go in April 27th. My doctor practices holistic medicine which emphasizes exercise, diet, and a normal BMI."
175998638,"News Flash, your not crazy!"
175998639,"I think alcohol can in some people but not in others. Like maybe even just a very small group of people. IDK, just my idea in my head haha. but I think I read this somewhere"
175998640,I know you are on latuda. May I know at what dose it reduce your voice? I know you are in college. Does it affect your concentration?
175998641,Oh wait a minute. I tapped on to my name and the log off option showed up. Thanks _AT_MENTION_
174341302,Best of luck with it _AT_MENTION_
175998642,"Well she did say that she was comfortable in diagnosing me with schizoaffective disorder. I guess with psychiatry nothing is certain. Bipolar and schizophrenia symptoms best describe me. I’m also aware that I suffer with anxiety and OCD. I might be over reading my situation, I’m sleep deprived today. I’m not going to press the issue with her any further. Thanks _AT_MENTION_"
175998643,"(I know I keep asking this, but I’m in doubt) I’ve been having suicidal thoughts for the past two weeks or so. Today they’ve gotten worse, and the voices are telling me to throw up my food, hurt myself, kills myself, and OD on pills. I talked to a friend about the two weeks of suicidal thoughts, and he asked me why I haven’t gone inpatient yet. I told him I didn’t feel like it was serious enough. I still don’t feel like it is, but it scares me that I’ve taken a turn for the worse so quickly. It’s literally a matter of hours. Like, what if it gets even worse? How serious should things be before I seek help at the psych er? How long should they have been that serious? Should I take more quetiapine and try to ride it out?"
175998644,"Just used the following url to convert your prolactin to ng/ml. Well mine is at similar levels. Yes its true i would worry if its goes above 2000 mu/L or above 100 ng/ml. http://unitslab.com/node/129 Forgot to ask, what dose of amisulpride are you taking ? Im on 200mg"
174341296,Mental illness has a similar purpose as physical illness. I just can’t define it.
175998645,I had no friends in primary school (which was grades 1-7 in qld australia at the time). I usually ate lunch on my own. Thankfully things picked up in highschool.
175998646,what helps to fade delusions whn first disgnosed?
175998647,https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XiYlJuPO1DM Listening to this
175998648,"I’m never touching marijuana again. Sure it boosted my motivation, my confidence and my creativity, upon other things. But I’m done with it. So many relationships gained and lost, so much pain to it. If I wanna be creative, I’ll just get some coffee and nibble on some nicotine gums or lozenges Sorry for diverging the topic, but in the near future kids are going smoke while wearing diapers. And it just pisses me."
175998649,that sucks that they don’t take care of you on those days. I think the others gave good advice. I hope you find a solution soon! _USER_ID_: and welcome to the forum!
174341297,First olazopine 20 mg then down to 15 then loxxapine 20 then down to 10 now abilify 10
175998650,I love it! I play Call of Cthulhu with my friends and this is so excellent!
175998651,Which phosphatidylserine brand is best or you use? Can it be taken with NAC?
175998652,"Working is hard for me , but need the money"
175998653,I think you should call your psychiatrist if you are feeling auicidal.
174341305,"Cipralex 15mg Clonazepam 0.5 PRN Propranolol 40mg My last AP med was Clozapine. I’ve tried many APs, even 2 APs, but they just wrecked my brain. We are all different and I’m still looking for something that helps. So far, Clonazepam does it best."
175998654,I did the same search for supplements and kind of stopped it now. I now only sometimes use a calcium/magnesium/zinc tablet and in severe times saffron tea. I see the latter as a mild drug though and treat it as i formerly would a benzo.
175998655,Because of my pdocs till now
175998656,If you haven’t done anything wrong why are you paranoid ? Relax it’s been 2 months.
175998657,Looks like a landscape ! Very nice.
175998658,"I think it was _PERSON_ who said jealousy has a good purpose which is to drive self improvement,! And changing perspectives perhaps, outlooks,"
175998659,i take valium is that good?
175998660,I think some are okay with some others. Maybe call your pharmacist
175998661,That too!..
175998662,not well right now
175998663,I’m worried about going out because I’m on oxygen.
175998664,I like to dance a little bit. I dance every couple to few days. This keeps my tummy muscles from getting lax.
175998665,I’d hate to rely on my brother more. He’s busy working from home.
175998666,Do you think politics makes you psychotic;?;Too many directions at once;?;
175998667,"lol, I got a new partner"
175998668,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ , I take this too. Sometimes I take 3 to 4 dosages."
175998669,You’re completely right. I’d rather be single even if I like her than because I enjoy my own company. Also relationships are difficult.
175998670,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ . I am still learning about the disorder in a lot of ways
175998671,Psychosis is not too bad. Anxiety is still pretty bad though. Has it been a hot summer in Greece?
175998672,Sometimes you need to be a little bit bad to do any good.
175998673,I know how you feel _AT_MENTION_. I hate highways too. Glad your safe at home.
174341298,When i took 200 mg seroquel my heart officially stops for 1 or 2 second.i feel that i m gonna die.
175998674,Thankyouuuuuu…
175998675,"When things get extreme for me, I like to not focus on the negative aspects of multiple things at once and rationalize things. It’s easy to find something bad about anything in existence, but it’s a trap. I recommend to hang in there and focus on where you want to be in the future, and also start trusting that you have the power to improve yourself from these things and situations."
175998676,"I am writing about sz from my point of view. The professionals dont have sz usually. I would love to read your poems though. I am not a poet but here are some lyrics I wrote many months ago after my sz broke. So many questions we will always ask Finding answers is no easy task But all you need to know, know, know Is let it be and let it go Fear is the thing brains just dont want to face Tries to keep it in a hidden place But if you simply cant face that fear There’s a part of you, you can’t be near This world is such a difficult place So many dangers we will have to face Fighting back or clinging to Are the things we tend to do Things are popping in and popping out Being is what this world is all about As life flows on, just watch the show Dont turn away or down you’ll go So many questions we will always ask Finding answers is no easy task But all you need to know, know, know Is let it be and let it go"
175998677,"Trying to figure out if the neighbors are bugging me or what their trip is. I get so tired of the games and being fooled; guessing if they’re listening to me, guessing what they’re picking up on when they’re listening. Control, power, just so sick of it all."
175998678,_AT_MENTION_ that’s fine with me!
175998679,"Is it happening to you? I have game library over 40games and I can easily subscribe to Origin Access to play even more. I’ve bought Guild Wars 2, all assassins _NAME_ games, gta 5, the witcher 2 and 3, hearts of iron, mount and blade, total war games. It’s just I feel I have nothing to play and I would feel being bothered If I forced myself to play anything. I remember when I was 16 I played one game in one night non-stop to complete it and now it takes weeks to complete like 40 hour game. Is it negatives or you think that I have had enough of gaming ?"
174341303,"… Or it’s the cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia. Or a formal thought disorder. My mom says I have thought disorders as the disorganized symptoms of schizophrenia. Maybe you have that too? But antipsychotics aren’t going to fix it all. Some things you have to work for, and other things you have to live with. I have hallucinations every single day. If it gets too bad, I take a prn ativan and/or haldol, but other than that, there’s really not much I can do about it. You have to try your hardest to live in spite of that. Just because you’re hearing a few voices every now and again doesn’t mean you can’t go out. Do you have any pets? One that’ll force you to get out of bed or off of the couch? It’s much easier to force yourself to do sh it that you don’t want to do if you’re doing it for someone else, you know? Like with my dog. She’s got to eat, which means that I’ve got to get out of bed and go downstairs to feed her, and that I’ve got to go to the store and get her some 
food and treats. She has to use the bathroom, which means I have to get up however many times each day and take her out. She needs to drink water, so I have to get up and fill her bowl with fresh cold water twice a day. She needs attention, which means I have to play with her and rub her and give her kisses even if I want to watch TV or something."
175998680,"I’m with you. My family goes to sleep and I’m up for hours after them. The kids wake up, and I’m out of it for a couple of hours. Then, I hate myself. It’s a horrible cycle. It’s even harder when school stops. I hope you find can what you need to get up in the mornings!"
175998681,I bought two broccolis because of this news…
175998682,I still get paranoid even with the meds. ive got Quietiapine 25’s prescribed for “psychotic anxiety” - whatever the hell that means. But the only thing that truly knocks it on the head - is a good old fashioned benzo. Alot of it tho i think - has to do with my self esteem.
175998683,"They say 5% who have been cosistantly medicated manage to quit at some point. Working out triggers are key to both get off meds and stay off meds. For most of us it will never be possible to quit, but I’m happy for you. Hope you stay strong."
174341304,just trying to help them realize… am sure we’ve both once wasted our time on just pure lack of information on how to rationalize our schizo
175998684,I used to take 5mg of Abilify but I don’t think it ever made me tired.
175998685,My goal is to study math in uni one day
175998686,"You shouldn’t have to go to a hospital, just because things are on your mind. Its too bad you dont have someone you can confide in."
175998687,Wat kind of fasting diet _AT_MENTION_?
175998688,I think a lot of marriages struggle from time to time but you shouldn’t allow yourself to be abused.
175998689,it took me a while to grasp it… at first it was like nothing happened… they had said it and i just kept doing like i had been doing cause i was really still much in the psychosis but then when the meds started to work i could grasp it eventually.
175998690,I’m not learning these. I got them all down.
175998691,How old were you?
175998692,Yes Whatever I wanted. I just downloaded a calorie counting app and watched my calories. I tried keto and could only stick it for a month.
175998693,I know. It was not kind.
175998694,"Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_! I’ve never heard whispers, but I’m sure others here have. This is a very supportive community. I’m glad you found us."
175998695,"I’m always afraid of saying the wrong thing. Movies and tv make talking to the opposite sex such an easy, natural thing. For me, I’d rather say nothing than risk ruminating the rest of life about what was said. It is likely a confidence problem. Maybe be aggressive and let the chips fall where they may? But an aggressive sz is not a good look. How does a sz man flirt effectively?"
175998696,Thanks _NAME_!! 161515
175998697,"That’s a relief. It’s usually not TD, but it’s always good to make sure."
175998698,"I would say its impossible for google to filter all of it. These sites change their names and pop up in minutes. Porn on the internet is dangerous - it gives young men, and teens - the wrong impressions about how to treat a woman. Get a dirty book out the library instead."
175998699,I gained 70 lb from risperidal and lost one pound on invega since being on it for two years
175998700,image3024×4032 2.08 MB
175998701,I was 10 years into sz. Had lived overseas. Had a real relationship over erotomania and still doing what i did then now. Good points. Moved into helping out at the cricket club and got on a disability pension. No stress. Good life. Nothing changed from 10 years ago except I lost my wonderful mother and a 20 year old cat. That shite sux. Still. 10 years late doing ok.
175998702,Bump _PHONE_NO_
175998703,"In anxiety you fear that something possible and bad will happen but in psychosis that’s impossible to happen, unrealistic, out of reality."
174341311,"They changed it to paranoid schizophrenia when I was in the psychiatric hospital in 2008, but I think the SzA is the correct diagnosis."
175998704,I had a therapist who was extremely good looking and she was a real social worker/therapist. She was the best one I ever had
175998705,It’s really annoying because I can’t answer you as it is against the rules on here. I went deep into stories of things of things that I have done with women and they backed all of them up. I could mention the briefly mention the beginning of some stories discussed if you’re interested.
174341309,"I got it silent once for couple days, but now its occasional throughout the day. I’ll ask small dose of nmda antagonist abilify next time I talk to pdoc. I dont know what else to try"
175998706,The Old Man and the Sea.
175998707,Do you see I admire us?
175998708,It’s a common procedure. They do everything to make it safe. It shouldn’t make you sicker.
175998710,oh that doesn’t sound professional… he shouldn’t be touching you really…
175998711,I have heard funky music.
175998712,"the truth is… those people you think are tormenting you, are just the same TV that talks to you, you just see them as people instead of the TV… and back in the days before TVs were invented, schizophrenics were talked to by newspapers; reading it thinking there is a secret message being sent to them through the newspapers… People like us always gonna feel like some message is being sent to us, either through the TV talking to us, of the voices of strangers minding their own business having their own conversations, or like the old days, the daily newspapers… It’s best to just understand you mind just wants you to listen to them like they’re talking to you, but they’re really not, they probably just talking about the football match last night, or some hot girl they saw. Just ignore it all and get use to it, coz it’s for life and won’t stop tomorrow or next week, so stop stressing about it and accept it us your life. don’t be fooled thinking it’s people talking. If you can’t ha
ndle hearing them, just move somewhere quiet and you won’t have to listen to them talk."
175998713,Then you need to start using crisis lines. You’ve got to get help somehow. If you can’t take it anymore go to the ER.
175998714,I’ve never been on that medicine but I’m very happy that you are doing better.
175998715,Good. It’s very important
175998716,What do you mean wo know it hurts?
175998717,I lived in fear of a lot of things for a heck of a long time. I didn’t get dxed till 29. It’s not rational and that is the issue. It’s symptomatic if you can get that perspective. Meds help. They really do but work with your doctor and let them know these things…They need to know your fears… I’m 50. I spent over half my life in fear of things that weren’t really rational. I still suffered thinking those things though…On my meds now I don’t live in fear. That is really a better way to be.
175998718,"If you have some family, I think you can be without friends."
175998719,"I had one. See a boat, you lose a million bucks. But can’t remember how it started."
175998720,_PERSON_ and the feeling of fuzzy peaches
174341310,"I offcorse know that schizophrenia is not having several personalities (DID), but what exactly is “split mind” in schizophrenia? Its derived from greek words Schizo (split), phrenia (mind)."
175998721,Good going on the sobriety
175998722,Have a good day
175998723,"the Guardian – 10 Nov 20 _NAME_’s recipe for yuzu chicken, broccoli and rice An impressively spicy and satisfying Japanese chicken dish with veg and rice. By _NAME_"
175998724,Laughter is the best medicine.
175998725,which type of maths did you study?
175998726,Yes my gf and some family. But i dont think theyd miss me much.
175998727,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ .i also never felt discriminited at here and i don t think its about my etnicity or something.i just feel weird.i think its just a delusion.thank you for warm reply.
174341317,"They say 2/3 of us get at least significantly better as we age. I studied neuroplasticity a bit in college. I was also part of two studies on using neuroplasticity to treat negative symptoms in psychotic disorders. I can tell you the following: I went untreated for 10 years before getting on meds an MRI taken right before I started meds showed gray matter loss significantly higher than someone of my age, as well as a shift in my midline. These are consistent with psychosis/brain injury, both of which I had. am MRI taken four years after treatment showed no further damage. I choose to interpret this as my treatment protecting me against further brain damage. Whether it’s because of the meds, the therapy, the experimental studies, or what, I have clear evidence that what I am doing is working."
175998728,Deleted it now. Probably isn’t appropriate
175998729,About What?.
175998730,"lol yea, i was thinking same thing =D"
175998731,So. As an attack on gun violence your president wants to target mentally ill people which is no sane reaction to the realities. So sad… https://www.msn.com/en-au/news/world/trump-eyes-mental-institutions-as-answer-to-gun-violence/ar-AAGDrp2?li=AAgfYrC&ocid=mailsignout
174341322,are you full blown with schizophrenia _AT_MENTION_ …?
175998732,I feel like I can’t get away from my former BFF. She’s ubiquitous. She always finds a way to get in contact with me even after long absences. Even after I’ve blocked her phone number. I can’t escape her. It’s very frustrating. She’s never harmed or threatened me so I can’t put a restraining order against her.
175998733,Well I hope they find it for you.
175998734,Never try to invent something while you’re drunk.
175998735,"I’ve tried Invega, Zyprexa, Abilify, rexulti, loxapine, clozaril. some of those helped a bit but never got rid of the psychosis. some of them (zyprexa and to a lesser extent loxapine) made me much worse, delerious actually. I’ve only been on Seroquel five days. doesn’t make me a tad bit sleepy either, which from what I’ve read is very unusual. No side effects so far but I am completely calm. and my kind has mental clarity. I feel energized and motivated (negative symptom coverage), I’m connecting dots that are in line with reality and figuring out what reality is. There’s gaps still in coverage, but probably because it’s only 5 days and my dose is relatively small. I honestly didn’t believe recovery was possible and with two past attempts of suicide I have so much new hope for the future. I hope it keeps getting better."
174341319,"PubMed Childhhood Trauma in Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders: Dissociative,... Current evidence suggests a high prevalence of childhood trauma (CT) among adult patients diagnosed with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. Exposure to CT might lead to clinical differences eventually observed in these patients. We present a..."
174341318,I am guessing none of the therapies you tried could offer much for negative symptoms? Thanks.
175998736,Second hand smoke is a government introduced myth to demonize smokers. Some idiot scientist even came up with third hand smoke. I guess if you lick a carpet where someone has been smoking you can get cancer.
175998737,"‘I Cannot Help You With That Juicy Juice, I Need Litter Box, WAIT!’~"
175998738,_AT_MENTION_ That’s INCREDIBLE!! You’re working so hard!! Keep it up! The reward is worth it!!
175998739,You just did it again. How can you not see it?
175998740,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174341316,"I have paranoid schizophrenia, and I’ve had two jobs since being diagnosed. They were tough on me, I couldn’t handle the stress/workload. Finding a job with low stress is my next goal. Some stress is okay, and there’s no job out there with no stress. Just gotta find the right balance"
175998741,"amazon.com Amazon.com: Amyloban 3399 180 Veg Tabs: Health & Personal Care Promote healthy cognitive function with Mushroom Wisdom Amyloban 3399 Amyloban 3399 features Amycenone(R), a patented extract from lion's mane mushroom. This helped my thought broadcasting after only 5 days of use, but month may be required to get full potential. You use this as add on to the ap you are on now"
175998742,"_PERSON_, the monotony of the day to day can wear down on anyone for sure. It sounds similar to those of us who experience the highs and lows of bipolar-- from what I’ve read, people with bipolar often long for the manic phases of their illness, as they have boundless energy and everything is exciting. Some even go so far as to try to induce those manic states in order to chase that feeling. Psychosis, as alluring as some scenarios can be, would just be taking a step forward and like, a billion steps backwards. Your brain would certainly suffer, as would other aspects of your life. From an outsider’s perspective, it sounds like you just need a break from routine. I hope you can find something you enjoy that will get you out of this slump, _AT_MENTION_."
174341320,"Perseverance and grit is the greatest predictor of success, schizophrenic or otherwise. Nothing else."
174341324,"I tried a few kind of therapy… Psychoanalysis, behavioral and cognitive therapy. Concerning negative symptoms, personally time has helped me to get better. I’m still often tired, but i get better. I think that anxiety also contributes to tiring us a lot, which makes us feel the negative symptoms even more. It’s a good thing to treat anxiety, in my opinion."
175998743,Yeah see - to me thats fine. cos your not taking the _USER_ID_ with it. Maybe im oversensitive - but ive had too many comments in the past saying “dont talk to him hes SKITSO” - and that abbreviation rattles my bones! lol
175998744,Helps a bit thanks
175998745,They did. They were an amazing civilisation. They were just a bunch of savages.
175998746,"Well, another thing is if you are predisposed…why don’t you get sz earlier, even when your parents. Also why does it take to be like 19 years or even a 30 year old to get sz if you are predisposed genetically."
175998747,"I’m sorry for you but Noise is right, you deserve to be happy."
175998748,Should I give up farming and join the priesthood?
175998749,Yes but at the same time depressing. I dont know what to do with my life I am isolated for like 3 years. It’s like I was dreaming whole time now I woke up
175998750,"My listening revolves alot but my usual go-tos are Strapping Young Lad, Queens of the Stone Age, Electric Wizard, and Black Sabbath."
175998751,Plus North Korea
175998752,yeah then after that im going back in the foster home
175998753,"Im sure your smart. I think a lot of academic stuff is based on study habits and style of study. Ive just been reading this book my dad recommended called ‘‘a mind for numbers’’. Its about how to study. It really applies to any subject. Just how the mind deals with information and how to get the learned knowledge into your longterm memory. I started on a journey a few years ago on working my way toward going to school for software development, id like to go into cyber security. but I was just horrible at math. like I was 29 and I was at barely a grade 5 level for math. Just never learned it due to my middle school/high school situations. So I worked on uprooting my entire math learning skills with great difficulty. Ive worked my way up mastering skills up to pre-calculus, and just been working through that now. Now its become a fun challenge. Had lots of setbacks due to mental health but Ive kept working on that too. Its like learning math at the same time helped me improve my mental health 
because i need my mental health to be good in order to study. What I’m saying is if you really want to do it then you can do it. I used to own a property maintenance company, not landscape but exterior building cleaning, but I sold it in 2018. cheers"
175998754,Glad to hear you’re having some better days. This made me chuckle a little bit. I’m glad it’s working out for you!
175998755,welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_ sorry to hear you feel so bad =(
175998756,"I was told I’d be dead by age 40 because of my heart condition _AT_MENTION_. Welcome to life off the edge of the map. Find yourself another hobby to keep your mind busy and keep buggering on. Do some photography. Make some more music. Whatever, just keep busy! Living through sudden death overtime ain’t so bad. Cheers and Merry Christmas, mate."
175998757,You may have a problem if you feel a lot of pressure around your eyes.
175998758,No but it’s morning and I don’t eat breakfast so I have had nothing.
175998759,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ Much appreciated
175998760,"It bores me. It’s like watching sports, also boring. Nookie and sports are both fun if you’re actually participating, but sitting there and watching someone else have all the fun? Meh."
175998761,"im on a new med now since a couple months ago, losing weight pretty quickly and easily now"
175998762,"Hey, that’s great progress! Don’t beat yourself upvthat it’s not happening as fast as you’d like. Little progress is still a step in the right direction."
175998763,"i like your suggestion the most, lolz"
175998764,Benzos do nothing for my paranoia. Olanzapine has kept it in hand for 4 years
175998765,Good wishes to you and yours
175998766,Very cute. I like them a lot!
175998767,"Discipline as a concept is good but can’t you exercise and practice it in a better, more productive area than sleep deprivation?"
175998768,Hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_. You too _AT_MENTION_.
175998769,Take care of yourself Walla. Please stay safe. You are loved.
175998770,Probably a month or so.
175998771,Last night my partner called 911 for an ambulance for me because I was having pretty bad intermittent chest pain that felt like indigestion. It didn’t go away with 3 Tums. I got a complete workup and was sent home 3 hours later without a diagnosis. I slept soundly that night and have had no further chest pain since.
175998772,I take two 151515
175998773,I pay zero euros for my meds
175998774,"I can understand you because my father comes from another generation where mental illness was kind of taboo and was just told by everyone "" Aye, get over it"" But it is a process and sometimes people can understand it and sometimes people will dismiss it because they don’t understand the grade of pain one is in. I hope I made sense, but I understand you and I’m here to listen."
175998775,"Had a delusion I’d die at 27, id join the club. It was almost self fulfilling. When I turned 28i started working on myself, getting sober, getting mental health help, trying to make my life better. I’ve given it a shot, and for me, it was worth it."
175998776,I can with meds.
175998777,Funnily enough I’m not even sleeping during the day
175998778,"I used to at one point, but I’ve learned through therapy not to give them any control over me, physically nor emotionally."
174341330,Off meds and while on Abilify I made behaviors that nearly killed someone and myself.
175998779,Is that the same as antivirus?
174341334,"_NAME_, M.D. - Power Foods for the Brain"
175998780,"Oh I get it now. I thought you weren’t eating and just juicing. Usually, your medicine will have absorbed in less than 40 minutes. So I would just call your drs office and ask them"
175998781,"_AT_MENTION_ ,Get your sleep straightened out and I bet it’ll all go away."
175998782,This time i played with the audio to get the levels a little better as _AT_MENTION_ suggested. Appreciate any feedback. Thanks guys _USER_ID_: coarse language warning
175998783,I believe KarXT which is currently in development does the job of stimulating M1 Muscarinic receptor
175998784,I get you. I’m the same way.
175998785,"Yeah,_USER_ID_…"
175998786,Covid is never going away. It’s here for good. A vaccine won’t do much
175998787,It’s a marathon not a sprint. Glad your in a good headspace but it’s a work in progress for most. Hang in there.
174341339,I have quite a bit of support living in an assisted living center. It’s probably the best solution for people with chronic sz.
175998788,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175998789,"I’m sorry, but that’s not good enough. You need to go back on all of your meds, at least until you can discuss it with the doctors who prescribed them. You are not a doctor, so quit acting like you know what you’re doing before you end up dead."
175998790,There is someone in my life that I often wish would die. It would make my life so much easier. I love them and really don’t want them to die but still when they are hurting me and causing me grief the thought that it would be easier if they would just die in a car accident or something comes to my mind. I can’t help it. I feel like a terrible person for thinking these thoughts but they just come up. It’s not like I’m planning their death. It’s not like I would ever kill someone. They are just thoughts. I try not to beat myself up. I had a whole lot of therapy over the guilt for these kind of cognitions.
175998791,"LS! My age is 61. My weight is 136 kilo or 300lbs. Since January 2018 I do intermittent fasting: I fast Thursdays and Sundays. For a year now I exercise daily. I lost 25 kilo 55lbs: but the last half year I lost nothing. I eat with the clock every two and a half hour something: I try not to eat in between. I am very muscular but it does not show enough with all the fat. The result from a comprehensive blood test just came in, everything was fine; my erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 5! That is because I eat a lot of anti inflammatory food like garlic, ginger, magnesium, willow bark, borage oil. Ever heard of inflammaging? I am going to try harder to lose weight. I stopped eating avocado and I try to eat less cheese. My HbA1c is 41, I am on Metformin, but my glucose levels are under control now. Not too many carbs for me."
175998792,"I think most of us have been hurt by people who are not sorry. I’ve been bullied a lot, I still struggle with forgiveness, it’s so hard. But when I think how far I came in my life, I feel better."
174341336,"_AT_MENTION_ I would tend to agree with you . It,to my mind,goes to show that not all research is good re improving the knowledge base on psychosis/schizophrenia . It’s good to be aware of such things."
175998793,i don’t think killing yourself is the best option… things could all get better still… this is just temporary.
174341341,i didnt like it. i stopped taking it
175998794,Glad to hear you didn’t. Are you experiencing bad negatives?
175998795,OP’s topic is not in good taste. My two cents. Aren’t we super anti-poking-fun-at-people here? And now to poke fun at the folks on this site. No good.
175998796,so they will be dull after a while?
175998797,That’s a dumb idea and could kill you. I take Metformin myself. Get back on your diabetes meds !
175998798,"That’s rough. It’s hard. One of the reasons I’m so pro med is because of it, I would of hurt a lot of people, don’t want to go back there."
175998799,I only take an extra 250mg once in a blue moon. She really told me to take an extra dose when I’m feeling super anxious/agitated. She told me to take no more than 250mg. It’s because I refuse to take benzos.
174341342,"newswire.ca Class Action Authorized For People In Canada Who Used ABILIFY® And... /CNW/ -- Consumer Law Group announces a class action has been authorized on behalf of all Canadians who took ABILIFY® before February 23, 2017 and developed..."
175998800,My current diagnosis is bipolar disorder but I have to be on AP’s and meds for the rest of my life because I become psychotic without them.
175998801,Pizza or brussel sprouts. Hmmmmmmm pizzaaaaaa
175998802,That might be why you are rejected. Residential treatment is usually for people who are pretty sick.
175998803,"Remember your goals for the future. You want to become an NP. You can’t do that unless you’re stable on meds. You have been doing very well. You can have the life you want. Staying on meds is part of the equation, though."
175998804,It could never happen. Humans don’t have the power to create the universe.
175998805,All staff are volunteering.
175998806,It’s imperative that you tell her so that you get help and stop hurting yourself
175998807,"“Always trust the man looking for the truth, never trust the man who says he’s found it.” Not sure where I heard that."
175998808,My family is very dear to me…my mom helps us a bunch…I feel lucky.
175998809,I hope things will improve for you. Sorry to hear that things are really changing right now. That sucks
175998810,I think wanting to be part of things is normal and healthy
175998811,They told me to walk around town with my belly out lol. As a test to show that I’m not a self conscious person anymore … They were trying to change my way of being. Also to have sex with these two guys in the park. Because the voice was going to possess them with himself. And then we were meant to be together so he wanted me to ???? with them.
174341340,I don’t know if this is placebo but my negative symptoms have improved. Ive been taking amisulpride for 3 months now Ive changed to abilify but I feel like this is a sign that my brain is recovering I dont believe meds work against negative symptoms. _AT_MENTION_ have hope brothers and sisters.
175998812,I probably do but I was awfully understanding today when my boyfriend gave me a box of my stuff from his apartment and in there was another woman’s undies. I didn’t jump to the conclusion that he cheated on me?. He told me he was joking and he has had them for years and doesn’t know who’s they are.
175998813,Try to figure out if you are delusional.
175998814,I hope you have a normal day
175998815,"Uh, semi-productive. I slept in until 10:30 am than got up and checked my voicemail to see if my therapist called for our appointment at 10:00. Luckily, her phone went out of whack and she couldn’t have called on time. I talked to her later though. Had to hang around and wait for the exterminator to come. He got here and was in and out for only about ten minutes. Made some calls, then had to wait for the plumber to come. So yeah, mostly spend the day whittling down my To-Do list."
175998816,When I feel sad about things I know it’s time to top up my b-vitamins. Stops it cold.
175998817,You cant blame yourself.
174341347,"I drink about 3 or more beers a night. Sometimes 1 tall boy. My doctor told me her meds aren’t working as effectively when I drink. When I was at my worst delusional wise, my schizophrenia was full blown, I was a nutcase lol, I accidentally caught a criminal trespassing charge. Anyways, I missed the court date and they put a bench warrant on me. I got arrested around this past Christmas, had to do like 9-10 days. While I was there I had no access to alcohol. My mind was SILENT 98% of the time! I even missed them, they would occassionally remind me that they are there, but for the most part, I had my brain back. I was and still am taking Zoloft and Zyprexa."
175998818,I have been pretty open about it. The only people I didn’t tell were my employers.
175998819,Yes very nice! Cool stuff!
175998820,"No I am not. I am still on employment sickness benefits but even when I was working I had the RAMQ public insurance, I have always had it. On RAMQ website it says anyone who is a resident in Quebec is elligible. Everyone who has taken up residence permanently in Québec must have prescription drug coverage at all times. But you either choose public or private insurance, I dont think you can have both."
175998821,"I only had one coffee today, a can of pepsi and a mint choc chip cooler, the rest was water"
175998822,"I don’t know if it’s messing with me still or not. It was just the worst thing that happened to me and it really shook me. The reason it was so bad was because of how psychotic I was when I was there, they weren’t giving me all my meds. I had been placed in hospitals but talked my way out of it at trial, so I guess my mom thought it was the only option. I don’t think she counted on them isolating me though. I’m lucky I’ve gotten so much better with meds and won’t end up in that situation again. If they had given me the right meds I could have called someone for bail. At the end of the isolation they sent me to a hospital where I was put back on the meds I was prescribed before going in. I recovered enough sanity to stand trial and then they sent me back to the jail and the charges were dropped. I spent a few days in solitary after I got back from the hospital, where I was socializing with like twenty people, and it was rough but doable. I was on my meds again so I was sane enough to a
sk for National Geographic, which was a huge awesome thing since I had gone so long without any reading material."
175998823,"Yes, its moderately sedative."
174341343,"my doc gave me 5mg saphris once for sleep, it knocked me out"
175998824,I ride in a _NAME_ supplied by our assisted living facility. I usually go somewhere only once a week. I spend all my time in the clubhouse or in my room. It’s not bad.
175998825,I have _PERSON_ Germany one:
175998826,"There is No Reason to Think You Deserve Cruel Punishment For Being Above The Rest Sorry to Inform That is, Unless You Go Out of Your Way to Live With Willful Ignorance Have a Nice Day _AT_MENTION_ Sincerely, Nosferatu Bat Beam (sleepoptimistic)"
175998827,How does that make you a psychopath?
175998828,I went to a Chinese vegetable market and it was a lot of fun! ^.^ Had tofu dumplings for dinner. Had a long nap all day and it was refreshing!
174341346,"_AT_MENTION_ Wowza! Do you drink that much to that to help with negative symptoms, drowsiness, or what? _AT_MENTION_ Thank you very much! I am hoping a nap before the visit (if I can) will help some."
175998829,yes hearing voices and kicked
175998830,I didnt notice a change. The mental health workers in my old city are very very good. I was taken seriously the same now as i did when the doctors thought it was just depression.
175998831,Reason and logic don’t apply here. I also know as a mere Information that’s unlikely. But my heart surrenders to this cameras belief
175998832,We just have to be careful not to fixate so much on blame. “My life is bad because of x people” Maybe so but it is our job to move on from the past and whatever that bad interference was. My parents never got any kind of mental help for me and I grew up with bad mental illness. Did that result in a lot of suffering and even trauma for me? Yes. Did a lot of bad things happen due to that and my life not go as I dreamed because of it? Yes. But as soon as I was able to I sought help for myself and I changed my life. I did not let my parents’ failures hold me back. And I have since forgiven them for not helping me because they were really just clueless.
175998833,You’re welcome
175998834,"Variety – 29 Aug 20 _PERSON_, ‘Black Panther’ Star, Dies at 43 _PERSON_, star of “Black Panther,” died on Friday after a four year battle with colon cancer, his rep confirmed to Variety. He was 43. Before he was cast as the Marvel Studios s…"
175998835,Go for a walk. Put away my washing that’s been laying out for days. Try not to binge eat like I’ve been doing last few days.
175998836,"Yeah, we’re not moving until end of April."
175998837,Talking with sz.
175998838,Energy drinks 1515
175998839,"If you want good advice for that, PM me and I can look up which one we have. It’s been going strong for two years."
175998840,Thanks _AT_MENTION_.
175998841,"Hi. Yes, amisulpride is very good and possibly the best antipsychotic on the planet but it has some serious side effects. Mainly, it raises prolactin levels which then causes other side effects. I think USA is protecting it’s citizens."
175998842,I’m sorry to hear of your obvious suffering. But I am so happy to see you. I was just thinking about you the other day and how I missed you so. Be kind to yourself.
175998843,"I wonder if anybody uses the Medication category on here. My combo is about right, but I worry about this venlafaxine, mixed reviews."
175998844,Shy and retiring is good! it’s protection for you and from the evil world around you. Sometimes you have to do the opposite before you know what is you. It would have saved you a lot of trouble though hah?!
175998845,Now I’m really worried
175998846,ha ha ha ha ha
175998847,Self-_USER_ID_ is a ?????.
175998848,"Here’s the studies on resveratrol for gut health. PubMed Central (PMC) Resveratrol, Metabolic Syndrome, and Gut Microbiota Resveratrol is a polyphenol which has been shown to have beneficial effects on metabolic syndrome-related alterations in experimental animals, including glucose and lipid homeostasis improvement and a reduction in fat mass, blood pressure, low-grade..."
175998849,We are only messing with you
175998850,I stopped it because I have no erection anymore
175998851,All the best _AT_MENTION_ I am sure with god’s grace u will come out of it as fit as a fiddle
175998852,"The only side effect I have is weight gain but that mainly because I didn’t care for myself like I should. I say just watch for side effects that make you uncomfortable. Like more anxiety, let the antipsychotics work its way for at least 30 days."
175998853,A much better solution to your weight gain would be to replace the drugs that make it impossible to loose weight with some weight friendly medications If we go of our drugs it might cause a disaster in our lives.
175998854,"Or also, _AT_MENTION_ , I thought of how now, maybe, I need some time to pardon myself the bad stuff from the past years in my head… To pardon myself the so strong despair. Maybe its up to this now… I became a bit dumber, cause ive tried too many aps and I was counting only on this, but yeah, its another story. I was afraid from this illness before. I try to accept it now."
175998855,"Thank you.I mean If I start eating better I might do better mentally?I am not sure,maybe also stresses me out as I cannot enjoy some of my favourite food"
175998856,Am I hypochondriac too ? I know I am but didn’t know my psychosis was hypochondriasm
175998857,"Thanks! I’m studying for a masters in Nuclear Engineering right now, and Ive learned a lot so far. By no means a master, especially at particle physics haha but Ill get there. Id love to be at the forefront of this stuff"
175998858,Thanks I appreciate it
175998859,"My heart breaks for you, I’m sorry for your loss. Are you getting the help you need?"
174341349,I didn’t get this from RTE. I got it from a Harvard newsletter. I’m inclined to believe that it’s not vascular by a malfunction of the pruning process as stated in the post I put up!
175998860,"I don’t get u, it’s a normal reaction to a delusion"
175998861,"Sorry I didn’t mean to sound impatient. I, and a lot of other members, are very excited for you to be a mod and you’re doing a great job. I’d be completely lost if it was me."
175998862,What? No way. Really? What happened? RIP _PERSON_
175998863,i got enough money to help me and my parents get through life. Being wealthy would be nice but i’m ok with what i have… i’m glad i get help from the government and i’m really thankful for it.
174341350,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174341352,"Hi all, First, I want to let you know that I was diagnosed with schizophrenia in 2016. During 2016-2017 I was not taking medication regularly, but from 2017 I have been taking the prescribed medication regularly. Apart from that, during the course of my studies, I’ve realized that I’m facing the following issues: Everyday, I don’t want to start studying (be it reading, watching lectures, solving problems), even though I like the idea of studying. In other words, I don’t want to exert mental effort on things. On the other hand, if I do force myself to sit and study, I cannot remain seated, on average, for more than 45 minutes and even quite less than that when I’m reading or solving questions. It’s like I get the feeling that my brain is overloaded with information and I start feeling restless and then, I start walking/pacing in my room and it becomes very hard to force myself to study again. Due to this, I can’t read more than 1-2 paragraphs at a time, can’t solve more than 1-2 prog
ramming questions at a time and can’t watch more than 30-35 minutes of computer science lecture at a time (and I’m supposed to watch 3 hrs lectures as I’m attending a coding bootcamp). This is really interfering with my studies and mental well-being. One thing to note is that some parts of this particular issue, especially the walking/pacing part after every physics/maths question I solved, were there before I was diagnosed with schizophrenia in 2016, when I was seriously preparing for an entrance exam around 2010-2011. The second point I want to tell is that I’m really unable to context switch and have to get up and walk/pace between contexts. Here are some examples as to how it manifests in my everyday life: If I’ve a meeting at 2:00 - 3:00 PM, then I cannot do anything important before 2:00 PM and after 3:00 PM. Basically, I can only do one major task in a day. Likewise in studying, if I’m reading a book then I cannot read paragraphs between two sub-headings in one sitting. Similarly, if I’m 
solving questions, I cannot solve more than 1-2 questions in one sitting. And when watching lectures, if there are different topics covered at different points in time, I cannot watch it in one go. During my studies, I also tend to read sentences more than once if I’m reading anything and also replay 2-3 minutes of lecture every 10 minutes or so. I concluded this might be due to the following reasons: Whenever a new concept or term is introduced in the lecture or readings, I feel I didn’t get it properly and, this is common, I re-read or re-watch that segment. This is closely related to the previous point, I doubt myself that I haven’t understood something perfectly and have to re-read and re-watch the thing. Other times, it’s just I’m reading or watching but not paying much attention to comprehend it or my mind wanders off. Then again, I’ve to re-read or re-watch things. These things happen so frequently that they cause problems in my studies. I am easily distracted by everyday noises while study
ing. Noises like the ringing of a doorbell, someone talking in another room, someone listening to video in another room in moderate volume, etc. Due to all these factors, I often don’t want to study, feel frustrated, and if I continue despite all this, I take a very very long time to finish courses and books which is not ideal. I talked with my psychiatrist about this he says it’s only symptoms of schizophrenia and some OCD. But he doesn’t take into account my condition years before I was diagnosed with schizophrenia. I told him that these might be symptoms of ADHD but he disagrees. I wanted to consult some other psychiatrist but due to COVID-19 I’m not able to visit them physically right now. Any advice or a point towards right direction would be very helpful. Studying is very important for me to get a job because I don’t have a great support system for me and I love programming and data science and can never imagine not doing them. But due to above mentioned issues it takes too long to do anything 
that requires mental effort. I want to know whether I’m misdiagnosed and may have ADHD also. Have anyone of you have been feeling same way. To the community and moderators, please advice and if possible point me to the right direction as to how to tackle these symptoms and what can be done to remedy this. Thank you."
175998864,"Because my PTSD is flaring up again. It does every summer, because summer was when my first psychotic episode was. It is especially bad now that we live back where we used to live when it happened. I have been having nightmares again. Some flashbacks. It’s been really hard. I’ve been drinking excessively, eating unhealthily and been fixated on having a lot of sex and basically doing everything I can to keep the feelings repressed and to not have to deal with it. My brain keeps going back to that bedroom where I was so terrified and where I was hurt so badly. I know this flare up is temporary and it will pass. But it’s hard. It’s really hard. My poor boyfriend is so confused. I’m basically depressed whenever I leave him and it’s because I no longer have him to distract me and he also provides me with a feeling of safety. Maybe I will tell him about me soon. I dont know."
175998865,I have to write this all out its eating me alive. My ocd gets worse each time i have to get dressed. It started out a few years ago (this particular obsession not the ocd) but it was pretty mild. I had to alternate which half of my body i put clothing on or something bad will happen. It went away after a year or so. But as many of you know im definitely in psychosis and when that started a couple weeks ago i had the intrusive thought about getting dressed again. Usually ill imagine a hallucination i had a few years ago where my dog wa sburning alive i saw and heard it happen. Everytime i get dressed my rules and ritual gets more complicated and i have to get redressed more and more times. Today it was 8 times and after the 7th when i made a mistake i lost control and slapped the wall as hard as i could. I barely even felt the pain at first. Then when i got home from work i got undressed and fot so anxious i had another metldown and flapped my hands and pulled at my hair but i hopped in the shower an
d that helped. In general im really paranoid that someone is after me whether it be the gov or my professor or my mom idk.
174341351,"It’s where I got my schizophrenia. It was a nightmare, hard academically, and I ended up with no degree, debt, and no job prospects. I went to UC Berkeley and was a mathematics major. I am talking about it because I feel something happened to me. Unfortunately, I cannot tell anymore. I don’t remember much, but I blame them for what happened to me. I’m not sure if the school itself is to blame or the government. I always assumed I was in some sort of MK-Ultra–Monarch–Delta project to say the least. I have no evidence and nothing. I feel like it could have been a plethora of things even the Montauk Project. I have a lot of anger, hate, and blame. I am working on it. Sometimes, I feel scared and nervous talking about it, but I’m learning not to care and not to be afraid anymore. I try to find middle ground when I talk about it now. I know I went off-kilter last time I was here. I am feeling much better now. I sometimes think it was the military or the intelligence agencies or even the Illu
minati or extraterrestrials. I don’t know. I can’t get help or do anything to help myself. I know I will recover again as time progresses. I am doing better emotionally and am more stable. I am making strides in my recovery. I might never know or figure out what happened to me. I just know I’m really angry at UC Berkeley for allowing this to happen to me. I was scared to talk about it, but I believe in an afterlife so I’m not that afraid anymore. I’ve been thinking about online university, or a local cheap university. Maybe a cal-state or community college or even a private school. I don’t like research universities anymore, I prefer a school without ROTC-programs there, and I like being around my family. Sometimes, I think the ROTC program targeted me. I just took a PE class there, but I feel like I posted I was a time traveler (while high on facebook) or something and I was targeted. Maybe they experimented on me. My memories are not really reliable anymore. I’ve been seeing advanced craft fly
ing over my house a lot and even black helicopters. I don’t know why. I even felt like I was getting visits while I was sleeping. It’s hard to tell when one is schizophrenic and hallucinating – or so they say. Maybe school isn’t for me. I don’t know. Probably not. Life isn’t fair sometimes. I just know I love my family and they love me and we stick together."
175998866,I saw in another thread someone imported lumateperone in UK so I am curious
175998867,How many times until it goes through?
175998868,idk i just a feeling today out of the blue.
175998869,I’m a _PERSON_ deluded space cadet and my inflated ego protects me from the harsh truth. buzz1024×759 70.5 KB
175998870,You asked me to come but I decided to stay
175998871,"If this was attributed to Korean Confucian beliefs, it’s actually ok because you are following the lineage of your clan/people. And believe me, they are certainly not watching you in your private moments."
175998872,I just try to avoid everything that stresses me.
175998873,Well I got a call from CPS about bureaucracy nonsense right as I was about to head in the shower. So I was delayed
175998874,I believe I’m being followed etc too so I’m not much help. But I wanted to welcome you to the forum. I’m sure others will have great advice.
174341358,Oh wow. That’s a rarity. Sorry you went thru that
175998875,The _NAME_ know that I am under enough pressure with the farm so they decided to continue to give me a break. Either that or it’s my med increase. Or they know I have increased my meds and are playing a trick on me
175998876,"Happy cakeday _AT_MENTION_, glad to have you"
175998877,I keep dreaming I’m in school but there’s one class I never go to and I’m always worried I’m failing it.
175998878,"It’s not bad at all when I am sitting still, but just a small amount of activity leaves me winded. I might ask my caseworker to take me to the hospital on Monday. There would be no ambulance ride. I’ll wait and see how I feel tomorrow."
174341353,Do you call your voices people because they are real to you? Do they feel real?
175998879,"Yesterday I ate _NAME_, red cabbage or radicchio (I’m not sure exactly which it was), sweet potato salad with balsamic vinaigrette. So good. Also made brown rice, asparagus and lemon salad."
174341357,I take Invega sustenna 234 mg. It changed my life. I did get negatives from it and my pdoc added Abilify 10 mg a day. I feel much better with both.
175998880,I’ve been working full-time since the late nineties. Currently a full-time commercial insurance broker. Will celebrate four years at this employer in Jan of 2021.
175998881,Oh I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ Good thing you’re seeing the doctor soon
174341355,"I asked about it, he said it has the same side effects as Abilify. Rexulti and Abilify both have warnings about addictions by the FDA and Health Canada."
175998882,"I was off a AP for about 4 years, Took anxiety meds and Zoloft, I did fine without medication, but I wasn’t really making any progress in my social/individual life, So my pdoc wanted to try more AP options. The one I’m on now I kinda don’t want to stop because I’ve seen improvement, If I got off it my symptoms would probably magnify. Would take a good amount of time for my dopamine receptors to be stabilized and unblocked."
175998883,My problems are the same But sometimes seem bigger And sometimes seem smaller Like a distorted mirror.
175998884,"I thought pop stars were turning me to become a illuminati sorceror through music. Because my family has taught me how to be a shaman, they wanted to turn all people with “magic” into dark casters. I remember spending most of my week smudging the house and doing the ritual with the pipe to ward off evil spirits. I was so far gone lol."
175998885,I live alone. I probably agree with you.
175998886,"it wasn’t meds, honey, it was a sedative. I was all riled up and angry."
175998887,"If You Don’t Mind Me Asking, What is The Career You Are Seeking (???)… . …"
175998888,All medicine has some kind of risks but haldol has very safe than most of the aps at the market
175998889,"I hope you feel a little better today, i get those days where I hate myself and it took a while and a lot of thinking to come to conclusion we have to fight off ourselves everyday, if our mind (ourselves) is against us we have to befriend (again, ourselves) to battle it, what really helped me is right on a piece of paper all my values and virtues and reflect on them from time to time. It takes time and is a journey like many of our endeavors. I wish you good luck!"
175998890,i’m still at it. The dance style called Popping. I still dance with friends and practice at home all the time.
175998891,"I use CBD flower for my anxiety, works soooo well for me. I also have Ativan, just in case things get real bad. But I rarely use it."
175998892,Yeah I’m on Vraylar but also Invega. I think it’s either I have developed a tolerance to Invega or Vraylar caused my voices. I’m currently cutting out _PERSON_ to test if it’s that. I came back from the trip yesterday and the voices got louder. Could be stress about school starting soon.
175998893,"Location location location. Outside in the breeze, 1 or 2 out of 10. In the elevator 9 or 10 out of 10."
175998894,I think Np are better listeners imo than pdocs. Better bedside manner too.
175998895,That’s some really nice music. Glad it helps you
175998896,I think these meds turn some of us into hyperchondriac. I did as soon as I went on them
175998897,"Yes, too much stimuli really gets to me. Especially in big stores like Walmart. With a zillion people and florescent lighting everywhere also music playing. Calm and quiet is much preferred."
175998898,"while the hospital i ate 3 meals a day, it is true when you eatmore of the right foods it boosts the metabolism i lost 9 pounds in 5 days wow."
175998899,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175998900,You said I have no idea what I was talking about. You attacked me first. But as you wish.
175998901,"I love everybody! Just wanted to love everybody. I think everybody is significant on this site. Don’t hesitate to post on this thread to love everybody! Also I love my sister, my father, and my step-mother! You can post who you love as well!"
175998902,This number helped me through my last break up with a woman.
175998903,"Can’t be true, phase iii require more people than phase ii"
175998904,I realize lately that I am not liking myself. Maybe not as strong as self-hate. People who love me tell me to like myself more and I am going to try. In my opinion the source of my “self hate” is not other people. My explanation is a stage of life I must go through and I am taking some hits on my self-esteem. I can’t explain where those hits are coming from.
175998905,I know that Clozapine is packed with side effects because I was on it 25 years ago. But it works the best for people whom are not responding to most of the other antipsychotics.
175998906,"Athanasios, all my letters have you as subject/theme and you as sender and recipient. You indeed are everything"
175998907,im also on escitalopram10mg.
175998908,IMG_20190814_122648189_BURST000_COVER_TOP.jpg 3264×2448 1.85 MB
175998909,I just had coffee and will have a protein bar once I am hungry. I have been skipping breakfast for more than 2 months and I lost 15lb.
175998910,Yes I know I’m not going off them I just tapered down.
175998911,In what dose are you on _AT_MENTION_ ?
175998912,"I’ve done this sort of work before, volunteering as an assistant teacher for adult learners, and also teaching English & literature to high schoolers where half of my class were not native English speakers. My MA is in Teacher Leadership, and I’ve also taken a certification course and passed all certification exams (though cert. is not required for this job)."
175998913,"idk how i can avoid it, i am usually busy during the day, the only time i have is about 7-9pm and those are busy times"
175998914,"I won’t eat with other people, esp. family. I think I’m a cannibal."
175998915,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_. _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
175998916,"Hmm. . . I Wonder Sometimes _AT_MENTION_. Do You Think Some Individuals Post Professional Media On The Subject Of Mental Illness To Cause Negative Reactions. In Order To Be That Sad Individuals Savior (???). Sounds Strange I Agree. . . But!, What If (!?!). P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!."
175998917,It’s ridiculous. 666999
175998918,"Cleaning, kitchens, just look for part time Jobs."
175998919,Woke up late but well rested. Trimmed my hair and my beard and shaved my head. Took a cold shower and cleaned up. Put on some nice clothes and was smelling good. Drank some tea. Put gas in my car for $2.29/ gallon and found a good price. Listened to an audio program while driving to work. Went to work and did an 8 hour shift. Made an extra $20 at work.
175998920,"I’m planning on buying some film-making equipment. It’s mostly going to be cheap digital stuff, as I’m on a very low/tight budget. Anyone else interested in film-making? Or acting? Or anything involving film and digital video? Take care. -_NAME_"
175998921,"That’s two years, I bet. Be with us welcome."
175998922,"I’m thinking about my first psychiatrist. She was good but couldn’t handle me. Now that I am stable, she may be capable"
175998923,Yeah my voices say they are god and can kill me any time they want
175998924,At the suggestion of a dear friend I have put music on
175998925,"medicalxpress.com Researchers reversibly disable brain pathway in primates For the first time ever, neurophysiologists at KU Leuven, Harvard and the University of Kyoto have succeeded in reversibly disabling a connection between two areas in the brains of primates while they were performing cognitive tasks, or while their..."
175998926,"I want to discuss a few courses I took at my local university. The situation absolutely sunk my career and work situation. ECONOMICS: ECONOMICS 101: The professor just lectured about his life experiences and his work situation - his trips to Europe, the Great Depression, the American economy, etc. There was basically nothing to take down as notes. I had to rely completely on the textbook, and would answer word for word out of the textbook and get 6/10 for almost every question, while I understood the textboook perfectly!. My grade: C-. ECONOMETRICS: The class average on the midterm was in the D-range. Most people got below B-. Nonetheless, the professor ramped up the difficulty of the final exam, even shortening the amount of time people had to write. Also, it was department policy to not curve the grades. The professor also refused to follow the format of the textbook, using really difficult nomenclature and concepts not used in most of the prerequisite courses! My grade: D+. LAW AND ECONOMICS: It 
wasn’t clear what the tests were based on. There were lecture slides, notes on the board, and textbook material covering over 10 chapters for the midterm! I absolutely bombed the midterm. My grade: Volutnary Withdrawal. MATH/STATISTICS INTRODUCTION TO PROBABILITY. On the first midterm, I got well over 90%. Therefore, for the second midterm, I studied the exact same way. Guess what happened? The instructor made the second midterm infinitely harder than the first and changed the format without telling us. My grade on the second midterm dropped from 90% to 35%! My grade: C-. PHILOSOPHY RECENT AMERICAN PHILOSOPHY: The material was supposed to be about, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _NAME_ and the Pragmatists, but the professor changed the material to all feminist and racial philosophy. I wrote an essay about how women are not the same as men. Why? Because no two people are the same, even identical twins. HOWEVER, ethically and under the law EVERYONE deserves equal rights, because we cannot have double-standards for anyone. 
I got a D+! After receiving my grade, I watched a video on physical disabilities that had nothing to do with philosophy and never returned. My grade: Voluntary Withdrawal. Can you believe that? This was basically one or two semesters of coursework. Before this fiasco, my grades in both computer science and philosophy were straight A’s ! These grades basically sunk my transcript, and sunk my ability to go out there and work. I can complain to the school, but I just know that they won’t take care of it… I don’t know what to do… Does anyone have any advice?"
175998927,I use one too. It has made such a difference. I feel less concerned if I know if I did or didn’t miss a dose
175998928,Np I’m just saying the obvious I know you already know . Just making conversation lol best of luck you can do it
175998929,You look skinny anyway.
175998930,Can you describe to me what psychosis is like?
175998931,Yes I feel bad bcz I used to work.
175998932,"For about a year after the onset of my psychosis, things were pretty iffy and I expected them to never improve. I’m happy to say that they did in time and I’m doing much better now. I’ll probably never be back to my pre-psychosis self but perhaps that’s for the best; I feel much wiser now."
175998933,how r u doing now?
175998934,_AT_MENTION_ 's a senior. Its hard not to reminisce at her age.
175998935,Cbt is alll about changing your thinking patterns so that you’re less stressed. Stress is a trigger for psychosis. So it is very useful if you are open and comfortable with the therapist.
175998936,Yeah but a really low dose (100mg now)
174341367,"At least you understand why I’m mad. Please don’t kill yourself, please don’t think about killing yourself because you have lost size. Beyond dick stretching weight training there are other valuable sources of solace so just remember that I tried to show you what they are potentially maybe one or a combination of those things will also help."
175998937,Thanks for the replies guys. Day 3 was a long one today but I got through it.
175998938,Do you have the doctors approval?
175998939,There is something enticing about giving up all responsibilities and letting the crazy out. I don’t know why I want to suffer
175998940,"Lovely, _AT_MENTION_ !"
175998941,"When I was a baby, I refused to eat. The doctor literally beat me up. I was starting to dehydrate. That means some of us are beaten into living. Crying hurt when I was parched. Talking never did come well for me."
175998942,"Took to much, flooded my brain, not worth it."
175998943,Im ok with friday the 13th… its usually thursday the 12th when something bad happens to me…
175998944,"wow what did you do to her, she like nail you. and you only. sorry this world is cold."
175998945,I think its a cognitive symptom of psychosis.
174341366,"I just take 1. I rather have a some symptoms and be able to enjoy life. Not even sure I need meds anymore. I need to grow up and stop listening to doctors and my family. They have no clue about my condition. A few people told me if I quit the energy drinks, I might not even need the meds. (my dad told me that before). Now he thinks otherwise. He says I’m very sick and have schizophrenia. I think 2015 was when things changed and I went full paranoid schizophrenia at the hospital. Then in 2016 I got 5250’d from seeing UFOs. Anyways, I digress."
175998946,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175998947,How can I “enjoy” my divorce?? Do you think it’s easy to hurt him?? I may be happier with my decision to leave him but I’m also sad that I’m leaving him because I love him. Its just that I can’t anymore. I’m risking my own sanity and safety.
175998948,"I’m so sorry you’re tired. I hope you can get some rest. It’s just that some of these kinds of “tired” rest doesn’t help. I hope that’s not the case with you. Sometimes we have to do more than rest. Sometimes we have to recharge our spirit. There’s a healing that needs to take place on a deeper level. It’s like being dehydrated. Sometimes you feel like you need Gatorade not just water. Well sometimes you need to rest your spirit not just your body. Maybe some stretching exercises, maybe some chicken soup, maybe to curl up with a good book, maybe some time pampering yourself whatever fills you back up more than sleep. I don’t know, just a thought."
175998949,"Google ‘imposter syndrome’. It’s a bit different from what you describe but might be worth thinking about anyway. en.wikipedia.org Impostor syndrome Impostor syndrome (also known as impostor phenomenon, impostorism, fraud syndrome or the impostor experience) is a psychological pattern in which an individual doubts their accomplishments or talents and has a persistent internalized fear of being exposed as a ""fraud"". Despite external evidence of their competence, those experiencing this phenomenon remain convinced that they are frauds, and do not deserve all they have achieved. Individuals with impostorism incorrectly attribute their success Im..."
174341371,I’m glad to see a fellow schizophrenic member doing something so productive and amazing like calligraphy.
175998950,Didnt feel good. Talked to myself. Im gonna talk to my pdoc after i quit.
175998951,Maybe you can go on FML (family medical leave) until you get your head straight. It’s a law. Your job can’t fire you if you temporarily have to leave due to medical issues as long as your claim is legit.
175998952,I said that I don’t work or go to school. But I do take private lessons in piano and Spanish.
175998953,I feel too sped up on this medication. Like I have no patience what so ever and am impulsive. Anyone else felt or feels this way on it. But what I find odd is that it slows me down in other ways. It’s a really odd medication to be on.
175998954,My level of physical energy is so low I can’t get out of the house.
175998955,USER_SCOPED_TEMP_DATA_MSGR_PHOTO_FOR_UPLOAD__PHONE_NO_.jpeg 1080×1920 270 KB
175998956,Do you get shots because you wanted that over pills or is it more of a non-compliance thing (if you don’t mind me asking) I contemplated asking about risperdal consta but don’t want to be unable to sit down for a few days afterwards.
174341372,"_AT_MENTION_, or can’t you tell?"
175998957,"I’m glad you can walk three miles. You have to watch overdoing it though, from my own experience."
175998958,Thank you Om :))))
174341370,Rexulti. It’s super new i guess. Like a newer version of abilify. Seems to be working good!
175998959,It’s laughable that YOU would call anyone out for having a low IQ.
175998960,"If you don’t get born with sz and you still get sz, then it is not possible to be predisposed…because it is genetic."
175998961,"I’m not debating against that ideally we should all take a vaccine that can protect us and save other peoples lives. I’m simply making a argument that some vaccines have caused chronic diseases in some of the subjects that have taken it, and since the corona vaccine has not been properly tested we know nothing about long term effects. I would hate to take a vaccine and get some weird chronic disease for life, like I’m sure others would as well. That’s why I won’t be first in line to take it."
175998962,"Oh, you live in Ghana? My uncle is from there! He moved here in like 2002. He convinced teenage me to always cheer for the Ghana soccer team."
174341373,I’ma bump this Post the video for credibility
175998963,Please reach out. It doesn’t have to be the way to go. Life is meant to be worth something. Yours is too. All the best. You matter.
175998964,Thanks _USER_ID_ off it since new years day I am much better without it and started new diet and exercising 17 days ago
175998965,"Idk if this is the shitty part for you or the best part. But either way, im sorry about how i act. I didnt know."
174341376,"They looked at a specific kind of neural activity in SZ-like mice, and found that D-cycloserine and sarcosine didn’t change that measure. That doesn’t necessarily mean that it doesn’t help people or that it doesn’t have a different mechanism.They used an anti-NRG1 antibody to induce SZ-like symptoms in the mice. People might have all kinds of different things going on. The actual trials in people have varied - some finding it helpful, some not. It’s always possible it helps some people and not others. It is also possible that it doesn’t help and that improvements found in the smaller studies were just random variation. But this doesn’t really tell us."
175998966,20mg is a good dose. Maybe it just takes a long while to build up in your system to work.
175998967,I don’t think your pdoc did that for no reason.
175998968,"As long as I stay away from people, or at least away from people I don’t know or see very often, I am safe. I usually don’t get paranoid. If I stay at home by myself, I am safe. But, put me around strangers, or people I know, but don’t see very often, except maybe once or twice a year, I get very paranoid around them. I’m comfortable around people I know very well. The problem is that I don’t know very many people. I only know people who are paid to see me. It seems I was destined to be alone all the time. Like the famous sz psychiatrist _PERSON_ said, “Severe MI is when the only people who visit you are people who are paid to visit you”."
175998969,you seen a pdoc there? could they help you?
175998970,"But ain’t gonna. I had my teeth cleaned last week. There were a dozen things wrong. My dentist says it’s the worst check up I ever had and I’be been seeing him since I was 12 years old. He says the problem was my mouth I gets dry from my medication and causes decay… That’s got me depressed. I gotta lose weight too. I just feel down when actually, I got a lot to be happy about. Damn old ladies next door won’t leave me alone and when I get mad they go crying to the counselor that I’m being mean. But hey, I just got WiFi installed and I got a brand new $800 iphone12 for $170. I signed up with AT&T for $65 for both. I was paying double that for a year… And when the guy was setting up my phone he made a mistake and he was in my apartment for four hours because he made a mistake. So I didn’t have phone service for three days. I went to the AT&T store and the kid there fixed the problem in 5 minutes. I was really happy but now the high is wearing off. I hate my stupid neighbors, they’r
e rotten human beings. I mean really rotten, in reality. Can’t do a thing about it though."
175998971,in some people it lasts years very difficult to get rid of…the cream helps though
175998972,"He could not leave well enough alone. He was a perfectionist demander and worked by maneuvering his clients into returning forever. He didn’t soothe suicidal, he aggravated it."
175998973,"I don’t recall your diagnosis, my good friend _NAME_ is on Geodon for Bipolar. Hope you get it settled."
175998974,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ , Thats the way my life should end. Just cease to exist, fine, the end. But it just not that way!"
175998975,It’s too soon to go back to work _AT_MENTION_ You just came out of the hospital. Take things slow for a while.
175998976,You don’t want to be stuck without these meds even for one day.
175998977,"I ate my meds, they are mentally healthy ha."
175998978,Oh dear. I didn’t realize food sex posed such a danger. And here I thought my doctor said to get more veggies into my system. Whoops.
175998979,"I get akathisia if I’ve been overly stressed. Usually at night or early morning. I just go through it until it abides, usually 30 mins to an hour."
175998980,Can you take what you want to binge on and just eat half?
175998981,"I have really bad OCD and feel that if I don’t complete certain rituals something will happen to my dogs or family. I haven’t been able to do those rituals in three days because of the move. It’s hard to shake the feeling that something will happen, But it’s just a thought. I use some CBT techniques to help me with that sort of stuff. Do you see a therapist?"
175998982,Do what you need to do to take care of yourself. Sometimes we need a break from helping others so we can get better ourselves.
175998983,I am thinking about buying some bacon for breakfast tomorrow. But I am not sure how much it will cost. I am returning a purse because I don’t like it and I will have at least 7 dollars to spend. My friend doesn’t like me to eat bacon so I have to spend my own money lol.
175998984,I’ve been on Invega for 5 years. Not noticed any side effects. I have gained weight but put that down to excessive alcohol and takeaways. I have lost weight on Invega at the beginning of taking it.
175998985,yeah! good choice.
175998986,Sorry this happens to you _AT_MENTION_ !
175998987,"Welcome Rose! I’m _PERSON_. Glad to have you here! Just introducing yourself is a great step in talking more about the illnesses we share. If your goal is to be more open, you did well today. Good to have another friendly person around!"
175998988,I guess I can do that eventhough the therapist will be there.
175998989,"Well in no psydoc, but in my country SZ people who were or are on haldol are recommended to switch to risperidone of quetiapine. Risperidone injection is not sedating, but if you are having issues with energy then quetiapine might not be a good option"
175998990,Looks good. I like it.
175998991,"I’ve mastered, to the best of my own personal ability anyway, the pieces, Chrysanthemum by _NAME_, and Peer Gynt Suite by _PERSON_. I’m going to perform them both for my instructor tomorrow, if he comes. He has a dental appointment in the morning and my lesson is at noon so, he might not make it. We have to wait and see. Oh please pray that he comes. I am so ready to perform these!"
175998992,Thrice here. 1_PHONE_NO_
175998993,I have to prep dinner in a few hours and thats about it really. Right now Im just hanging out with my cats on the couch. I might watch a show soon.
174341381,"I’ve been taking T-theanine for 8 days. I have noticed considerable benefits. I take 150mg in the morning before work & it helps me to feel more patient, clear headed & physically energetic thru my work shifts. I can cope with irritating customers better, with more patience. I take 300mg before bed & it helps me to get to sleep and to sleep more soundly thru the night. This is proving to be a very helpful supplement for me. Thanks to this forum for introducing me to it"
175998994,Somewhat feel abnormal feel unstable Compensate that by drinking soda and this is … I am drinking the 2nd litre of soda I also took multi vitamin injection my weekly injection This is prescriped by me i see it useful for my case feel good after taking it
175998995,I think I eat compulsively sometimes
175998996,Can you just go outside in your yard? Or open a window and get the sun on your face?
175998997,"Who else has this symptom? I am like this since a teenager tbh … Its very hard… I can handle all the rest, but when I feel this heaviness in all my body, I also cant think well then, I start to drag my feet and just feel badly emotionally and in my body… Its way too much, cause I have just to lay down… I also guess, that maybe the psychosis is consuming me in the day… I am not recovered on my thinking and emotionally, but I am patient now… I am just scared of this lowering of my energy, cause I don’t find that the aps are good for this… I cant take ads, they raise my paranoia… But why is this happening? Its very somatic too, yeap… Please share if you can. I hope just, that this will pass one day…"
175998998,"Yes. Sz makes us feel guilty and inadequate. Partly because of the _USER_ID_, partly due to unmet expectations we previously had for our own lives. Takes time to find peace and build up inner strength. And relapses don’t help. Meds are made to prevent them."
175998999,You can officially certify your dog as a Emotional Support Animal(ESA). It means the same as service animals. I think all you need is a certified letter from an official like doctors or parol officers to get one. You can take them anywhere on planes and shopping etc. My friend had one… with her dog They can help you stay grounded with their care and it’s responsibilities
175999001,good luck with the supplement
175999002,"I think the secret to the way the universe works lies in particle physics. There is a certain probability a particle will be in a given location. HOWEVER, there is a probability that a particle will be in a location not classically possible. Such a notion is clearly demonstrated by Beta radiation, wherein a positron or electron is ejected from the nucleus of an atom, and the nucleon turns into a from a proton to a neutron or vice versa. The energy barrier is so high that it should not be possible but it happens. The reason that it occurs is that the electron “tunnels” through the energy barrier to the outside of said barrier, following _PERSON_’s Wave Equation. This extends to all particles; there is a certain probability that all the molecules in your body could be spontaneously “teleported” to another location in the universe, though the probability of this occurring is infinitesimal. If we can harness the quantum nature of the universe through, say quantum computers, we can essentially 
create a simulation of all these probabilistic occurrences by using quantum particles to act as binary switches in terms of their quantum spin, which cannot be deterministically known. If we do ever harness this power, it is unlikely that we are not in a simulation, because, odds are, we have created a simulation within a simulation that was discovered by a being in a universe that encompasses our own . These beings would be, in a sense, deities, because they have created everything we have ever known. And we would be the deities of a universe we have created, because we control the simulation. Although, the deities that created us and us ourselves, if we were able to create such a simulation, would not be all-powerful. We still would not be able to control the quantum probability that we are harnessing and, thus, would only be able to establish the initial conditions of the universe. Something to think about. I think I am beginning to understand."
175999003,@anon_PHONE_NO_ Wow! So helpful! I don’t usually use ginger to cook with. I’ll add that to the list of things to.discuss with the nutritionist. I’ll also do a quick search on cooking with fresh ginger. Thanks so much! This helps more than you know!
175999004,Must be nice to not know
175999005,Seems maybe you have some word salad going on. Unless ninja cancer and butt flotation mean something special…
175999006,"I am not a doctor. I am not a researcher. I do not work for a university. What I have said is already out there and done by professional researchers at universities. I have just pointed out the conclusion that should be drawn from other’s research, which is plainly that EGLN genes should be a key area of research in psychosis and EGLN inhibition should be considered by researchers as a treatment target in psychosis where indications of anemia are present. If you want to check the locations of EGLN1 and EGLN3 in relation to NPAS3 and DISC1, type the name of these genes into GeneCards. You can look manually or click the link for Genomic Neighhourhood. If you want to check DISC1 and NPAS3 are the locations of translocation/mutations that segregate with familial schizopnrenia, type the names of the genes into Google with the words, ‘Pubmed and schizopnrenia’. Though DISC1 is an acronym for Disrupted In Schizopnrenia 1 which should make it fairly obvious. The infomartion about MIR190a, its binding 
site in EGLN3 and how it targets the MARFAN gene, can be found on PUBMED at primary sources of research. The links to Parkinson’s genes of EGLN3/PKM2 is findable in the same way by looking in PUBMED at primary sources of research. The link between EGLN3 and PKM3 can be found int he same way - they cooperate to activate HIF1a. What is and is not an EGLN inhibitor can be found in the same way on Pubmed, though it is not relevant in that the point is to trial EGLN inhibitors in psychosis where indications of anemia are present should take place. To check what I say about HIF1a target genes being linked to schizopnrenia, all you need to do is find a list of HIF1a targets and type them into Google as a pubmed search with the word schizopnrenia. I found a paper that listed 219 predicted targets of HIF1a and I did this. The rest is also based on primary research and is so widely accepted as to not need confirming, but it can be checked against primary research in the same way."
174341378,"So, I’m almost 20 but due to my severe depression, anxiety, and of course, schizophrenia, I’ve never felt capable of working a job. That being said, I’ve recently started therapy, started taking the maximum dose of Latuda, and started a new anxiety medicine, and with all these things in combination I feel like sometime soon I may be capable of working a very part time job. The job I’m considering right now is at my local library. It’s only 15 hours over the course of three days a week and It’s to be a library page, which essentially means you’re one of the people who organize the stacks, put labels on new books, and take care of returning books to their shelves after people return them. It sounds like a simple enough job, and the requirements are perfect. All you needs to know is how to organize things in alphabetical order and how to use a computer system, and even teenagers are allowed to apply. The only issue I have is actually applying. I’m trying to apply on Indeed, and the job 
requires a resume. Because I’ve never had a job, I have no resume created, and I have no idea where to start with one. I never finished high school, so I don’t even so much as have a GED to impress them with. On top of that, I don’t have any special skills like speaking a second language to offer. Because of my multiple illnesses, I may be liable to need some accommodations for my mental health, and I don’t know how I can make myself sound like a valuable enough employee to make taking on a mentally ill person worth it. Do any of you more experienced people have any advice? I’m absolutely clueless."
174341382,"Have you asked yourself why you want to believe this is real? I think a major part of you knows it’s not possible or real, but another part of you really wants to believe these delusions. I’m sure you’ve read that this is a common delusion among people with schizophrenia. I read a story about someone that believed this to their core and the doctor thought maybe by getting an X-ray it would stop the paranoia. Of course there was nothing there, but the person went on to say that the doctor removed it before the X-ray somehow and then planted several new ones even though he was awake and coherent the whole time. His family had to pay out of pocket because insurance wouldn’t approve such an unnecessary medical procedure"
175999007,If you want to use something pure cocoa butter is supposed to be good but has no antiseptic properties. Otherwise one that is specifically geared towards tattoos would be a better choice
175999008,This is not an easy day to find 3 but here goes Slept too much but at least I got sleep Made a good supper for the kids and they loved it Watched my football game even though we lost all good
175999009,I think there would still be fist fights. Its not like you’d be attracted to them all just because you are bi.
175999010,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175999011,I understand. That’s a good conversation to have with your doctor.
175999012,"Hey, so glad you are doing better!"
175999013,"I’m still on risperdal, but I’m also on Vraylar; I’m switching off of risperdal because of weight gain. So I haven’t noticed anything quite yet, except for weight loss."
175999014,Megatron gives us the announcement that the Decepticons will be arriving to earth soon. After that …
175999015,18 months roughly.
175999016,good job on quitting =) wow =O good job on that!
175999017,"I found your thread! I likewise pray. I hallucinate much less frequently now. At times my delusions and anxiety lessen. More often the Lord provides me the strength or grace to endure them - a friend shows me reality, I fall asleep, I receive support from the forum. Meds help some. Community helps most."
175999018,how was your cognition on 200mg of lamictal?
175999019,Where is this hit list? Is it online? Can we see it?
175999020,"Ok, plants arrived, it’s almost finished I think. Still a little cloudiness in the water, waiting for the turbulated soil to settle 1920×1080 187 KB Hopefully the plants take root and grow more"
175999021,Yes exactly! Thanks _AT_MENTION_
174341384,"From Google: How effective are antipsychotics for schizophrenia? Individuals treated with antipsychotics were twice as likely to respond to treatment as those treated with placebo: 51% and 23% on antipsychotics had a “minimal” or “good” response to treatment, versus 23% and 14% on placebo; medications better, but not as good as one would like. Have you tried Yoga Nidra? Could be something to try."
175999022,You can earn money in the lower leagues of basketball aswell. Not all doctors are geniuses. Some maybe earn alot. And its peoples decision who they want to be in their lifes . And wbat passions they have
175999023,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I’ll do my best.
174341391,"I was on 20mg and got it really bad. _PERSON_ like I was living in purgatory. _PERSON_ like I was anxious and had to do something all the time, but I couldn’t focus on anything. I told my pdoc (resident) and they wanted to raise the dose haha. I ended up switching to latuda after 3 weeks of abilify. Latuda isn’t perfect but it was way better than Abilify. Some people do very well on it though."
175999024,A dancing _PERSON_.
175999025,my dr wrote a 10 day supply as well then bump to 3mg
175999026,"Sounds like some friend, but I don’t think he wanted to poison you. It’s delusional."
175999027,I usually went for smoothies if I wanted more fruit and vegetables since smoothies don’t bother my texture issues.
175999028,Traveling down to Alabama for Thanksgiving; hunger called so I got a small veggie platter at a grocery store. It was almost on instinct that I got it. I’m going to try to eat the whole thing before we arrive at our destination.
175999029,At Aldi bacon starts at 2 dollars something here and up… other stores it’s 4-5
175999030,"Same here. I got bad delusions of grandeur. I think i am a genius, when im really not. Im not successful either. A schizophrenic like me especially if one is a genius should work. Its not a death sentence anymore. Most of my perceptions of the world are off and i have imagined trauma i guess. It does feel real at times though. My therapist told me to journal for homework. I wonder if this forum counts…she said hand written notes though. So i guess not. I also have to excercise and come up with two short term realistic goals. One of them is to work part time through dor."
174341387,It depends on severity. I read that only 20% of schizophrenics have negative symptoms.
174341390,"Welcome to the forum, _AT_MENTION_ ! I currently work full-time and I have for most of my illness. My illness has gotten to a point where I need to work part-time, though, and I’m about to go part-time next week. Do you work, _NAME_?"
175999031,"DO NOT MIX ANTIDEPRESSANTS. They can interact to cause serotonin syndrome, which is fatal. Call your doctor."
175999032,Well done to you. It does get easier and a bit addictive at least for me but it’s so worth it health wise. Kudos on the exercise.
175999033,"The Chinese government is corrupt. They’ve got people in jail for speaking out against the government. They also kill healthy citizens to sell their organs. _AT_MENTION_ knows more about it than I do. Plus there is no freedom of religion. amnesty.org Everything you need to know about human rights in China Every year, Amnesty International evaluates the human rights situation in countries around the world. Stay up to date and learn about key human rights issues in China."
175999034,I had it with 2 aps. Went away after downgrading to 1.
175999035,"I want to invest in stock. Would you recommend pork bellies, orange juice futures or something else?"
175999036,I also notice a semi correlation between this website and other information I post and being harassed I guess. I’m hyper aware. Feels like aliens.
175999037,I’m sorry to hear that. Sincere condolences.
175999038,I feel the same way. People get to die and I don’t. I’m so tired of life
175999039,Please tell me how its unclear?
175999040,I waited and waited and waited and waited for Armadegon. Nothing happened…
174341388,"Next time setup a daily alarm on your cellphone to never forget your dose. Its a trick my psychiatrist gave me because I used to forget to take my meds only to end up brought to a hospital by cops. Last time 2 police cars came to my house, my parents called 911, I was aggressive and yelling nonsense with my eyes closed. When I woke up I was surrounded by four cops who calmed me down. I have never missed a dose or got hospitalized since then, 2016."
175999041,Yeah that was 4 years ago when I went bonkers and was sent to a psych hospital twice for 5 weeks.
175999042,"236872AB-F142-4BA6-BDCE-2532C584E285.jpeg 3024×4032 2.69 MB BE2767BE-F81C-4CD6-A609-D25A631DCBB9.jpeg 3024×4032 2.48 MB B10F685F-14AC-43B9-A2CE-0868377515CA.jpeg 4032×3024 1.84 MB 694F46C0-7D9C-4EFD-A0E2-06E0F284162B.jpeg 4032×3024 1.58 MB Here are photos I took from the art museum today. Some are by kids, who are shockingly talented!! I’m thinking of doing some drawing and painting again. I used to like doing charcoal portraits, so I’ll start with that. It’s part of what I’m learning in day treatment. They are talking about liking yourself and finding your worth, and maybe I can do that through art. My brain is not as good as before, and I keep thinking going back to work will solve all my problems, but maybe there are other things I can work on right now to improve my life."
175999043,"I did try to. Thanks for replying, im sure I’ll cheer up"
175999044,I get it. Love is a verb not a feeling. That’s kinda what the good book says anyway. I’ve read it from cover to cover.
174341389,"You’re not disabled if you don’t have severe positive and/or negative symptoms. I have both severe and stay in bed all day everyday, only get up to eat."
175999045,I take ability 15mgs and I’m wondering if 15mgs would be enough to stabilize my moods in conjunction with meditation.
175999046,no i mean complex delusions simple delusion would be “parents are going to kill me” for example (one of my past delusions)
175999047,Haha nice one _AT_MENTION_ I’m gonna go with modern medicine idk if that’s too wide
175999048,Hmm you are probably right. Sorry for being mistaken
175999049,Gnight 7j7juhuf5fftt
174341394,"Medications tend to be trial and error for all who start on them. Some work wonderfully for some people and do absolutely nothing for others. Like _AT_MENTION_ stated, the older antipsychotics tended to cause the majority of side effects, and new medications have less. But which one will work for you needs to be discussed with your pdoc. Personally, i take Venlafaxine (for Major Depression), Ziprasidone (Schizophrenia) and Clozapine (Schizophrenia). This combination has been very good for me."
175999050,That’s the thing - I don’t want to change my lifestyle that much of. But if I would - I could save hell-loads of money and health.
175999051,I would love to but don’t have skills to go self employed however I applied for a peer support role so I hope somrhing comes of that… maybe the place will feel more welcoming cos they practically want someone with an illness
175999052,"I find it absoloutly disgusting as well, but my own farts that’s another thing entirely. Il happily spend a Friday night basking in the ambience of my own farts. Il put my legs behind my head and waff the smell into my nose"
175999053,"It is hard to see if the lower dose would work, I want to lower Invega 117 to 78mg and see if it works, the results are only visible after three months, unlike for a pill that the effects would change in a week or two."
175999054,"Can you practice potential conversations in the mirror? I used to do that when I was younger. I would basically talk to myself, out loud, in the mirror to boost my confidence, It really worked."
175999055,Because I had not identified my own weaknesses. Know thyself.
175999056,Okie dokey. My therapist told me similar to stop being hard on myself. Alrighty!
175999057,Before i started having sleep problems a month ago i was still having symptoms. But now i feel normal. It’s weird because i heard voices every day for over a year. Now i can’t hear them.
175999058,"I get impulsive too, but not sure if its the meds causing it or my illness."
175999059,I’m cooking! Got lots to do.
175999060,The max Abilify dose I was on was 25mg. 25mg for a few years and 20mg for a few years. 15mg was too low.
175999061,"Hmm. With All Thus Silence, In Thus Thread. Even After The Great, Fun, Hopeful, Inspiring Trust Tests. It Is Getting Dark. Maybe Even Darker, (Although Seemingly Impossible), Darker Than _NAME_s Album, ‘White Chalk’. How Could That Be True, You May Be Wondering Dear Reader. Well. Lemme Try To Explain. ‘White Chalk’ Is Made (By) A Gorgeously Beautiful, Dedicated Creative Artist Of Sacredness. And Even Though That Album Speaks About Some Hopelessly Sad Thing’s. In Each And Every Hopelessly Sad Song. Lurking Within Even, (Much Like The Witch Trials), Even In That Slight Troublesome Function. There’s A Thread Of Light Peering Through The Metaphorical Clouds. And Here, There Is No Light Whatsoever. Jus Me, Having To Defend My Hopeful Words Of Strengthened Encouragement. To Build Each And Every Lost, Weary Personal Circuit Of Energy As Mountains, To Be Reckoned With If Anyone Pushes Them Into A Corner Of Self Defense. Much Like You Have Witnessed Here. But!, I’m Wandering. No Harm No Foul. 
So. All Is Well. Man…, It’s…, So…, Quiet In Here… Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic)"
175999062,"Yes, mine too. I still brace myself, expecting hell to break loose, when i tell people no. I still find it incredibly scary and expect to have to fight a war when i set a boundary or say i disagree. But people outside the family seem to take it better and im getting used to it."
175999063,"So I bought this digital pressure cooker a while ago. Today I will be making godly tasting soup. Best thing is that I can make almost any dish I desire, and it keeps all the flavours inside. I highly recommended getting one for yourself and your family, the best known brand currently is “Instantpot” Youtube “Instantpot YourFood” and you good to go. u__PHONE_NO_.jpg 1000×887 86.4 KB"
175999064,Qget an emergency appointment with pdoc and get meds asap.
175999065,maybe your meds starting to work?
175999066,My mother just went to test for covid but I think its flu as she doesn’t have a fever.
175999067,I like Mr. _PERSON_’s picture with the nut. _PERSON_.
175999068,"You should still qualify for disability insurance. It isn’t benefits,it is using a service that you have already paid for."
175999069,"I am struggling with emotions over my decision to divorce my husband Today I missed him for second time in a month. Miss his companionship and love. Wrote pros and cons list again but cons still outweigh pros by three to one. Too much at stake going back. But I’m in emotional mess now and incapable of decision making. Tried to cut several times today on wrists. Thought of suicide a lot. Planned it in back of my mind. Cut deeper each time…and so on But anyways - just want to hear from any of you who are divorced - how did you cope with it? And how did you get to a better place? What can I do to cope better? Right now I feel like hospital material but trying to keep my head above water. Need someone to talk to, who knows what its like If I remember correctly you guys are divorced - _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Any advice will be appreciated. I’m a real mess"
174341395,I just found that I have Schizoaffective disorder after awhile of have just schizophrenia they have found out that i’m struggling with. My question is how does you illness affect you ?? What’s the treatment you have had
175999070,Voices are telling me that iam the weakest being does any one else have this?
175999071,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ It is a terrible thing…and speaking of this, a murder happened last week. And the victim was disabled. As a physically disabled person, this makes me extremely scared. I rely on help of others most days. _AT_MENTION_ I’m not really good at drawing people, but I can try to draw something else if you’d like"
175999072,I see. I personally think that someone should’ve checked what websites I’m on at age 9-12 because I was googling bad stuff for a 9yo… but no one did until I got in trouble at school bc of my internet use at age 11
175999073,It worked well for me but I have a habit of skipping and forgetting my meds though so those are some reasons why she put me on injections.
174341398,"We’re all animals just bumping into each other trying to get food, nothing’s really your fault. Process it like a dog does, feel guilty for 5 minutes then forget about it. I have a lot of problems but guilt is never one of them, I’m schizophrenic, I get a pass."
175999074,I know Psychosis can cause brain damage but I’m still not clear whether or not Ap’s cause brain damage/brain shrinkage. Some people seem certain they do while others do not believe so. I even see conflicting articles on the internet. Does anyone know the answer to this question or is it still up for debate?
175999075,"I wonder what that purpose of life would even look like should it exist. What’s interesting, of course, is that by “purpose in life” we almost invariably mean the purpose of human life. This is already something of a giveaway."
175999076,"Dear _AT_MENTION_ , i started to ignore my anxiety and paranoia too since a time. At least i try could just ignoring really help in long term? But i guess that raging against this and getting desperate was worse… So am bit stuck with my fears. But i went numb too, so maybe focusing on smth else than the anxiety is always better? Take care"
175999077,I’ve had four of those things before and I am 37 now. That stuff you drink isn’t that crazy salty icky tasting stuff they used to give you. My last one three years ago went much better. That liquid stuff was tolerable. Oh and I had to tell them to dope me up more mid procedure bc I felt too much. Best wishes _NAME_.
175999078,"Yes, interesting. I’m not gay in any way. Never been. In some pictures, I look terrible but in some pictures, I look beautiful. So sometimes some guys see my picture and send me messages but then when they see me from different angles and without makeup, they run away. Not that anybody is looking but my face and body changed a lot after 30."
175999079,"I did study psychology, neuroscience, physiology, biology and pathophysiology. Positive, negative and cognitive symptoms are different and have different brain mechanisms but improvement in one slightly improves the other. I wonder if we need 3 pills to treat SZ, one for each set of symptoms."
175999080,no I don’t hoard…unless my instruments count…nah…i don’t hoard…
174341401,Hopefully your friend found peace.
175999081,"_PERSON_ and Clannad, in a life time."
175999082,_AT_MENTION_ I’m so proud of you! You were assertive and confident! Did she tell you why she took them?
175999083,my dads pastor told him that I had symptoms of bipolar. so that helped a bit. atleast the pastor had knowledge of mental illness.
175999084,I had an appointment today and have another on monday.
175999085,I admire you for this.
175999086,I feel physically weak when I’m called to eat and don’t want to.
175999087,"if you are doped up to the eyeballs then you can look very gaunt and placid, tired eyes"
175999088,I won’t I was just asking
175999089,thank you. now i feel less made fun of. beautiful saying. _NAME_
175999090,Sounds peaceful
175999091,Yup I’m trying my hand at crochet and trying to making a bear unsucessfully
175999092,"I was, but didn’t realize you already told your pdoc. Sorry! I should have read the thread."
175999093,"hi butterflyy, As a person of limited faith i try my best and it does help, it keeps me focused/motivated and gives me purpose in my life and direction and its nice to feel loved and special in that way (as a Christian) it also helped me with my grief when my dad and my ex gf died, without that support i would have been at the mercy of that grief, i am much better for it _AT_MENTION_ i hear what you are saying but it can happen, someone can have a brief psychotic break and completely recover, i try and trust the doctors, maybe more time is needed in this case but it is better to get treatment quickly for a better outcome."
175999094,"You can’t negotiate with them because the things they want you to do usually harm you, or is something you simply can’t do. The only negotiating tool I have are the meds, and a learned indifference. I played with them for a long time but now play time is over and I have nothing to show for it other than wasted time. That may not be so wonderful but some things in life aren’t. Just like countries fall apart so can minds. I know from experience is all you want them to do is stop talking. Well they can’t. They are a part of your mind that is outside your direct conscious control because they have gone haywire. They can’t stop even if they want to. If drugs don’t work stay as busy as you can. There are no easy answers."
175999095,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !
175999096,"The Moon Falls Under The Clarity Of Purpose…, It Is, Sometimes Isn’t Sometimes…, Enough."
175999097,It’s more than just a hat rack my friend.
175999098,"Its not bad since she’s your mother. I used to drive my friend around bcz he never had a car and dont have a driving license. He’s 30, its weird. I felt that he was taking advantage of me. Now I dont hangout with any friend, I stay home."
175999099,I mostly moved because of bullying and discrimination. After I returned from UK I started to see many more flaws
174341403,You’re on a forum for people with psychosis and schizophrenia.
175999100,Im in the UK. I get £6000 a year. Its not enough to live off. I can just about pay my parents a small amount of rent and do most of what I want to do with that money. But its no where enough to cover living on my own. I do get free prescriptions. I used to get free local transport but the tories saw the end to that. There’s another benefit I’ve tried to sign up for (PIP) but I’ve been rejected twice and have put off trying for a third time for a long while. I was hoping we’d get a labour government that would amend the decision making process but alas - it’s not to be.
175999101,"It’s always nice to get some recognition. Management seems to never hand out enough of it, while eternally being able to bestow criticism upon its workers. Good to hear!"
174341399,Hello this is a good place to talk with fellow schizophrenic
175999102,"It’s also a give and take relationship too. It takes two to tango lol. I never had the courage of asking a girl out due to fear. I rarely message women online if at all. Hence, no luck here. I am terrible with my wordrobe and struggle to wear nice clothes. Other than that, I’m pretty normal and fine. I always had this thing where I had to follow XYZ steps and so forth. I had to get a job, make money, and then everything falls into place from there. None of that happened so I got left behind. I got screwed. I’ve never had the luxury of a pretty woman, even at a party, come up and flirt with me. I usually got the cold shoulder."
175999103,ur dr is right. u need to gain back ur insight by meds before u take any talk therapy
175999104,why is it irrelevant? and I dont have a sz dx
175999105,"I don’t know if theres enough outlets, or we will blow a fuse. Theres already an air conditioner? I’ll try calling my nurse tomorrow. She can talk to the pdoc bc where I go its hard to talk to them unless youre in crisis. They use email to contact the pdoc, but the nurse will be sure to see her in person"
175999106,A lot of descendents of people who owned slaves have inherited wealth that was built through slave labor. So they feel guilty for benefiting financially from something so atrocious.
175999107,I have taken latuda for around five years or so. Been on different doses. I’m happy with latuda. I had unbearable jaw clenching in the beginning but it went away.
175999108,The future is unknown no matter what you think. Seriously. Start tomorrow on making your future. It doesn’t have to be great. It just has to be better. That is hard for sure but you have to start somewhere. Exercise is good. It helps you feel better. Fights depression and it’s addictive in a good way. That helps you think better and move on from the past. The past is the past. Life is little baby steps with sz. Start small and build to big…that is your destiny if you believe it.
175999109,"Im an resolution specialist at Amazon every annual pay increase I put into the bond, hoping to own investment properties once the primary residence is paid off."
175999110,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! You probably mean DBaconBoy though. My voice is from 1:11 to the final chorus
175999111,Ouch! Get off my foot fatsh!t.
175999112,Awwww!! You need some loving!!
175999113,I liked the job at a funeral company. I assisted the moaners. It was good money. I only had to be present and answer questions. Like showing them the way through the cemetery.
175999114,"Hmm?. Love. Helps. True, Honest, Fulfilling, Trustworthy, Beautiful, Love (!!!). Hope, True Love, Joy, And Peace!."
175999115,"Some things to try: Change your medication. This is a bit of a gamble as you may end up with something worse, but getting the right medication is a real bonus. Eat healthily and exercise. Cutting out processed food will have you feeling better. After some time eating well you may start feeling like exercising again which is a great boost."
175999116,I remember thinking when I was in hospital that plants might be robotic in nature.
175999117,"Hmm… Have you tried therapy? Meds are for psychosis, but with anxiety, we need therapy."
175999118,"My doctor said it should stop the anxiety as well as lift my mood. I hope it works fast. Thanks for letting me know it’s good, I feel more comfortable hearing from someone who takes it that it’s a good med."
175999119,"Why dont we blame cars everytime someone runs over a group of pedestrians in a terror attack? Why didnt we blame the fertilizer for _NAME_ and Oklahoma city? There is something else going on that is resulting in a social change. The value of human life is being diminished. Banning guns wont fix that. Unless you also want to ban u-hauls, cars, big trucks, fertilizer, and any other potential form of mass killings. Let’s ban airplanes while we are at it. Saying “it’s the guns fault” ignores the heart of the problem. I’m not saying we shouldn’t do more thorough background checks, and _PERSON_ even in favor of red flag laws if done correctly. All of these attacks are planned out. Its not like someone decides one minute that they are going to attack and they’re doing it within the hour. Most of the criminals in these attacks give off warning sign after warning sign, and people dont take the time to notice or dont report it. _NAME_ Tech shooter comes to mind specifically. Dont you find it od
d that we can take someone’s rights away if they are suicidal, but we cant if they are giving off major warning signs that they intend to be violent? The biggest solution is education. Teach people the warning signs, and when we see these warning signs we should be able to do something about it. Right now law enforcement’s hands are tied, they cant do much but observe, and that needs to change."
175999120,"I’m guessing it will be next year before I see a vaccine here. Supply lines are breaking down, and I don’t think I’m considered part of any high-risk group. That’s fine with me, I want to wait and see what colour the third eye people grow is before I take it LOL"
175999121,I had to call the police once. I don’t have names.
175999122,I’m only 15 though
175999123,Were they smart and really lifelike like mine?
175999124,"I used to be on that much in the injection but am now taking invega pills, 9 mg a day. I am on max dose of Wellbutrin and tolerate it fine, it should be one that in theory increases your dopamine levels."
175999125,"Are You On Meds?. To Ask Someone Who Has The Ability to Function Themselves on a Computer, if Whether or Not They Are Taking Their Prescribed Medication is a Threat. Why Would You?. What Purpose FOR YOU Does it Serve?. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
175999126,"I have been given dx’s of Paranoid Schizophrenia, Autism, Generalised Anxiety Disorder and Depression Currently not medicated for depression, but I disagreed with the doctor and thought I could tough it out, as I thought my depression was situational and a response to unfavourable conditions Anxiety is a tough one as I have no idea if the Diazepam or Pregabalin is actually helping me. I don’t think I get enough credit for working through these issues personally. The only Dx’s I have accepted are PSZ and ASD. The GAD and Depression I am not so sure about. When I explain things I use very extreme language, and I am ‘black and white’ I have been told. Some things I say to my treatment team may sound brutal, but my lead practitioner is good at translating for me. The doctor isn’t quite there yet, but we’ll see what the next few months bring meds wise with the changes"
175999127,_AT_MENTION_-ploravit Most people who post here are more likely to have a learning disability (US terminology) than a low IQ.
175999128,"My new doc says I might have tardive dyskenisia. I have tourrette’s anyways, so he doesn’t know for sure, but he says my specific tics seem more consistent with TD than regular tourrette’s. I am a bit concerned, because if that is true, it could have been going on for years unchecked by my previous doctor. I have to get an evaluation from a neurologist, and in the mean time, I’m starting to taper off my Geodon and beginning a new med. I am nervous, because I thought geodon was my lifelong med. Wish me luck, everyone! And let me know if I start acting like im in danger of a relapse."
175999129,You don’t feel safe in the ward in the foster home and in your own family home. Comply with treatment and let them work through it with you
175999130,"25 years, 1995!"
175999131,Sounds good…
175999132,"Well, at least you’re meeting people you would actually get involved with. I never do, and the last time I did was a mistake and now I get threats, probably for breaking it off."
174341404,"I couldn’t care less. What’s next, offended children when someone is accused of being childish?"
175999133,I think I fixed one thing. So much more to go. I wish I wasn’t so afraid to be open. Keeping stuff inside is eating me up.
175999134,True that to the max
175999135,"As shallow as it seems, in my experience it much depends on your physical attractiveness. Same the other way around."
175999136,"Well, I’ve lived dozens of years and to be honest, I’m not even thrilled with living this long."
175999137,"I am up to 160.2 lbs. now. Up from 157.8 lbs. Every time I spend a few nights overnight at my best friends house I end up gaining weight. She encourages me to eat at night. And I do. It’s not her fault. She doesn’t hold a funnel to my mouth. But, I spend time with her and I gain weight every time. So does she. When we are apart, we both lose weight. Every time."
175999138,"Thanks. I was actually planning to finish my four year degree before covid-19 and my scholarships ran out since I canceled that semester, now I have no funds available. So I am not interested in finishing college at this point. I am taking free classes on course-era.org to help keep me somewhat grounded. Software does seem awesome. Actually I have this book about learning to code computers that I should probably read. There are a lot of options with software and computer science. Some involve Geometry, Physics, etc. but they don’t all require you to be even decent at Math. Software programming is more about Logic and reasoning, and the ability to solve puzzles."
175999139,"I get very bad depression sometimes, its worse now since i lost my job any tips?"
175999140,I can relate to this ‘don’t look’ thing.
175999141,Wish your father a speedy recovery _AT_MENTION_.
174341407,"What meds did not work? Maybe try the ones you didn’t try. I will be trying low dose Rexulti after tomorrow, will see if it makes me impulsive and hypersexual, I can detect those now with insight I developped since last time I stopped Abilify."
175999142,I think I’m in a dream. When I wake I go back to where it left off. I sometimes think maybe I should hurt someone to prove that it’s a dream.
175999143,One gets one’s needs met in a variety of ways.
175999144,Do you take more when that happens or just lay awake all night?
175999145,If I live to be 55 my youngest child will be 20 years old. I hope she finds a good partner. Family members (other than me and my 2 daughters and one son) are very homophobic based in their religion. 5 years seems so long and I don’t even have any desire to be around longer. But I think my girlie may need me to pave her way. Maybe I can make it to 60.
175999146,If I had known that I would have sent you amazon packages of office supplies. I myself can never find a working pen when I need one. But no it isn’t a good idea to use your real name though.
175999147,Witchcraft is make believe. A benevolent God wouldn’t allow mere feelings to negatively alter people’s lives remotely.
175999148,"yeah, if I can get this picking under control I’ll be really happy and things will be all set."
175999149,People will hurt you if you feel nothing or you will hurt yourself.
175999150,"“This is not normal. You need to tell someone. Also, it’s not real”"
175999151,Wish you luck and success.
175999152,"Checkout my OCD supplements, herbs thread you can try these supplements for getting relief."
175999153,i see a therapist once a week…im currently dealing with social anxiety withher
175999154,"I wake up at 6 am. I have breakfast n coffee n Monday’s, Tuesday’s and Thursday’s I walk my brothers dogs around 7.30am. Monday’s ,Tuesday’s I go to the gym at around nine am and Fridays around eight am. I volunteer work Wednesdays and Thursdays and Fridays for a couple hours or so. Monday’s, Tuesday’s and Wednesday’s I sometimes visit my sacred neigh and just share a apple with her or so.she is retired now. I am usually home around lunch time every day and have lunch and then have a shower and I put my pj on after lunch and sit in bed in my pj on my computer the rest of the afternoon. I usually visit the forum or browse the Internet. Occasionally I may watch a DVD . Around 6 pm I have dinner and take my medication. Go back on the computer and usually in bed around 7.30pm. The medication makes me tired. That’s my weekdays. Weekends I do not do much. I will see if I can attend a gym class Saturdays.hopefully I can.depends how I go with the instructor etc When it gets warmer I will 
hopefully go for dips."
175999155,Reminds me of that 80s show called square pegs
175999156,Anyone helped with depression on this medication? I’ve read it causes lack of enjoyment in anything. I have severe depression with suicidal ideation as it is. I just recieved the 117mg shot today. I’m bipolar si they dont want to prescribed antidepressants
175999157,"The shower wouldn’t be so bad if it didn’t sound like people screaming at me, I take baths but they’re a pain in the ass so I only go like every third day to every other day."
175999158,"Hey I’m 34, life’s a ?????, I’m not getting younger though. But we need to live each day at a time some days are good and the other bad. But let’s keep walking. I’m with ya?"
175999159,Nice dude! There are some really fire bars in there What mic do you use?
175999160,"Like I give it to the ap it got me outta of all my delusions… However, normal still ain’t normal until this gets fixed"
175999161,"Glad you are determined to be healthy even when it is hard. I have trouble motivating myself some days to run but I run every day anyways. It really improves the mood. I hope you are able to exercise, I promise you will feel better for doing it. It really helps the brain."
175999162,I called the office and they said the heater isn’t getting fixed today. I asked if they could bring me a heater. She said they would. That way I can heat the room where my sister is at least. The weather posted a winter storm advisory for our area. It’s going to be nasty later.
175999163,Well this was my last day of not sleeping due to voices and other ailments as i got hospitalized the next day so i slept in the hospital with all the drugs they injected me.
175999164,Sometimes I get so excited I can’t sleep. I’m on paliperidone. But I’m also in and antidepressant
175999165,"I bribe myself with the promise of a good breakfast, or lunch (if it’s already noon)."
175999166,Yeah my parents tried to force me to take meds too. I just sometimes think I tricked my family into believing I have this. But why would they then force me to take meds and I didn’t want that. So I didn’t want a mental illness. But it just sort of became me after I was hospitalized. Everyone just thought I had it. I don’t know if I actually have it. I think I’m really bad. But I know I had voices telling me to kill myself so that part was real. But I think it was really God sometimes because I had a connection to God that I believed was more than others. I thought I was a servant of God. At one point I thought I was being beatified. I was taking a lot of adderall. But when I heard the voices to kill myself I wasn’t on any. So it’s all confusing. But I might have been coming off an antidepressant (even though I don’t think I was because I always took my meds then) so it could have been mania from that. There’s just so many things that confuse me.
175999167,Yes.only latuda.
175999168,Well these days everything is virtual so I can see where that feeling can be exacerbated.
175999169,_AT_MENTION_
175999170,what is AP? what medication is that?
175999171,Good luck. Sounds like a good plan and it’s good to work with your doc. Mine is good. I’ll listen to his suggestions and he listens to mine. It really is a team effort and building that relationship is good for your treatment in the long run. Hope it goes well for you.
175999172,Ah cool. Didn’t realize 3399 was specific when I was searching. Just ordered a bottle. thanks!
175999173,I get even sicker in warm temperature i don’t know why but for some reason it makes me sicker.
175999174,"Once I was frozen for half an hour or more. Standing upright, in the field, my father talking to me, I couldn’t respond or move"
175999175,wtf I didn’t feel like eating too much yesterday so I didn’t make it to 1200 calories and for some god forsaken reason the stupid scale says I gained 3 pounds. That’s not even possible. It has to be me retaining water or something. Stupid thing. Talk about a downer.
175999176,"Shares of Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. ACAD, +63.36% rocketed 87% toward a 4-year high in premarket trading Monday, after the biopharmaceutical company said a phase 3 trial of its treatment for dementia-related psychosis met its primary endpoint. The company said pimavanserin achieved “robust statistical superiority” over placebo, with longer time to relapse of psychosis with pimavanserin compared with placebo. Acadia said the study will be stopped early based on the study’s findings. The company plans to meet with the Food and Drug Administration regarding a supplemental new drug application (NDA) submission in 2020."
175999177,"Hello my favorite _PERSON_, nice to see you. Hope you have a fantastic day."
175999178,My parents are ignorants.
175999179,Very cool. It’s an easy song for the chords for the guitar players but on piano I’d imagine it’s a cool piece…Well done to you… Do your record your work? I’d find it interesting your version of it! But not drama’s. I still think it’s pretty cool!
175999180,"https://www.moviequotedb.com/movies/batman-forever.html _NAME_ : Mr. _PERSON_… _NAME_. _PERSON_’s suicide was obviously a computer-generated forgery. _NAME_ : You really are quite bright, despite what people say."
174341421,"My dad was 19 mom was 14. But mine came from a reaction to anesthesia from surgery. Other mental ????…I can blame both families, lol."
175999181,"In the winter time, the air is drier. So every breath you take drains you of more moisture. And because it’s cold, we don’t feel like drinking water. It’s very easy to get surprisingly dehydrated in the winter without realizing it."
175999182,"I sang constantly ‘why dose it rain on me’’ I was super manic and I would screech as the excitement build up in me. When I am now feeling slightly elated I always go back to that time in 2013 as this is the point I felt amazing/was amazing, I had special powers etc."
175999183,I’m taking an AD but it’s not helping so far. I’ll tell my doctor about it on the 20th.
175999184,I can’t answer that because it will get censored again.
175999185,"Some people need more sleep than othera. If you think you are sleeping too much, talk to your doctor about it. It could be a sign that you are depressed, or that you are on too much medicine. It is not a sign that you are lazy. Even lazy people can’t sleep more than they need."
175999186,"Thanks for the ‘like’, Ever… I’m glad I now know that you saw this. I think we have a lot in common and I think about this site a lot I just don’t have the right mix to be a usual suspect. I “like” this entry and I think it helps bring me full circle. Because I once spoke on triggering topic(s). But what can I say… bad stuff got INSPIRED in me, things that were originally outside my imagination. Now my mental ‘lexicon’ is tarnished… (Lost innocence) Plus I take the wrong risks at times which I learned once about those with alcoholism."
175999187,"The trouble is you never know whether it’s necessary. I have tried to challenge this, but met with resistance. Even my GP I tried to get them to manage my meds, and they refuse flat out even though I gave them explicit consent to do so. Just feel like I am trapped at the moment, and fearful of how this is all transpiring"
175999188,I walked for 2 hours. Ate ramen noodles for lunch. Then did laundry.
175999189,"Unfortunately, I’m in a contract. Once I’m out, I’ll be switching to Verizon if Comcast can’t give me a better deal."
175999190,Sounds about right lol.
175999191,"I’m not a preemie, but I’m interested to see how this plays out. I look forward to reading the responses."
175999192,"You’ve got to go to a doctor i think the sooner the better, gp can help if u cant go to psychiatrist. If it gets really hard to handle then the emergency room might be where u have to go. I dont know much about schizotypal but it does sound like a first episode psychosis in my unprofessional opinion."
175999193,Yeah definitely go that route. I’m very VERY sensitive to caffeine myself. I get disassociation with panic and catatonia all mixed up
175999194,"I can’t name albums, I usually avoid the songs I don’t care for. I’ll just name bands. Grouplove, Third Eye Blind, R.E.M."
175999195,"There are lots of things you can do about high cholesterol. If you can avoid taking meds for them, you should. And if you do decide to exercise, make sure it’s more intense than a brisk walk if you also want to lose weight or get in shape. Exercise is probably your best bet, even more so than diet. The health effects are very significant. Mayo Clinic Can lifestyle changes benefit your cholesterol? Understand the diet and lifestyle steps you can take to improve your cholesterol."
175999196,Is when you waste a whole canvas cause you didn’t like what you painted lol
175999197,"As The Focus Of The Horizon Gives Gift’s, The Sea Within The Gravity Of The Sky, Asks Why."
175999198,"I used to drink a lot of soda, sometimes diet, but now it’s maybe one 20oz bottle a day. I’ve switched to iced tea mostly now."
175999199,"Wow, what are the odds? Well I’m sorry that happened, that Cardiologist really messed up."
175999200,Here’s a goat that actually (for real) barks like a dog.
175999201,I have normal emotions. Don’t think the APs ever affected them much. Maybe just made me calmer.
175999202,They have different names but most names are kept pretty secret. Some will introduce themselves as their names in an unfamiliar environment. and those who know of our condition will get to know our names.
175999203,"Watching back to the future 3. Were having a family dinner today, we usually do on New Year’s Day. It’s roast beef."
175999204,they want someone that emphasize to doctor on that becoz i dont do that often and even if i tell him he may not believe me
175999205,They learn more about you over time which can lead to a more accurate diagnosis
174341431,Lol. They wrote me off just before I got on abilify. But now that I’ve been out of hospital for 5 years they’ve just got more important cases I guess.
175999206,"i bought this skin care protection with A & D ingredients lanolin and petrolatum from the baby section is this okay to use for my tattoo after care, anyone knows."
175999207,No offence but Im sure _AT_MENTION_ knows how to google something. He’s specifically asking for other people’s thoughts and first hand opinions. I would give mine but I’ve never done it.
175999208,"So you basically have to learn… Ctrl+F, Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V? Yeah that doesn’t seem very engaging."
175999209,"After a long time, my mind is clear. No thought blocking anymore, nor brain fog."
175999210,my last psychotic episode lasted 3 years before I was medicated. the only relief was sleep at night. now that im medicated I will occasionally have episodes that range anywhere from 1-4 hours.
174341418,I recently read a few studies about equine therapy and autism. Another study said that it could be helpful for negative symptoms in schizophrenia. I’m looking into it. Not sure how expensive it is though.
175999211,"I am indeed taking my medication and I was in therapy until I couldn’t afford it anymore. I make too much at my job to qualify for state help but not enough to afford consistent therapy. I have tried faking self love, hoping to make it. I practice yoga, I meditate, I use positive affirmations, I have read self help books. I simply cannot seen to connect the wires of self love. I was happy in my relationship and she always tells me I’m a very good, hard working, providing man and I treat everyone really good. But she can’t stand seeing how badly I hate myself. I don’t even intentionally hate myself and I truly attempt to self love. I just don’t know what that looks like or even is. I find myself getting more and more detached since my person left me. She was my link to reality and I am trying very hard to do that for myself. I am struggling."
175999212,"That’s good man, I like those. _AT_MENTION_ is pretty good out of all the rappers I met in my life. I like how he could tell stories out of his rhymes. I dont think he ever even cussed in his music. That’s pretty dope to me."
175999213,"Thank you both for the comments, _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ . I think that I am ready to get out of the house a bit. I need encouragement to do so- to get out of bed, take a bath, do some laundry- yhou know, normal stuff. I think a job would give me a reason to do those things, a bit of purpose. I was told last night that the manager I know would be in today, and he’d be able to hire me on the spot. I will keep y’all updated."
175999214,Sounds like a fancy way of saying “mind reading”. So it’s obviously a conspiracy theory.
174341436,No. Same old shiit. I haven’t fainted today.
175999215,"I pace but it doesn’t seem to drop my weight like you’d think it would. What does drop my weight is using an exercise machine, but I don’t have access to one right now. I could be wrong, I’m only 184 and the pacing could be keeping me at that weight. In jail I paced non stop and dropped to 137, but that was probably more because I didn’t eat all the food they gave me."
175999216,I’m bored too. Was thinking of trying to go back to sleep for awhile. What do you mean that you “hope I wasn’t medicated”?
175999217,Good luck. You will be great.
175999218,That’s an incredible attitude to have. It took me years to understand that about my mother.
175999219,i agree with you
175999220,"You really shouldn’t be reading stuff like that, It’s just fueling your delusions."
175999221,nice to hear you find better dose =) lucky that your pdoc is ok with that too…
175999222,"Really wanting a drink, some hallucinogens, or a couple benzos. Symptoms are bugging me and that always makes me crave. Keeping in mind that those reliefs are only temporary, and can be harmful in the long run. Using my tools of distraction to keep me occupied. Keep up the good fight!"
175999223,I’m currently on paliperidone once a month. It’s doing good for me. My nurse just mentioned the three monthly injection. Same medication just only need the injection every three months Wondering if anyone else here has switched and if it is just as good.
175999224,what is the rules? where do i find them?
174341423,"Taking a shower, preparing a meal, shopping, doing chores, errands, having a job, etc. may be a struggle for a schizophrenic. Normies don’t understand. My father called me lazy yesterday. Wtf?"
175999225,Sorry - Lol. Wrong Thread! hahahaa 151515
175999226,Be 100% honest with your new psychiatrist.
175999228,So you got diagnosed in March. Then what happened? Fine for a bit then hospitalized?
175999229,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175999230,I’m trying to have hope to. Just be patient. If I’m not really being followed it’ll eventually go away. I hope your suffering ends soon too. Just keep telling your pdoc everything. It’s the best we can do
175999231,And I’m so happy for you _AT_MENTION_ .
175999232,Thanks _PHONE_NO_
175999233,"I would rather be dead than make my mom angry. I wish I lived alone to freely tell him, but I currently don’t."
175999234,Well done. It’s a worthwhile thing to do for your physical and mental health.
175999235,How do we get you a new case manager? Do you know?
175999236,"Uh, I would have to disagree with that, the facts say otherwise. I prefer to think of all the jobs I’ve had where I pulled my own weight or how I lived in society on my own for 20 years, working, taking classes, and doing other productive things. And I don’t recall asking anyone for permission, it was me who applied for jobs by myself, went to the interview and got the job. It was me alone who enrolled in college, bought the books and sat in class. It was me who looked in the classified ads and found places to live. I’m a free man and I’ve paid taxes and stayed out of trouble and contributed positively to society and no ones going to stop me from working or anything else I want to do but myself."
175999237,Lol!!! Your funny _NAME_!!!
175999238,its ok to complaain
175999239,"No, but at the time, I sure wished that I was dead."
175999240,"If you have anemia, you should check it out with your doctor. There are also things like pernicious anemia which can cause schizopnrenia caused by B12 deficiency. Frankly, deficiency in most B vitamins can cause psychosis. I am asking anyone with anemia and schizopnrenia to show my original post to their doctor and to ask why EGLN genes are not being investigated for schizopnrenia and why EGLN inhibitors are not being trialled."
175999241,90% are. There are people with other psychotic illnesses also.
175999242,"I think everyone here has had sound reasoning and opinions. Personally, I have had memory issues since long before sz diagnosis. But oddly I do remember a lot of my psychosis, but not much of my childhood for example. I think it’s important to remember that though we are all sz, we are still different people, so our brains will work differently in some ways."
175999243,"Thanks you. I’m going to see if the vet’s office, and grooming salon with take them to give out to clients who ask. And there’s bulletin boards in town too."
175999244,_AT_MENTION_ SOOO good to hear from you!! I was terrified!
175999245,"Welcome. If you find yourself in need of help, just tag a moderator. Type the @ symbol, then our names _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_, and _AT_MENTION_ Enjoy your stay with us!"
175999246,I suffer with high blood pressure and high cholesterol and triglycerides. I’m also diabetic.
174341432,I become a religious fanatic without meds. It’s nuts. I get so weird. That’s why I take my meds even though I don’t believe I have schizophrenia.
175999247,"she is staff and its not allowed :(, i love whole vibe, she is a proper woman lol (if there is such a thing) lol she still has the spirit of a little girl and i love that its a very unique characteristic in a woman"
175999248,Yeah that’s foundationalism philosophy without it you go into infinite regress or circular logic. Good things
175999249,Yes and no more
175999250,I do think this site is a little bit too addictive though.
175999251,I have plenty of fears _AT_MENTION_ . I know what your going through.
175999252,Had that too like doing the cross sign repetedly on different parts of my body even in public for a long time everywhere. I thought the more I do it the better I become. Head shaking too. The head shaking I had it when I was under 10 y.o. and it disappeared after that until I got sz.
175999253,"Worst - I told a friend & she initially offered sms support & understanding, saying she knew how hard it could be (I’m guessing she was referring to her own, very low level anxiety or depression as this always turns out to be the case with friends). She asked do I want to catch up for support (face to face), I replied yes & when. Then she ghosted me. Nothing. Later, I saw her in a group with other friends, she just acted really weird & wouldn’t make eye contact. Best - “_NAME_, I would never have guessed 'cos you’re so articulate! You pass under the radar. I’m sure there’s lots of therapy that can give you abundance in life instead of just surviving.” What I’d like - sit with me & my crazy, validate my feelings, that’s all. Accept me as I am. Don’t leap to a solutions frenzy of practical ways to improve my mental health & quality of life…solutions that sound awful nice to you but aren’t realistic for me and that, by the way, I’ve already done to death & spent thousands of 
dollars trying to perfect."
175999254,Thanks everyone !!
175999255,What an awful feeling. There’s no one living inside you even though it feels like it. You’re safe from being tortured because no one is inside you doing anything to you.
175999256,It’s all coming back to me. I better not ask my psychiatrist to lower my risperdal dose!
175999257,Pushing positive energy your way
175999258,Why bother with trying to be popular
175999259,Oh I had severe paranoia but I can provide examples. They may not have given it to me but they made it worse. The first time I was in the hospital they kept showing these news reports of a hurricane headed to where my wife was. This was post _NAME_ and scary. But they looked like they were made in somebody’s garage. I have googled it. There was no hurricane heading for New _USER_ID_ when I was in the hospital in August of 2008. The first two weeks of August. You can google it yourself. That’s only one example. I have more. They made me delusional and paranoid. I am sure of it.
175999260,Horseback riding sounds good.
175999261,Hi guys! Haven’t been here in a while. I am on 3 weeks off obligatory vacation - that’s what my stupid workplace does. I will only go to Romania for 3 days. The rest I stay at home. I am very angry and worried - I just lost weight and reduce smoking and now staying at home I go nuts. I will write down places I can go for a walk and activities I can do at home. I am very worried
175999262,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175999263,? m already be careful on my online actions because i feel already being tracking by ai softwares. But this is not mean i m hiding horrible secrets. Just careful to not enter weird websites. But the new thing is i think now after we have full responsibility for our actions in case of sued by government or going phsc ward or something.or i don t know. This might be wrong. ? m really advanced at think useless paranoias.
175999264,"I just had akathisia/restless on Latuda. I tried Zyprexa, Latuda, Abilify, Risperdal and Seroquel (for sleep with the Zyprexa)."
175999265,"I have BPD on my hospital record because I had a doctor say my iq is too high for schizophrenia. Shocking no one, he was a terrible doctor. But it’s been on my record for fifteen years now and there’s not much I can do about it. I thought I had finally gotten away from it when I moved to Oregon, but now I’m back and was reminded it’s there again."
175999266,Energy is part of the intelligence. Smart people think faster and can maintain focus for long periods of time.
175999267,I watch Hotboxin’ with _NAME_
175999268,… only Shades of Grey…
174341445,pls do share … its non invasive medicationless treatment…!! Guys I need help…!!
175999269,That’s very low. I don’t feel any difference with 2mg. I was taking 6mg
175999270,"_AT_MENTION_ Find a hobby you enjoy doing and meet new people. The best way to find and keep friends, imo, is going to school. You can connect with people who share similiar interests like you. Just dont fall with the wrong crowd."
175999271,"I think you should go for it. It really does help and everyone is super welcoming and understanding, at least in my experience"
175999272,Lol _NAME_. Love ya too damn it. I know I keep saying that. I like your humor .
175999273,i think it’s best if you stick with your meds… if you get psychotic it will be worse i think…
175999274,I dont know they dont have balls to kill me anyways.
175999275,"The USA bans all flights from the EU to the USA, I am really worried about this pandemic. All stock markets falling."
175999276,"Hi I am currently taking 5mg of Zyprexa. Just started it a week ago. Haven’t felt anything different yet, like heavy sleepiness or anything else. Does anyone here take zyprexa and how long does it take to work? I also take abilify, effexor and lyrica. I have somataform disorder with severe depression and anxiety. Thanks"
175999277,"Yeah! Gimme some of that turkey, too!"
174341435,i am pretty sure that isolation is listed as a prodromal symptom of coming-up sz. _NAME_
174341440,I would ask the Doctor regarding Saphris. Thanks!
175999278,I made it through the first 2 months because I was motivated. Eating snacks like peanuts and granola bars in between meals helps. You kind of ha e to get over the “I’m hungry” feeling if you want to lose weight. Your going to be hungry and it’s going to suck. But I feel so much better @ 240 pounds than 300 pounds. Part of what sucks so much is it feels like it takes a long time o lose weight. I had to lose 30 pounds before I even noticed a difference in the mirror. The good thing is once you get onto a healthy diet and exercise regiment you will FEEL better almost immediately.
175999279,"I know don’t usually vent here but I jist had a terrible day. I had to get health insurance signing up out of the way and the whole ordeal jist caused nothing but stress and trouble _PERSON_ rd my wife tol d m e she can’t do it any more, specifically my SZ has changed me the past 5 years we gave been married and I’m not who I used to be. I thought my medications were helping with my catatonic and mute episodes for days on end and she said they helped but it was more with my delusional and negative thoughts and social anxiety. Im just a shell of my former outgoing self she isn’t mad at me she said she should’ve expected this since this seems to be the case with most schizophre ics. She has to work and I’m taking care of our baby I’m trying my best to keep it together and play and do the usual routine but it eats away at me knowing I’m a shittt partner and I haven’t been improving. She assured me she still loves me but she jist can’t deal with me changing so much. I know I used to 
be more outgoing and had a brighter outlook on life I thought I could take on the world but it just beat me down harder and harder everyone I meet in real life is going to ???? me eventually thisbhas been the case since I started trying to make friends . I don’t know what to do, we are trying to figure out a situation that will be good for our baby she still wants her to grow up seeing me since I’m a good dad just not a good emotional or romantic partner anymore. Holiday is right around the corner and I’m still worrying about money and trying to get gifts for people and all that I just am trying to deal with my problems and trying to figure out what to do with wife and all the other stuff going on I’m sorry for my terrible typing right now. I know it’s annoying to see another topic ???????? about their life but I just needed to get this out"
175999280,I have found that if I am craving a snack between healthy meals a nice hot cup of tea keeps the hunger at bay
175999281,I suppose. I’m not sure
174341446,"I think I just forgot to take my dose yesterday. Before when it was happening I was on rexulti, which had no relief. But this is the first time it happened since switching to zyprexa 20. since i was splitting my dose, i probably forgot my morning pill. took 2 last night to make up for it, and am good now."
174341438,"Regarding question 1: According to https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/_PHONE_NO_, the PANSS reduction on the 3 subscales was: PANSS positive subscale score (-5.5 vs. -3.9; P=0.019; effect size, 0.32), PANSS negative subscale score (-3.1 vs. -1.6; P=0.008; effect size, 0.37), PANSS general psychopathology subscale score (-9.0 vs. -4.7; P<0.001; effect size, 0.51)"
175999282,Lol voices get so annoying sometimes it’s not even funny. Especially when they’re consistent throughout the day omg. Can’t stand it lol sometimes I’m so happy just to get home and watch a YouTube video of put some music on to block them out
175999283,"Going off your meds isn’t hurting us, It’s hurting you. Also, Aren’t you on some sort of order? I don’t think you have a say in it."
175999284,"Oh man. I am a cup convert. Once you get the hang of it, you don’t leak, though you can get a bit of blood that was stuck to your walls when you empty. I felt so much cleaner. Also, June cup is only $6 right now. You can buy one in each size for the cost of one different brand."
174341443,"My old psych ward roommate used to have conversations about me with his voices, then tell me about it and ask if it sounded crazy. I told him it did and he said he’ll tell the doctor lol"
175999285,We need one for sz.
175999286,I don’t have any positives. Maybe few negatives like lack of focus and drive. You?
175999287,"My little siblings are in a group where they do creative things and tour places and today they’re painting ceramic sculptures. I decided to come along and looooooook at this beauty I painted. received_2_PHONE_NO_ 672×1280 87.3 KB The hearts and peace signs are messy on purpose, I swear! I enjoyed doing this. I’m not very artsy but I think anyone can benefit from doing something artistic."
175999288,_AT_MENTION_ I think this was it. I cannot however share this one with my doctor as it’s dated 2006. Will try and find another more recent study I think. Thanks for sharing - I have the search terms I need now to research
175999289,"Yay showers! I showered today, too, without my husband persuading me. I feel so much better about myself when I’m clean and dressed nice. I think a lot of us struggle with showering, though, no matter how nice it feels to do it."
175999290,"I’m extremely hungry all day long. I thought I had to suppress it somehow and that isn’t a long term solution. Started looking at ways to eat a ton of food and still be healthy. Eventually came across bodybuilding and it’s tailor made for people who eat a ton of food. I’m not exactly sure if I consider myself a bodybuilder or not. I eat around 3800 calories now. Been staying at the same weight for a while. A couple of bodybuilders admitted that bodybuilding isn’t very healthy. However, it’s way better than not exercising and eating junk food all day. I most care about abs. Not so much the other muscles. I do work them out and they are getting much bigger. I’m not exactly sure where I’m headed. If my appetite decreases I will lose a ton of weight. If my appetite increases I will slowly gain weight. I’ve noticed the more in shape I get the more I eat. I was at 3500 calories for a while now my body wants 3800 because my metabolism has gotten better. Hope it works out"
175999291,I’m going with my husband to his dad’s house to help take care of him.
175999292,Do you think it works? Ive had bad memory for quite some time now and am going to ask my dr about this medication
175999293,"Hm. I’m a bit too tired to understand the question. But I think if I were to put my own take on it, It is sort of 90 percent I have delusion. And ten percent delusion has me. But I hope to make it 100 percent I have delusion."
175999294,"Welcome to the community. A bit frustrated that my weight crept back up over the past month, but doing much better otherwise. Hoping some lunch hour walkies will help get me feeling better."
175999295,"I used to think my mom was trying to harm me when she was trying to help me. This delusion is common, but the worst because your family usually are the people who love you most and, most importantly, are most likely to help you cope with being sick be it emotionally, financially, or some other type of support. It’s very important not to develop enmity with your family for that reason."
175999296,"Thanks! That’s good that he was able to do that, gives me hope. My results were good in every other respect."
175999297,I turned 36 a week ago. I agree with _AT_MENTION_ . It’s going to be a good year.
175999298,"My negatives seem to be under control. My positives act up here and there. I’m not on APs anymore, just an AD and AA meds."
175999299,I think the government follows me because when I was younger I wrote anti-government propaganda.
174341447,Interesting to see that this protein build up didn’t happen in those with szc who were medicated suggesting its the disease not the medication that is linked to this protein build up.
175999300,"I take 7.5 mg of Zyprexa, and I don’t have a problem with overheating. The only side effects I get, I like. It gives me insomnia, so I take it in the early morning and it gives me energy all day. I take 6 mg of Melatonin at bedtime so I can get some sleep. Usually it makes people tired, but it has the opposite effect on me. I fall asleep around 9:30 p.m. and I naturally wake up around 5:30 - 6 a.m. I take my Zyprexa when I wake up. I don’t mind getting up that early. It also suppresses my appetite, so I have lost 25 pounds since mid-March by calorie counting. (I need to lose a lot more that I gained on other APs)."
174341453,Benzos for example. People take them to feel temporary relaxation but the after effect is devastating. Need to pay huge price for the short lived relief from it.
175999301,Really love the spiderman one…
174341450,"ETHealthworld.com Long-term medication for schizophrenia is safe : Study - ET HealthWorld According to the study, which is published in the scientific journal World Psychiatry, mortality was higher during periods when patients were not on m.."
175999302,Anybody just… not think about anything? I feel like a blank slate/zombie. Like other people I feel like have constant thoughts and things going on in their had. But there’s just nothing up there lol
175999303,5 times. Once due to a med side effect. Then 4 times in half a year due to med side effects followed by a bad series of events.
175999304,"After missing a day of medicine, I feel better than average for that day, then I suffer the next three days while my meds catch back up. Usually this is anxiety, anger and muscle tension."
175999305,"Perhaps in this life, us schizophrenics are just in some way that 5th dentist."
175999306,"Whether it’s you or them, to me that doesn’t sound like a healthy relationship Consider though I have no friends. However, I am better off with no friends than the ones I had before. It’s a hard thing to come away from, but it’s not the end of the world."
175999307,I want to diet but I don’t know how to cook a lot of things and I get the same stuff at the grocery store not realizing all the sugar and sodium. Anyone know of good diet foods you don’t have to cook? Thanks
175999308,Good luck. I made it 4 days. On day 5 I was in an ER.
175999309,I am taught we as homosapiens need to eat meat. They are cultures in the world being vegan or vegetarian. Gorillas are vegetarian. I have two vegetarians in my social network and they get picked on by meateaters. I ate a lot of meat in my life causing me arthritis these days. I am mentally twisted and really don’t want to know the truth cause its not in my favour.
175999310,"Many controversial talking points (from string theory to God’s existence) are not, despite their lack of falsifiability regarded as delusional."
175999311,"If I was afraid that some of my thoughts like rape were being transmitted to a guy I once seen, is this thought broadcasting?"
175999312,My hardened brother just told me that he doesn’t plan on supporting me like my father has. He will probably help me manage my finances and set me up with roommates but he doesn’t know how to show empathy because he is not capable of this. He basically wants me to snap out of it. He doesn’t believe in schizoaffective. He feels it’s a weakness. I worry all the time and make mountains out of molehills. I can’t help the way I think but I’m willing to work on this through medications and therapy. You are not alone _AT_MENTION_.
175999313,Will you guys all support me if I start a topic on the nice taste of vomlt?
175999314,"well google says 80mg but that seems like a lot, I’ve used prozac off and on quite a bit over the years and I think the highest I’ve ever gone was 40mg. Why do you ask?"
175999315,"Ah anxiety the friend that just won’t leave you alone but you wish they would. You’re probably not psychic so I don’t think you have to worry. Worrying that something may happen might be increasing the feeling. Try some grounding techniques. I have the mantra, “be here, now” to remind myself that I only need to focus on the present. The right now."
174341462,"The linguistic expressions,kinetic behavior outputs and emotional aspects are the psycho marker to diagnosing schizophrenia when it occurs directly (few hours) But,the biomarker (even if they exist) is not reliable to diagnosing Sz. In the criminal cases,the biomarker is not taken as reliable evidence in diagnoses Sz It depend on the observer experiences which based on observing saying,behaviors and questioning the simple"
175999316,I just hope this hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin combo they’ll be trialling in new york on Tuesday works out. It’ll open the flood gates to everywhere using it. At the moment there’s no pressure on hospitals to experiment in my opinion. I get the impression they’d prefer you to die by the book than risk a law suit. I could be wrong.
175999317,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ . How are things going for you now?
175999318,if i had to live by myself my budget wouldn’t cut it to rent a house… but i live with my parents so i don’t have that problem. I do give half of my money to my mum and dad though… and when mum needs something more now and then i give more.
175999319,"It’s never helped me. I just read and work on myself. _USER_ID_: not to say it doesn’t work, I just have never found a good therapist."
175999320,"Dmt isn’t going to get you there Sorry If you are trying to attain realizations Or unsurpassable realizations I would quit the drugs And pick up meditation You can do some deep self inquiry… You can even find meditation masters who can help you out… Good luck… By the way I’ve done ayuascha ceremonies By experience,Meditation is the most profound practice one can do"
175999321,iowhur9oiuwererwwerwerwe
174341457,I’m not strong enough to tell others and face the consequences. Hopefully those who are do something
175999322,"I’ll walk around more than usually, can not ride my bicycle because the bicycle paths are frozen."
175999323,I’ve been eating a lot healthier lately. Maybe I can only tolerate Magnesium in lower doses.
175999324,I never went to a shelter when I was homeless. But anything beats living at the bus station like I did.
175999325,Good stuff matey. Sounds like some decent progress and well done with the self care.
174341458,"Apparently the drooling on clozapine is to do with the d4 dopamine receptor. I think clozapine is the only med that effects this receptor. I too had had kemadrin (procyclidine) in the past. But the Trihexyphenidyl was prescribed specifically for the drooling, not for any movement stuff. It worked on the first day"
175999326,I’m pretty sure that anxiety and stress can trigger it as well. Maybe you ought to contact your doctor to be sure.
175999327,I’m guessing you don’t follow the news? Long Term Care in Ontario is the last place you want to be right now unless you like a high risk of infection combined combined dangerously low quality of care and some additional abuse by their staff heaped in.
175999328,whats up man? whats on ur mind?
175999329,the last _NAME_ i owned had exstended forks and low body raddle and shock just like a…
175999330,yeah I sometimes use it as an excuse.
174341455,Yes I take my meds. The problem I’m having is differentiating if this is really happening or if I really have schizophrenia. I’m researching the illness and it’s possible that I might have it but this could also be real.
175999331,I’m looking into getting a mixed breed. They are hardier dogs and usually healthier than pure breeds.
175999332,_NAME_ show is just a possible explanation for the cameras everywhere. It’s an answer to the question of why they’re watchin me.
175999333,Just curious… 18-34 35-54 55+ 0 voters
174341464,"~(Scanner Day 11 (Part 4)~ Does The Moon Decay?. As the Earth and Moon near this blistering hot region, the drag caused by the Sun’s extended atmosphere will cause the Moon’s orbit to decay . The Moon will swing ever closer to Earth until it reaches a point 11,470 miles (18,470 kilometers) above our planet, a point termed the Roche limit. (From Google) Some Thrive. Some Cry. Some Laugh. Some Remain Silent. But!, Sometimes it Seems, That Everyone, is Anxious to Be Sedated. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Dream (sleepoptimistic)"
175999334,Covid makes it easier to stay at home. But yeah I’m a homebody.
175999335,"If your colleagues ask you, tell hem that you had corona. It`s easier to explain."
175999336,It sounds fake to me It’s maybe a deep desire to escape the harshness of this world and doing so by means of fantasy. I kind of had a bit of this before I was diagnosed.
175999337,I never learned it _AT_MENTION_
175999338,"I’m sorry you feel this way _AT_MENTION_ , but the government is not out to get you."
175999339,"Its like extreme reslessness but you have no control over it, its tiring and stressing."
174341454,"Just saw a commercial on TV about Fanapt, the antipsychotic. It showed different people suffering with schizophrenia. Some were paranoid, some were having hallucinations. First time I see a TV commercial like this before. Usually schizophrenia is never shown on TV. It was refreshing."
175999340,I think it’s a horrible idea. It will keep people in psychosis. A delusion should never be validated.
174341459,Latuda and Wellbutrin.
175999341,I thought this was funny. I am not sure at all
175999342,"I think there are pros and cons to injections. They are painful but one of my problems was getting my pills taken dependably. That didn’t happen until I got into a home where they dispense the meds for you me. Also, a nurse made a mistake on the amount she injected in me and I was very sick for 3 weeks until the effects of the injection wore off. That would not happen with pills."
175999343,"Try Metformin, ask your dr about it."
175999344,"Walked about 13 000 step today and its just 7pm, maybe I will do 15 000 steps by the end of the day."
175999345,"Can relate, my fixation with the placement of letters within the alphabet and associated meaning in everyday life has made some conversations more difficult than they had to be. When I’m like that I ask people to speak slower, so I can actually catch what their saying after I’ve done my analysis. They don’t usually mind."
175999346,Best of luck with the increased dose.
175999347,"Yeah. Really stinks having to update another doctor on what has happened, and what is going on."
175999348,Oh ok so God was like I’m going to put you on the planet with an ill mind I highly doubt that
175999349,I’m going to call tomorrow to see what I can do. Hopefully increase my meds or something… I see my therapist on Thursday. I’m still learning what to do when things like this happen. I usually try to draw or journal or talk it out with someone.
174341465,I talk to friends video chat everyday and have my brothers but I still feel lonely without a gf.
175999350,Yes. It helps calm me down.
175999351,Yep you got it! You are smart IMG_20210103_0324293840×5120 2.8 MB Did you do maths at college too like the others above
175999352,"I take 5mg to lower my prolactin They tried me on 30mg of Abilify before, and after about 2 months I was psychotic and in hospital Not sure why it didn’t work I was stoked to be put on it, as this was after the weight gain on Olanzapine and I thought this would work"
175999353,Can’t it be an ocd obsession though? And why does it indicate i need antipsychotics
175999354,"Talk to your doc about it! Call saying what problems you are having. I was having that problem too and he prescribed another med. It was 1mg of risperidone, but he could prescribe another different one. It didn’t help on the beginning, but after I reduced to 0,5 mg I never had that problem again. Good luck! Ask your doc, it’s their job to help you"
175999355,Nighty Night. Im proud of you for coming thru the other side x
175999356,"On my palm I have a long life line And a short love line, Which neatly sums things up."
174341472,"Yes, self-care is important. However, if you are at a place like myself which does not let me take care of my body, psychological self-care is important as well. Listen to a good song, talk to a friend, etc."
175999357,"have a look if you like SYFY WIRE – 14 Dec 12 Cyberpunk, steampunk and now stitchpunk? Your guide to 11 sci-fi punks Cyberpunk, steampunk, elfpunk and more."
175999358,"i love the texture in the sky, it almost makes me think im looking at water against the shore instead of a sky against hills! very lovely!"
175999359,"Clozapine pretty much takes care of my positive symptoms. I have a few, but not bad."
175999360,My uncle is a cna and makes like 23 an hour because of covid…
175999361,"15 per day on average, 1.5mg lozenges, 1 every hour or so."
174341463,"Apparently I was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia on August 22, 2012. I just found this out at my last psychiatrist appointment. They don’t communicate very well…"
175999362,"Hmm?. I Honestly Don’t Have Any Gift’s. . . I Live Life Accordingly. . . I Don’t Watch The News. . . I Don’t Follow Politics. . . I Have Erased Myself, &, Have Been Erased By Culture & Society. . . No One Talks To Me. . . And No One Seems To Care, Unless, It’s For Some Sort Of Control. . . But!, Inspiration Is The Absolute Key To Eternal Freedom. . . Impress Yourself An Answer Of Some Kind?. Perhaps. But!, Either Way, If Not, At Least You Tried. Hope, True Love, Joy, And Peace!."
175999363,"Thanks you, These two are already sold though:(("
175999364,"Good luck, _AT_MENTION_!"
175999365,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175999366,I think it looks super trippy and cool. Well done !
175999367,"ok, I understand now."
175999368,"You can have overvalued ideas with poor insight, which was my case for many years."
175999369,_AT_MENTION_ Anchovyand pineapple
175999370,"Thanks for that! I also do meditation. I follow Paramahansa Yogananda’s Kriya Yoga (this involves a lifestyle of healthy diet, lifestyle, meditation, exercise, and much more). This has improved my quality of life greatly, including how to be a bit more stable with all that the entities are doing to me. I am so glad you found something that helps you. Stick to it! You are more powerful than you know."
175999371,How will you get money if you can’t work and can’t have disability now? Did you think about it?
175999372,I was hospitalized for 12 days and _NAME_ this picture with crayon while there. IMG_20210320_062135912×1600 265 KB
175999373,"That’s a pretty common reaction, actually. The sedation from APs is why so many of us take them before bed and a lot of people sleep way more than average."
175999374,"_PERSON_, hope you have a wonderful day! Hopefully, the sun is out, and you can enjoy its warmth and light. I know how you feel about yourself. I’ve been there too. I highly recommend going out and enjoying the sunny weather. Sometimes, staying inside is unhealthy and causes depression. Enjoy life while you can!!"
175999375,Until a thief comes along. Dang thieves.
175999376,"Not nice only counts if you say it out loud, or maliciously and actively try to do this. If it’s an intrusion into your thinking that you recognize and let go, then it’s neutral. And not something that holds shame. Would you consider me a bad person for having judging those I deem as threats when unwell? It’s the same concept. If you don’t like the thoughts, we all know you’re strong enough to fight it."
175999377,So true. 1_PHONE_NO_
175999378,I need to shower. Don’t feel up to it.
175999379,I turned 30 y.o. 2 months ago.
175999380,This doesn’t mean NAC is a bad thing. It helps to detox the body and AP is a kind of toxin to the dopamine system in brain. When NAC try to detox the AP level it reduces APs effectiveness.
175999381,"Just keep writing! It takes years of constant practice to become truly competent with any craft. It’s okay to start out rough, you’re still on your journey, just at the beginning of it."
175999382,I feel safest inside.
175999383,When I took Geodon only at night I had one every day.
175999384,I get sick a lot. I don’t think I’m ever truly well. I have a lot of stomach issues
175999385,"This delusion is a sign that something is wrong. I don’t know the extent of your problems but if you believe that someone is the devil you need a therapist or psychiatrist to discuss it with. Is this “devil thing” the only odd thing you believe? Sorry, I didn’t mean to be insulting by calling it “odd”, I couldn’t think of another word for it. But do you have other beliefs that you have doubts about?"
175999387,"If you take proper care of it, you can grow out the hair on the tail and ears, but everything else needs to be short. If you let it grow too long, he will have trouble eating, drinking, and going to the bathroom."
175999388,"I joined a Political Advocacy Group years ago and one time I saw a proposed law advocating that people with SSI be allowed $20,000 in assets and SSDI $30,000 in assets. So I proposed that people who worked get the high totals, and people who didn’t half in order to give people an “incentive” to work since it’s so easy to go over the limit when you do currently. A new law proposal appeared with $20,000 and $30,000 given to businesses that “hired disabled people” and the other bill apparently was killed. I quit looking at their emails afterward out of disgust."
175999389,I have had plenty of unexplainable things happen. But I also accept that I have an illness because when I go off meds I become ill. I accept that there are unexplainable things out there but also that I’m ill.
175999390,"_AT_MENTION_ Periodically discussing your treatment plan, including your meds, with your medical team is important in case modifications are needed. Due to the current covid situation here in the U.S. with the rapid increase in cases, I would be extremely cautious with doing any treatment modifications that could increase your chances of needing hospitalization. That’s also something worth discussing with your medical team."
175999391,take my meds do my homework get some sleep
174341471,"I think my current psychiatrist likes Zyprexa. She’s suggested it to me a couple of times. Unlike most psychiatrists, my current doctor doesn’t seem to be a big fan of Abilify. I don’t know maybe I’ll give Zyprexa another try. At least it doesn’t raise prolactin significantly"
175999392,"It’s raining. It smells so good, so earthy. I love it."
175999393,I have a babysitter tomorrow night. How shall I spend my night alone?
175999394,"Oh, yes. Her anxiety was quite severe. War is hard on the nerves."
175999395,If you’re in the U.K. then a therapist (unless they’re qualified psychiatrist too) can’t hospitalise you. Usually the paperwork requires drs to sign it as assessed unfit for reality
175999396,"Welcome to the moose parade Where reality is a charade Unplug and witness the true dimensions Or sit at home and watch _NAME_! Cockroach people eat your face! Aliens disseminate the human race! I can take you to a different place! Transdimensional beings erase! Everything we love and hold dear Hold on to your brain, were going third gear! The moose parade is on fire babeeyyy We got some new recruits latelyyyy!! Carnies, cheaters, sinners, and more! Angels, saints, bishops and whores! All are welcome on the moose parade! Where this fabric of reality is just a charade!!"
175999397,"On Sunday I bought a pork joint that will do me till Wednesday . I bought 2 stir fry packs to have some pork with. The other 2 days I was intending to have the pork with sweet potato wedges and microwaveable veg. I’ve been thrown because,bless them, my 2 granddaughters have brought plates of potatoes and veg to have with the pork . It was kind of them but It has thrown me. I will have the second plate with pork today. The stir fry I will have tomorrow as that’s its use by date. That leaves the two packets of microwave veg and the tray of sweet potato wedges. The wedges have a use by date of today and the veg tomorrow and Thursday. I don’t do well adjusting to a change of circumstance. Cognitive flexibility is not a strong point."
175999398,You’re right. I’m 59. It seems just like a short time ago I was thirty-five years old unloading trucks at Sears.
175999399,"have any methods to stop the bad thoughts, im paranoid i take medication but they seem to help a little but not that much. Maybe i need to increase the dosage."
175999400,When I see men following me to tell “No! Stop!” Why would I start yelling at them like that? Everyone tells me they don’t see them. I’d end up taken by the police and would end up in a psych ward. They’re very good at not being noticed by others. And I can tell all I want but it’s not going to stop them.
175999401,"In this experimental book, I took an established poem written by a prominent poet and I put it in italics in its entirety, then I reflected on the poem and wrote a short story to accompany it. I may or may not need the rights to do this, but nope, I don’t. ha."
175999402,When people praise me I don’t reply or I get awkward… I cannot accept their praise or care
175999403,its going to be 106 here in kalifornica today
175999404,"I don’t put on the tv. My sister puts it on when she gets home from work. She binge watches whatever she has a hankering for. She’s trying to get me interested in all the things she’s previously binge watched and liked. So we’ve watched House, The Office, Gilmore Girls, Grey’s Anatomy and now we’re watching Breaking Bad. I start out not interested and end up missing them when they are over. It’s funny how that is. I think The Office is my favorite so far. It’s pretty cute."
175999405,"I am very pissed off tbh, that my sz is soo physical… Really… I feel all shaky and in pain… Yeah, i was diagnosed with somatics and conversion disorder, but i wish it was easier… Plus this is always accompanied with paranoia and anxiety so its hell… All the info around me was jockeying in my head today, i wasnt calm in my mind and i find, that i couldnt think from paranoia… Did you go through physical discomfort because of your sz too? I’ll fight, but wish me luck for the 27th of january, idk how ill do it till the commission, talk to them or even stand on my feet… It would have been easier, but we have problems now in the family …"
174341479,I think it varies depending on the individual. I’ve known of someone who came off meds cold turkey more than once and they are currently not on aps yet feel amotivation. Maybe due to that or just the disease. But I only feel the negatives when I have the ap in my body. I know from experience.
175999406,Yes I can I aim to walk one hour every day except Sunday It helps my state of mind
175999407,"Hello, _AT_MENTION_, Did You Know That _USER_ID_ is a Fan of LCD Soundsystem?."
175999408,Are you _AT_MENTION_ ?
175999409,"I said wait, because usually if I call the doc in a similar situation, they’ll tell me they’re busy and to wait. The only other choice is the emergency room. Lucky if your pdoc can be more flexible than that! But on another note being a little psychotic usually isn’t too bad for me because I tend to have insight. If your pdoc is likely to have earlier openings, though, go for it!"
175999410,"I was relieved when my pdoc diagnosed me with sza. If anything, it just confirmed what other pdocs had told me and what I had suspected all along."
175999411,That’s nobody likes me.
175999412,"Therapy can stir that up a lot. I try to do a lot of stims and listening to relaxing music to calm myself before I sleep. Also, talking to friends help. If you live with someone, have someone know what you are going through. You got this! I also have CPTSD."
175999413,"Do you think that the lead singer from INXS was sorta Christ? I do. The Band was Golden, and stayed. Just like the Outsiders from S.E. Hinton. Our Friends. Stay Golden."
175999414,"Ha ha, love alien sex fiend"
175999415,"_AT_MENTION_, why doesn’t your friend want you there? You have just as much right to be there as she does!"
175999416,Awesomeness!
175999417,"Looking back on it, I think I was having some internal voices very early on. But things didn’t really change until I was about 15 or so-- I would withdraw from friends for a few weeks at a time sometimes. Think my prodromal phase started at 21, but I received an OCD diagnosis at the time. I was 25, I think, when psychosis hit."
175999418,_AT_MENTION_. She’s a nurse of some kind that deals with a lot of mental health stuff in her work
175999419,"The military is always reluctant to pay disability pensions, so they don’t like to take in people with pre-existing conditions. I don’t know myself, but I would bet that they wouldn’t take you if they knew you’re sz. Maybe you should talk to a lawyer about this. I spent four years in the army, and later I applied for a disability pension due to alcoholism. Of course that went over like a ton of lead. But the army should pay disability for alcoholism, because they make alcohol even more cheap and easy to get than it is for people on the outside, but if they did do that it would bankrupt the country. When I was in the army in Germany and in Ft. Hood everyone drank alcoholically. But that was a long time ago, and I’m sure the army has changed since then."
174341482,I take 50 mg to help me sleep.
175999420,I am so sorry. Sz is a tough illness. I hope you feel better soon
175999421,Please recommend some exercises. I find difficulty even to walk sometimes. Since walking is the easiest of all i do that. Any other suggestions?
175999422,Yeah you need to find someone you can work well with. Family groups and other groups are also effective with sz. But of course it’s not really an alternative to medication.
175999423,I call it ‘the machine’ — it programs thoughts n feelings and make you feel made of fake plastic and with microchips and stuff lodged in our face reality feels less real …
175999424,"some truths are harsh but i’d say suffering creates endurance even suffering has a purpose, why do we suffer though? why do we have to endure, why would we want to, whatss the point of it?"
174341489,PubMed Effects of various antipsychotics on driving-related cognitive performance in... The aim of this study was to determine whether the driving-related cognitive performance differs among adults with schizophrenia taking different types of antipsychotics. Neurocognitive performance was assessed using the Cognitive Perceptual...
175999425,"I take 400mg seroquel xr for psychosis, the only med I take and iv’e been stable for years"
175999426,"I remember when I was living on a street known as Lucifer drive. That was when all hell broke loose. I at that time was into Bible Codes and English Gematria. I had just found that GOD in English Gematria, has the numerical value of 156. Anyhow, I had a doctors appointment. So off I went in my car to the doctors office. At an intersection, the light was red. Then I looked at the car ahead of me. The first three numbers on its license plate were the numbers 156. Then off to my right side was a _NAME_ with a phone number on the vans side. The first 3 numbers were 156. Then I thought that I was going to be late for my doctor’s appointment, so I looked at my watch. It was now 1:56."
175999427,"My weight is terrible. I’m 5’9"" and I weigh 256. Oddly enough, it wasn’t the antipsychotics that caused most of the weight gain. It was a blood pressure drug. I ate a lot when I was on that BP med. The antipsychotics have also caused me to gain weight. I’m getting a little worried about having a heart attack or stroke."
175999428,"From webmd : webmd.com PHENIBUT: Overview, Uses, Side Effects, Precautions, Interactions, Dosing and... Learn more about PHENIBUT uses, effectiveness, possible side effects, interactions, dosage, user ratings and products that contain PHENIBUT. Effects When taken by mouth: Phenibut is LIKELY UNSAFE for most people. Phenibut can cause many side effects, including a hangover effect, dizziness, nausea, poor balance, and fatigue. Phenibut in large doses can cause trouble breathing, unconsciousness, and death. Phenibut can cause dependence when taken regularly. People who use phenibut regularly and then stop taking it may experience withdrawal symptoms. These symptoms can include decreased appetite, nausea, muscle aches, fast heart rate, anxiety, agitation, trouble sleeping, and seizures."
175999429,Thanks _PERSON_. Has it got better for you?
175999430,I still get voices from people. I’m considering to try adding amyloban 3399 when I’m sure to have money for it.
175999431,"I am a bit worried i might have an inherited illness my mother has but hope not, i think its just a stress thing but idk, Luckily it was ok with a motorcycle helmet on so didn’t affect my lessons recently."
174341485,"I’m 51, diagnosed at 21. My symptoms are so different now as before I was owhelmemed with positive symptoms and now I am fighting extreme negative symptoms. Still battling though! I want to feel better trying best I can."
175999432,"It’s really difficult with this illness … I feel those who know I have something think I’m odd or weird or ""crazy "" and it really makes me feel worthless."
175999433,"So. To Be Happy. To Feel Happy. To Want to Be Loved. To Giving & Taking. Within The Realistic Approach of Safety. It’s Easy to Lose Sight of Your Pure Goals. The Kind of Modest Joy Felt When Your Mom Would Bake You a Cake For Your Birthday. Or!, The Kind of ‘Happy Birthday’, Wish By a Friend or Relative. Jus Outside of Your Close Proximity. But!, There’s Also a Sense of Sadness, During The Whole Process of Living One More Year. On Thus Strange, Sometimes Troublesome Ground Upon Mother Earth. So Here Are Some Key Points to Setting Your Sights on a Fulfilling State of Happiness. Keep Your Eyes on The Horizon!. Happiness~ ‘The State of Being Happy’. (Easier Said Than Done For Sure, But Keep Your Sneaky Eyes on The Prize. And Don’t Be Too Sneaky). Joy~ ‘A Feeling of Great Pleasure And Happiness’. (Pleasure in Anything Really, Doesn’t Have to Mean Anything Physical. It Could Be a Smile From a Stranger. You Writing a ‘Thank You’ Note to an Olde Friend. Use Your Imagination Yo)!. M
odesty~ ‘The Quality or State of Being Unassuming or Moderate in Estimation of One’s Abilities’. (It Has Been Said, ‘The Meek Shall Inherit The Earth’. Which Jus Means, While The Rest of The World is Seeking Billions of Dollars For Their Strange Contributions to Society, The Humble, Will Sit Patiently, And Wait For The Company of Bird Taking Flight. Near And Far). So. In Added Confirmation Here in Thus Unusually Odd Thread. I Have a Song to Share!. Clinic~ ‘Walking With Thee’. (Song/Video/February 25, 2002). ‘NO’!."
175999434,Have you tried Holy Basil? It does have antipsychotic properties.
175999435,Coming up? I’m on Thursday. I’m not worried yet. Hope yalls go well .
175999436,I’m ok with being fine. I always try to kill myself if I’m delusional for too long so I don’t really like to be symptomatic. Be happy you are in control at this point.
175999437,That is a question for your doctor. I have no idea.
175999438,"Are you able to work, have a gf, go to the gym etc now that you are “off” meds lol?"
175999439,10 years and going strong! _PERSON_…
175999440,"i took trazodone once when i was on geodon and had a bad interaction with my heart, it didnt help me with sleep but nothing really did when i was on geodon"
175999441,"No, my sz disease was like this… My pdoc said it’s not so severe, but quite painful. And my docs now say, that my ap can work even in years… cause me, I was sick for 20 years before the med Tbh, my head and my inner sensations there just got stiffed now, it’s new. I wait for smth like this from the zyprexa tbh… maybe itll work in years finally yeap"
175999442,I went on a sugar free (or as close as I could get it) diet for months when the psychosis began because the voices told me too. No improvement occurred.
174341488,"I still have it even on meds, in my case I think its from negative symptoms which make me unable to realize my dreams so I keep dreaming."
175999443,"Yes I used to play high graphics games like racing, strategy, sports etc. Earlier played console games like playstation by hooking up with TV. Now even thinking of playing such feels so complex and hard. I now play only very simple games like lumosity games, neuronation etc which only takes few minutes to play and finish."
174341490,we will talk on face book … its lockdown here in nepal…
175999444,I looked for data entry but haven’t found it yet. I need to brush up on old skills like Excel to work in an office environment
175999445,I don’t know what to believe anymore. These medications I don’t think do anything. I am only taking them due to chemical dependency
175999446,CNBC – 28 Mar 20 _NAME_ receives approval for test that can detect coronavirus in 5 minutes _NAME_ on Friday announced it received approval for a test that is capable of delivering positive results of the coronavirus in as little as five minutes. This could turn the tide if it was widely available.
175999447,"I’ve had around 50 ect treatment’s and I was a zombie. I couldn’t hold a conversation or think straight. I developed signs of a stroke, I couldn’t even keep my balance. I don’t recommend ect."
175999448,"I only had netflix for couple months i like it, I been watching movies and tvshow especially anime. _PERSON_ currently watching a show called Castlevania, a vampire show pretty good, im on the second season. If you have netflix what do you like to watch?"
174341493,"As usual in all scientific reports related sz,there is no stander determination or definition to a whole unity condition which it was called sz ,instead they always describing a group of isolated independent symptoms,they dealing with sz and its problems as a separated parts not as a whole united phenomenon ,therefore there no absolutely any correct awareness for the nature of sz’s nature ,and the result of this knowledge deficits be translated into using a separated treatment methods in order to target separated symptoms ! Look at what they said"" the world health organisation (Who)describes it as being characterised by distortion in thinking,perception,emotion and language…etc) They talk about a symptoms (diagnostic material ) without corresponding root origin -nothing else The issue does not need to be smart to understand that"
175999449,"I would like to help people with this illness. I have been sick for 58 years. I know my way around the system. I don’t see any openings anywhere for advocacy for the mentally ill. All I see on the Internet are clinical, matter of fact statements aimed at psychiatrists. Mental illness is not an issue with the _PERSON_ administration."
175999450,"Medical News Today It's official: Pets benefit our mental health A systematic review of existing studies lists the many ways in which pets provide people with mental health issues some much-needed comfort. Overall, the review found that pets helped these participants to manage their emotions and offered a distraction from the symptoms of their mental health condition. The pets were perceived as providing unconditional love and support and helping to ease feelings of worry, distress, and loneliness. Additionally, some owners said that their pet forced them to stay connected with the outside world and engage in physical activity. Some pets — such as dogs — were found to encourage social interaction and strengthen community ties. Having a pet also helped the people to keep a strong sense of “identity, self-worth, and existential meaning.” Growing up I loved the family dog and cat. It’s sad when they get older and live 1/5th as long as you. I really would like a dog. Maybe one day."
175999451,69520292_2183391565287118_3892473584135700480_n.jpg 658×960 41.5 KB
175999452,i am bored so i post every drawing i do
175999453,_PERSON_. I try to use it is little as possible though. Just on real bad days. Didnt need it for quite a while.
175999454,I get synchronicities. They’re happening less and less though. I feel more in tune with the actual randomness of what is going on these days.
175999455,"After all, you can’t know for sure that things you’d want would actually make you happier. They say sadness is rooted in desire."
175999456,So what med are you on now ? Are u living with these connecting things symptoms that we have in common ? I don’t even drive becuz of it.
175999457,You should work if you are able to. You can play video games when you come home.
174341487,I had this same problem when my pdoc upped me from 10 mg to 15 and then 20. It went away for me after a couple weeks. Can you hold out that long or is it some affecting your ability to function too much?
175999458,"I’ve thought about enroling in a sociology college. I’ve thought about this last year but I change my interests very quickly. Currently, it’s more about music. Soon it will be something else, for example reading. This wish to go to college was strong last year. Now I hesitate, telling myself that I could very likely fail, or relapse by staying locked in studying. A friend of mine told me about it again, I think she really encourages me to go to college … Knowing that the price of this registration is low here (public college.) , is it not in my interest to try without prejudging what will happen next? It really scares me knowing that I had to stop my studies because of schizophrenia when I was young. There the study path lasts a long time."
175999459,Mine was constant.
175999460,Why should i pay attention? Is it an exam or competition?
175999461,It’s hard. They promoted me to go back to work when I was still coming down off psychosis. I had like 4 weeks holidays up and still it wasn’t the best. All’s I know is that it takes some time to get stable on the meds and working is stress. Stress is hard and promotes symptoms so your losing the game…I’m sure some can do it but I couldn’t. All’s I’d recommend is don’t stuff around and go through your savings. Try to get benefits straight up if possible. I volunteer work these days and it works well for me. No stress. Well mostly.
175999462,"Thanks, and sure! Ill record it a little later today"
175999463,They are evil people trying to control people with stupid inferior lies and ideas.
175999465,I would only use it as a last resort. My opinion is solely based on reading strangers experiences on the internet though.
175999466,"_AT_MENTION_ Normally, when I see posts/comments like this I automatically assume that it was written in order to impress somebody. I hope you’re not trying to impress anybody on a SZ board lol. _AT_MENTION_ _PERSON_ (sorry if I use him alot, he’s my personal hero) was raised by a single woman and 2 older sisters who were older than him. He had no male role models for more than half of his short life. This shows through his prolific “Thug Life” a.k.a “Fck b*itches, get money” persona. Males need a strong male role model(s) because males were closely with their mothers and learn everything about women through them. (This post might seem a bit confusing but try to understand it) _AT_MENTION_ I’m with you on this one dude. I haven’t noticed anything other than this specific post. It seems like _AT_MENTION_ was screaming at a wall in hopes of impressing/attracting the bystanders nearby. (No offense dude, but it really seems like it) _AT_MENTION_ Why is beauty so important to males ? Wel
l, when you have magazines like Playboy (among others) it’s easy to fall amongst the pleasure of an attractive woman. But hey, don’t blame us for thinking beauty is important; blame the magazines that make the attractive women pop out, which in turn get idolized by the little girls of our generations. _AT_MENTION_ I really like your post dude, it seems like the only honest and good one on this thread."
175999467,No I haven’t stopped taking them.
175999468,"talk to your primary health care dr. he might run test and give some meds for it, but if your not sleeping as well go to a hospital. you might need more than advice from me or from in here."
175999469,Verywell Mind Is It Possible to Overcome Implicit Bias? An implicit bias is an unconscious belief about a group of people. Learn more about how these biases form and what you can do to prevent them.
175999470,"Wen I feel bad I get scared that its gonna turn into psychosis if I let it linger. I try to change my thinking patterns. I don’t always remember. Its easy to get carried away in habitual bad thinking patterns. Diet, water wen I’m still hungry instead of a binge, exercise, which includes walking in the park in the mornings I love the after feel, (not the same as jogging but still good), texting my friend wen I’m feeling the need to, continual learning to feel a better understanding, positive affirmations I don’t look at them daily but I do from time to time and try and bring some up on a daily basis like it’s OK to do things in baby steps and comparison is unhealthy stuuf like that…"
175999471,Why don’t you think the cameras are necessary? And I don’t know if I have a major mental illness. Just a camera in me.
175999472,"I need to take my medicine now, but I don’t want to go upstairs, because I am stressed…and I’m tired, like sleepy tired lol lol."
175999473,I think this. You are alive and thinking of your problems. I think you are suffering. Thought for me seems to take effort. Sometimes I feel restricted and can’t think. Then I just _USER_ID_ notes on a pad of paper.
175999474,"Thanks for sharing your experience in weight loss. That is very inspiring. I have been very careful about what I eat since I started taking AP’s about ten years ago. But I still got a little weight gain. I was about 50 kg before I took AP’s. Now I am between 55-58kg. In winter it is around 58kg, in summer it is around 55kg."
175999475,Never mind yes they can cause light headed ness
175999476,Trauma varies from individual. Ptsd can manifest after any traumatic event or prolonged exposure to stress.
175999477,Thanks to everyone who replied — this actually shed some light on what i’ve been going through for the past year & i will certainly seek help for it.
175999478,good to hear appiontment went good doesnt your mom have mobility issues?
175999479,Very interesting. Only about 30% were without any registered comorbid condition.
175999480,I sometimes annoy scammers by telling them that I am a cop. They stop responding afterward lol
175999481,"When I hurt myself, I am the same person who hurt me. I am not myself then."
175999482,image828×1792 165 KB This!! I thought I was the beesknees with my _USER_ID_ keyboard
175999483,"Anytime bro. You are not alone in this problem. I think with the rise and easier access because of the internet, it has become a problem with many young men."
175999484,"I hear voices all the time, sometimes more, sometimes less. But I take my meds everyday, so I rarely respond. For the most part I just ignore them."
175999485,An employee in my father’s workplace showed symptoms today. The whole company is in panic.
175999486,"True, taking a pill to make me sane has reduced my self confidence. I can’t naturally trust my mind anymore. I have to rely on a pill artificially."
174341496,"Haha, no, not at all. If anything I believe the opposite."
175999487,"He bought coke from them. I was strong enough to refuse my friend’s coke, he kept telling me to try it. I would go into instant psychosis if I did."
175999488,"I do like people in general, i like to give people the benefit of the doubt, i am a very laid back kinda of a guy really, i like calmness!"
175999489,Try these forums. They are specifically Australian and the Sane charity do good work. https://www.sane.org/ …This website is US based.
175999490,"Yes i have taken painkillers in a low dose on AP. Codeine, tramadol etc… No problem, but take care of addiction. And follow the instructions the doctor said, of course, and don’t take it for a long period."
175999491,More than anything else. I found that out to be futile.
175999492,does akesthisia go away?
175999493,What was your experience with them?
175999494,i used to be on zyprexa but had to change meds
175999495,"I was put on Haldol 5mg twice a day in the hospital, I’ve been on haldol before and it worked well but I just wanted to see other people’s experiences."
175999496,"My psych thought the meds, the various meds, would have worked better if I did not drink two pots of coffee a day. I had to convince her that the coffee was the only thing keeping me from falling asleep all the time. Maybe If I would have given that up, the cheaper meds would have worked better."
175999497,I chose my next AP based on statements here and a little research.
174341504,"Hey everybody, I have been having a hard time lately with making it through my work days. I was off for a month due to COVID, half of that time was just because the testing policy said to have 2 back to back negative tests in 24 hours and I was still testing positive until they changed their policy and I was able to go back. I don’t know for sure if it is me having more cognitive symptoms than I used to have or if my new medication, Viibryd, is the cause of my difficulty thinking but I am having a hard time doing this. I keep thinking maybe I need to throw in the towel but I also have bills and kids to support. My memory is terrible and I don’t know that there is anything I can do to change that, it is very frustrating. We can’t really work together anymore with other coworkers due to social distancing so that makes me feel even more hopeless, I just don’t know what to do and I have no idea what I am even typing this out for, I just want to feel confident but I don’t think I have the abil
ities I used to have to be able to continue on. I have been faking this as long as I can but I am just not who I used to be and I don’t think I have a mind good enough to do anything else really. I hate schizophrenia and I hate depression and I hate anxiety."
175999498,Never mind i read wrong… It is my lacking english skills…I tought you meant you saw too little miracles happening…but you mean the world is filled with little daily miracles… I fully agree!
175999499,I’m glad you turned it off. News can cause a lot of stress
174341502,I are some potato salad at a picnic that had been sitting out in the sun too long.
175999500,I like it roasted or steamed with garlic salt.
175999501,"AP’s got rid of most of my delusions and paranoia. I still get breaktrough symptoms. I have some serious concentration/cognitive issues. But… If it weren’t for AP’s, I wouldn’t be alive today."
175999502,"Could you perhaps elaborate on how you experience said psychosis, and which aspects of it gets worse when you go for walks? It’s hard to give advice with little to no information"
175999503,"Yesterday I went with my father to the pdoc. When he was parking the car I felt I had seen the same thing over and over, when he talked to me, I felt the same, when he went to buy something, I had seen it before, after the appointment when a woman was waiting for us to go away in order to put her car in the same spot, I had seen it before. I had seen all these before and this _NAME_ lasted for an hour"
175999504,The brand name is kemedrin
175999505,"o man that sucks, i guess i guess im going to be vaper for life then."
175999506,I’m sorry you’re struggling so much. This is a good forum and people here support you
175999507,I thought about going to NA after my speed usage caused another psychotic break. I quit on my own though and I havn’t needed that level of support thankfully.
175999508,why whats it like without it?
175999509,"I suffer from this too. That’s how you describe it. One thing i notice is that the tongue moves all the time like i’m really talking, but i’m really just thinking."
175999510,Have you considered taking yourself to the hospital?
175999511,If you can’t get a psychologist directly ask your psychiatrist or dr to refer you to one.
175999512,"In developing countries people probably have more social support and it’s a sink or swim life there in general. In developed countries there’s more chance to isolate, sit around, take it easy and watch tv, which might contribute to a poorer prognosis. I did farming work with sheep with my father for most of my midlife and the challenge of it kept me from deteriorating too much."
175999513,"Saw a GP . It’s much ado about nothing,or at least that’s the impression I got . He doesn’t think it’s neurological . His reckoning is that is very likely due to muscle weakness,as a result of inactivity. It was typical sod’s law, as can perversely happen when you visit a doctor, that one of the things being tested, my balance, was better than it’s usually been recently. Physiotherapy has been recommended and my stepdaughter is going to make a chiropodist’s appointment for me re my back pain ."
175999514,I don’t know how to die yet. The universe will end with my sacrifice.
175999515,Being jailed in a special _NAME_ classroom where most people are studying material 1-4 grade levels below their actual grade and you being above average and getting bored of it I was perceived as entitled because of this…s i g h
175999516,"Well, I pretty much take care of myself but I have my sisters for support. I think I can get by."
175999517,"No , ketoprofen But I changed my mind I only take paracetamol"
175999518,"I was a .50 cal _NAME_, overseas."
175999519,I’m not that active.
175999520,"en.m.wikipedia.org Information overload Information overload (also known as infobesity, infoxication, information anxiety, and information explosion) is the difficulty in understanding an issue and effectively making decisions when one has too much information about that issue. Generally, the term is associated with the excessive quantity of daily information. Information overload most likely originated from information theory, which are studies in the storage, preservation, communication, compression, and extraction Information overl..."
175999521,Awesome! I’m gonna try to volunteer at hospice. I expect to learn a lot.
175999522,"I’m on one year AP free, but they didn’t work anyway so we decided it’s ok for me right now. Still waiting for info for lumateperone to reach my pdoc, she can’t get any info until a rep comes to them, the company doesn’t allow her own research. She’s bringing it up next Thursday to her bosses at the clinic and provider meeting, she’s gonna push for a change in stupid policy. We couldn’t even start reauthorize papers for it because her drug index says no such thing restricted."
175999523,You’re not a demon
175999524,Sounds good keep moving forward buddy you’ll be successful one day.
175999525,"Try almond milk and se if you like it. You can’t cook with it, but it’s a great sub. Comes with different levels of sweetness too, so you can watch your sugar."
175999526,"Because you would not willfully be doing anything Well, don’t look at them silly"
175999527,"That’s scary. I’m glad you’re okay. I know three people who have survived heart attacks, one has a stint, another has multiple stints, and the other guy has something he called a birdcage. I’ve never known anybody who has died from a heart attack. I’d just follow the doctor’s advice and be extra careful in the future… something like that would probably make me even change my diet if the doctor said to even though that is usually a hard sell for me."
175999528,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175999529,This too shall pass.
174341506,You are a good ambassador for schizophrenia _AT_MENTION_ . I’m glad your voices stopped telling you to embarrass yourself in public or you just quit mentioning it.
175999530,I once took strattera 40 mg and soon after taking it i feel anxious I felt like each word I speak must be carefully thought or analyzed before speaking as people who hear it think bad about me and these kind of negative thoughts start to overwhelm me which made me almost mute.
175999531,Hope you can get it sorted out soon and don’t relapse
175999532,My husband Books Coffee Prayer
175999533,I’m more brave and talkative in the cyber world.
175999534,Thankyou that’s kind of you
175999535,They said yes to flexi time
175999536,Okay thanks for your feedback
175999537,"I feel like before I got sz and started medication I could rely on a instinctive reasonabilty to navigate in my life. Post meds and sz I feel like I have to rely on a theoretical reasonability, like navigating from memory the way it was before. Does this make sense?"
175999538,"are you dutch, _AT_MENTION_ ?"
175999539,"I’m tellin ya mane, Saucony is the shoe. About 43 dolla."
175999540,not very well
174341503,"I can tell you the reason why they gave you meds and you are actually worse off, isn’t because of the meds. It is because your schizophrenia is getting worse over time and you start to take new meds. The meds aren’t helping, so your schizophrenia gets worse and worse. And here you are today, not being able to focus to speak or listen well. This is all because your schizophrenia isn’t being treated properly."
175999541,Sorry to hear she’s gone. I would not be able to have a normal life without my mom even though she can have a mean streak
174341508,"No, not all the time."
175999542,"may not be anxiety, but PTSD, or both. I was taking 4 pills for anxiety at one point. you can get a certain therapy for PTSD, but these therapists are hard to find. sounds like you’re having flashbacks, that must be awful. sorry."
175999543,All in due time.
175999544,"en.m.wikipedia.org Moral development Moral development focuses on the emergence, change, and understanding of morality from infancy through adulthood. Morality develops across a lifetime and is influenced by an individual's experiences and their behavior when faced with moral issues through different periods' physical and cognitive development. In short, morality concerns an individual's growing sense of what is right and wrong; it is for this reason that young children have different moral judgement and character than that of a No..."
174341518,"I wish my psychiatrists “got it wrong”. It would give me an excuse to try going off my meds. But I’m pretty sure, even at the age I was diagnosed, they got it right. I’m pretty sure I had schizophrenic symptoms going on way before that but I didn’t really start going psychotic until like 40 and they finally diagnosed me at like 42."
175999545,I am med compliant I took my meds every day when I was at the psych ward
175999546,try taking deep clam breathes … Now try to focus on something different. And then contact you psyc doctor / Mental health professioinal.
175999547,I wish I had had a ‘choice’ whether to be born or not. that’s about as far as it goes with any thought of suicide.
175999548,"PubMed Central (PMC) Psychiatry movie club: A novel way to teach psychiatry For decades, films across the world have entertained people and affected their attitudes regarding certain issues and conditions. Documentary films have been used by governments in different parts of the world to educate the general public and... https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3221185/bin/IJPsy-53-258-g001.jpg ” alt=""An external file that holds a picture, illustration, etc. I haven’t heard of some of these movies. Really the only thing I know is that _NAME_ was delusional in 12 Monkeys, but there was actual time travel, (i guess). With _NAME_ character. In K-Pax I think _NAME_ was an alien. Don’t remember exactly. _NAME_ played an excellent part in As Good as it Gets. He was a grump but hilarious."
175999549,Meditate on this _AT_MENTION_ . I can do all things in CT because he strengthens me.
175999550,They tell me that iam gonna drown and get eaten by dogs cuz I masterbate which i stopped but i cant quit smoking if tried every morning with no avail
175999551,Is the part that processes speech? When I had my psychotic break the left part of my head exploded and it still hurts today
175999552,I thought you were looking into hobbies?
175999553,I’m taking meds 19 years… Chemical _NAME_ is my _NAME_ name 444
175999554,"Yeah, I have a TBI from being thrown into a brick wall. I had to go to speech therapy and vestibular therapy."
175999555,Dont be afraid nothing bad is going to happen
174341517,"Ok, thanks!!! _PERSON_, in fact I was going really mad on bigger doses and I really tried the aps for 10 years, nothing worked on this in fact… My doc was saying that my sz is mostly with negative symptoms, but I have a bit of paranoia too. I was diagnosed with conversion disorder too… You know, I sometimes start to drag my feet when I am around my mom, cause I get overwhelmed by so many info and the pressure to be social… I spent the last 20 years in isolation, so it wont be easy I guess. In fact my doc was ok to lower my dose and now I try a lower dose of Zyprexa, yeap. I don’t count on the meds so much for my case anymore… They never helped me to start going out more or smth else … The problem is, that I somatize since kid and I am scared to be with these body sensations since kiddo… But I guess now I am wiser and willing to fight… But I should change my thinking too, be more positive also… But yeah, before I was attributing those physical symptoms to the sz, but it looks like 
some other symptom… Maybe for my case, paranoia and anxiety both… I have some ill friends irl and they don’t have physical symptoms… Do you think, that I can get rid of this, even if I was having this since kiddo? yayk… And why a lower dose of an ap _AT_MENTION_ ? Yeah, I went stiffed and very depressed on a bigger ones…"
175999556,Congratulations leaf !
175999557,I’ve seen shadow people that run through walls and hear voices occasionally but now I can’t tell what they are saying. It’s all pretty much gone away due to meds.
175999558,"I wish I could, but I had surgery recently and I’m not allowed to. I plan on doing some bodyweight exercises soon and start going to the gym again in a week and a half."
175999559,Mine is good. He let’s me do what I want.
175999560,I’ve never attempted to switch. I’ve tried lowering my invega several times and my aggression towards my family would always come back. I’m considering alternatives right now instead of invega. I’m interested in a new drug called caplyta. I might ask my pdoc next time I see him about that or latuda.
175999561,"_AT_MENTION_ in the case the universe is a creation of an evil demon… If you had the great privilege of talking to it (as an ambassador of humankind) and, supposing that the evil demon is a proud creature, and willing to answer your questions with some degree of sincerity… What are the questions you would like to formulate?"
175999562,Oh. Your poll is the type where you need at least two answers to vote. Do you want me to fix it for you?
174341515,"Dopamine, norepinephrine etc alone can’t cause psychosis or any positive symptoms. These can act as fuel for it but not cause it. To give an illustration consider you have a faulty car like poor brakes. The car will not crash as long as there is no fuel to run but if put fuel and start engine it can crash. In the same way faulty car is faulty brain and fuel is dopamine, norepinephrine etc. One way to prevent crash is by not fueling the faulty car. Antispychotics also does the same reduces fuel or dopamine to prevent positive symptoms."
175999563,"What my mind is like while I’m being studied by aliens as a brain model. My brain is like the alien trying to reinvent the wheel of nature of the human mind without doing extensive comprehensive comparative studies of the human brain while it works with my thinking, emotions and various neurological functioning while it studies it’s own creation. This would include how it interacts with me among with various subjects and beliefs in human society."
175999564,"I would like to especially note the lack of any crack across the top. Contrary to my aunt’s advice, a crack is NOT how you tell a cheesecake is done. It’s how you tell it’s overdone."
175999565,"I did it for 11 years. I didn’t notice a difference on my hallucinations, but it did wonders for my migraines and my OCD. I no longer have an OCD diagnosis because my symptoms went away. It worked immediately after the first treatment, and lasted about a week at first, but the longer I did it the longer the effects lasted. Now, I think they are permanent. The only side effect was that it gave me a migraine if I tried to push myself to go for too long. But that never happened when I was with a practitioner, only when I did it on my own at home."
175999566,These are all photoshop style … So the characters can be graphics from the web even… I buy some graphics rights from a website for my backgrounds and stuff.
174341519,You can try Abilify but watchout for the side effects I named.
175999567,I believe in God. 151515
175999568,I’m just trying not to lapse into a depression or start getting borderline and do wreckless things because I’m lost and never had a future.
175999569,I don’t handle living alone very well.
175999570,"Haven’t been literally homeless, but I’ve slept in abandoned/construction houses, broke into cars/school buses, stairwells, closed malls etc. Like, I’ve never slept on the street before."
175999571,Nice _AT_MENTION_ . Are you doing a story based on your life?
175999572,Tap out means give up and let the illness win. I can’t take it anymore something has to give
175999573,or did the emoji all just get bigger?
175999574,"Did you report this to your psychiatrist? If you’re having issues with your mood, your psychiatrist should know about it and be able to help. Have you tried any other meds other than seroquel?"
175999575,"Don’t have a clue about the needs of a baby. Probably just glad the pain of birthing is over with. But, I still wish the doctor had let me die."
175999576,I do too. And diamond is my birthstone.
175999577,"Yeah, you don’t want to startle these, they’re one of the mellowest animals but everybody had a breaking point."
174341523,The provincial government recently released how to seclude people with schizophrenia/severe mental illness… what on earth are they thinking? (I swear this is not a delusion- there is an official article from the government of seoul)
175999578,"I have been hoping to get an electric since i even got my license but prices are high range is low and recharge is slow, all things that can be improved, Ebikes are cool too i was thinking bout getting one of those and i can fold it away and charge it easily. it would be for the cycle ways, its still expensive though, the ebike is nearly as expensive as the electric motorbike is saw"
175999579,What do you mean
175999580,"Yeah sounds dodgy - years ago when i was waiting for a first appointment i actually got my Queitiapine off the Dark Web. It was a neccessity. I was sick of presenting myself at A+E to basically being told to bog off by the paramedic, cos i actually wasnt diagnosed then. The bastards would have let me go crazy without drugs - so i took it upon myself to get my own. Surprise Surpise - It was finally picked up by the NHS as to why the bloody hell i wasnt seen sooner. Bit bloody wrong giving it without consent tho. Well Dodgy."
175999581,"When I had voices they told me I’m ugly inside and out and that I’m too ugly to be seen so I’m not aloud to leave the apartment because someone might see how ugly I am. (I was bullied as a child and teen for being ugly) I also heard moans, gunshots, screams and incredibly hurtful other things . So happy I don’t have voices anymore. I felt I was being tortured. I could never relax. It was 24/7 . Only time I didn’t hear them is when I was incredibly drunk or asleep."
175999582,"At least it will be good practice filling out a job application. And you may get the job, you never really know. For some odd reason I’m really good in interviews, but I still can never tell for sure in the interview whether I got the job or not . A lot of factors play into getting a job. Sometimes, a big part of acing an interview is simply if they like you. Another factor can be your overall attitude. Having a good attitude is so important in getting a job. (And keeping it)! When you (or anyone) fill out an application, the most basic thing is to fill it out neatly and clearly. I know that many businesses have online applications but if you get a paper application take your time and fill it out neatly and completely. If a prospective employer is looking through a stack or applications and sees one with mistakes and messy writing it’s very possible he’ll toss it or ignore it. I haven’t had to fill out an application in years but my tried and true method when I used to fill out applications 
was when they ask what hours I am willing to work I say “any”. On applications, they ask what hours you are available to work and on what days. I always say I’m available for any shift, on any day. It just looks good, it shows your boss you really care about doing good and that you will be dedicated to the job and you are a willing worker among other things. Another trick I always use is when they ask when I’m available to start I usually write down a date that is just two or three days away. I only do this if I am unemployed at the time. It just makes me look eager and ready to go."
175999583,Miss America Pageant: 2020 Nightgown Competition.
175999584,Pretty much. I joke around with my sisters or at work or with cashiers or any other opportunities and they all laugh.
175999585,"Mine all told me their names themselves. One recently did, after I’ve had him for 20 years and only known him as “The Priest”. I know a guy whose voices refused to name themselves, so he did, and I know a girl whose voices refuse to name themselves AND they forbid her from giving them names. So I’m curious how it works for others. Also, mine are _NAME_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, The Priest _PERSON_), and The Audience."
175999586,Mark _PERSON_ uses insulation tape by the looks of it and I can only assume he knows more than me about it
175999587,"Of course not. I need everyone, at least everyone human, to feel happy. Animals too."
175999588,i don’t think you are selfish though _AT_MENTION_ but it’s nice poem
175999589,"I don’t believe this theory, how could a projection of myself have thoughts and experiences so different from mine? How could a projection of myself teach me something new? If we accept the common sense explanation of ourselves it is obvious that these things come from an external source."
175999590,"I’ll pray for her soul, she in heaven now with god. She finally in peace."
175999591,yea finding friends when you have sz is hard… keeping them even harder i think.
175999592,"Journal of Neuroscience – 2 Dec 20 L-Theanine Prevents Long-Term Affective and Cognitive Side-Effects of... Chronic adolescent exposure to ?-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is linked to elevated neuropsychiatric risk and induces neuronal, molecular and behavioural abnormalities resembling neuropsychiatric endophenotypes. Previous evidence has revealed that..."
175999593,No. I need to have friends in my life
175999594,"This is such an important thing that I don’t think a lot of people realize. Even if what’s happening isn’t real doesn’t make the fear or the experience not real. It’s still scary and it’s real to us, so when people say “it’s not real” isn’t calming, it’s just straight up invalidating."
175999595,do you know why it isnt approved already?
175999596,I just got out now the doctor prescribed me some pain killers and muscle relaxers.
175999597,wrong.they dont prescibe benzos.here in australia they loooove the antisycotics.
175999598,The only thing wrong with porn is that you don’t accept there is nothing wrong with porn. It probably has to do with guilt. Some people even feel that way after sex. That’s my 2 cents anyway.
175999599,I love moo shoo pork. I also like Mediterranean food
175999600,Because I’m able to acknowledge it when questioned I’m not sure it does feel a lot like paranoia.
174341521,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Obstetric outcomes for women with severe mental illness: 10 years of experience in a tertiary multidisciplinary antenatal clinic. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and A _PERSON_, Archives of gynecology and obstetrics , Aug 2019 13 This study aims to describe 10 years of antenatal care and outcomes for women with a severe mental illness (SMI).A retrospective cohort study of 420 completed pregnancy records over the last 10 years (2007-2017). Findings were compared to the Western Australian (WA) pregnancy data. Antenatal attendance, demographic, obstetric, neonatal and psychosocial variables were analysed using t tests, ?2, ANOVA and odds ratio (OR).Overall, women with a SMI had high rates of comorbidity (47%), antenatal complications, and preterm birth at 12.6% compared to WA mothers (p?"
175999601,I feel things pretty deeply for better or worse but I was raised to never express feelings so I can seem okay when I’m actually far from it.
175999602,2 months shy of 7 years with sz. But some symptoms were present long before the onset.
175999603,Have coffee with a friend and talk about your problems
175999604,I think when I was psychotic I felt a universal oneness. It was amazing at first but then became horrible as everybody was speaking about my problems (hallucinations) Mystics feel a universal oneness and they enjoy it. They don’t suffer from it
175999605,"Its not real, truth is always respectful and doesn’t rape your mind this way,"
175999606,I’m so happy 4 u!
175999607,I will go off the shot when I get out of the ward
175999608,"First of all, that’s super offensive: Second, You’re suffering some very serious and dangerous delusions. You need to explain these to your doctor so you can get proper car. Your car is not evil, There’s no poison in your food, The police are not after you."
175999609,By the _AT_MENTION_ I don’t mean any offense to your topic! Just bored is all
175999610,You didn’t gain any weight on antipsychotics?
175999611,"Mine lasted a couple of years. He was a born infidel and I saw him after he married, too. Really, the whole experience wrecked my health."
175999612,Thinking about the future always drives me bananas!
175999613,I was in a study for ADHD meds as a child. It was horrible I don’t remember much about it though.
175999614,If you can’t shower change your shirt. The dirt will rub off on the new shirt and make you a little cleaner
175999615,I was on Invega 234 mg shots a few years ago. I start Zyprexa tonight.
175999616,"Oh my God I’m extremely manic for the last month! I’ve spent $1300!!! I’m broke! But I don’t have to pay rent next month so that’s great! Ive slept a max of 3 hours per night, and some not at all! Right now I’m going on 72 hours no sleep! My psych suggested I need to go back on zyprexa and up my lamictal. Does zyprexa help with mania? I see her next week. I hate sleeping pills I don’t want to take them. I fractured a vertebrae in my lower back so I have some pain killers and flexeril which have calmed me some. I have worn out the carpet between my television and chair from pacing back and forth for hours. Its 4:30 am now and if it wasn’t dark I would mow my lawn and maybe run a marathon (well maybe not that). Okay I’ll stop now!"
175999617,"_AT_MENTION_ Thank you for responding! I’m so sorry the risperidone is making things worse! I can’t take ADs for the same reason! May I ask, how do you manage through the symptoms on your own?"
174341533,"I take clozapine and haldol, and the last time I was in hospital they put me on abilfy for side effects but i’m not sure why"
175999618,"Okay folks, if you are looking for a significant other that also has a mental illness. Go to www.nolongerlonely.com and search for some interesting people."
175999619,"Thats bad, in which country do you live in? Some hospitald in Lithuania is a dedicated room for smoking. We are also allowed to put on our shoes to go outside and we wear our own clothes"
175999620,310€ per month. Not good but better than nothing
175999621,Cool I’m vaping Raspberry _USER_ID_ now Ordered a load of flavours - got Apple blow and Citrus Lemon too
174341539,"I don’t trust my new pdoc. He said to me that diagnoses change. If my diagnosis of Paranoid Schizophrenia is changed, I will be absolutely furious with the mental health system. That is effectively telling me I have been taking Anti-Psychotics for nothing for years - just because this new guy comes in and changes what other doctors have all been very straight with me in regards to diagnosis"
175999622,"I’m having some anxiety about the future And I want to know if anyone knows/does any part time jobs from home? If so, what can you recommend me, from home I feel like I can do any job. Please free to share Thank you _PERSON_"
175999623,Yeah same here lol just hang a dumbbell off of it for an hour a day lol
174341531,No supplement or stimulant can help with negatives. I think that they subside on their own. My negatives come in waves. There’s nothing I can do.
175999624,"What really, you wont like eat a awesome meal or anything, drink. okay."
175999625,"It isnt just therapy, it is more than that, we have groups and activities but we all work together to keep the place running and it gives us a sense of purpose and well being, there is so much more than that it really is hard to explain."
175999626,Thanks in advance for your replies.
175999627,I think you should get a car or better yet your own place.
175999628,Of course it doesn’t matter to him. He gets to go home to his mansion and romp on his old lady anytime he wants. As long as he gets his rocks off for an hour every night he ain’t going to worry about anyone else.
175999629,How can I stop this irrational thought? Do you ever feel watched by cameras or spirits etc.?
174341529,Reading this article has got me thinking that I’m probably not as quick upstairs as I used to be. It could be the illness or it could be a result of over a decade on anti psychotics. What do you guys think? National Empowerment Center – 11 Sep 17 Significant Loss of Brain Tissue as a Result of Antipsychotics Antipsychotics may not arrest the pathophysiologic processes underlying schizophrenia and may even aggravate progressive brain tissue volume reductions.
175999630,_PERSON_. _PHONE_NO_
175999631,My mind is a jealous mind She wants to keep me for herself She’ll talk to me till end of time She doesn’t want me to have any to myself When a woman comes and goes Because I’m too preoccupied My mind we’ll take up her voice And pretend to be mine I didn’t want to live with my mind Until I was told I have no choice So I took my medicine knowing That I’d still hear her voice So sometimes now that we are older I have some time to myself occasionally But I know I can’t disown her So if you see me alone talking to myself Don’t be concerned that I have never married I have actually been married almost 28 years To a wife you cannot see
175999632,Your posts are interesting. I hope you stay with us.
175999633,I did graduate a 90 credits university program while on Abilify but my grades sucked at the end. I would have never graduated if I wasn’t on Abilify.
175999634,I’ve been lead on by pretenders all my life. When I’m I going to realize when someone is not being real?
175999635,If you want friends join a gym. They will give you NO CHOICE but to talk to them. I hear AA is kind of like that too.
175999636,My last run-in with the police was when my mom got an Order of Protection and had the County Deputies put me out of her house. They gave me 15 minutes to get my stuff together and get out. I complied and left and didn’t have any trouble.
175999637,All the time. 24/7.
175999638,i take procyclidine that must be another one
175999639,I have to take the bus to the pdoc today for a shot. Hope nobody on the bus has the virus.
175999640,I get the muscle cramps to especially at night. My pdoc told me it was cause I wasn’t drink enough water or getting enough iron. Try eating a banana and stretching when you get the muscle cramps
174341536,That’s great. Lakes bring peace of mind
175999641,Good morning _PERSON_!
175999642,"No, I’m bored out of my skull after the first week. Of course we didn’t have WiFi or Netflix in the hospital the last time I was in one. There was one TV and the gaggle of neurotic women had control of it."
175999643,"I’m about 80 to 100lbs overweight, but I guess I have good weight distribution because I don’t look as big as I am."
175999644,Cariprazine yay and lyme meds
175999645,"I’ve heard of this before that neuroinflammation may cause symptoms of mental illness. I take _PERSON_ and believe it has neuro -protective benefits. I say this because my judgment and my memory have improved while on it. I can’t say I’m back to the way I was before I became ill but after suffering several bouts of psychosis, I’m happy to say that my brain is functioning better than it did while psychotic. I have taken Abilify for three years continually now. My brain’s function has improved slowly but surely. I work now as a teacher online. It has helped that my brain is functioning much better. But, I still have to focus really hard to remember things that I did not pay attention to memorizing. But, I attribute this to my age more than my illness. I think that it is important to take my medication because it does help with my cognitive abilities. I can attest that the reason I’m able to work/teach is because my brain is functioning better than it used to. I teach healthcare profession
als who are not easy to please and are serious about their learning. I know if I am incoherent or discombobulated in some way, they will pick up on this and complain about me. But, so far, all is well!!"
175999646,"Viruses shouldn’t even exist, what do they provide? I mean they’re not even alive, it’s not like they’re living things doing what they need to survive, that I could understand."
175999647,I do alot of this stuff with him he hardly ever does it himself I just cant be alone
175999648,"Because they don’t live in the hospital, they live in homes in the community. They have to shop and run errands and live their lives like the rest of us. Doesn’t sound like you’re processing well. I’d suggest talking to your doctor about a med adjustment."
175999649,Never mind. _PHONE_NO_
175999650,"I’m working more than I should, drinking more coffee than I should, sleeping less than I should and eating way less than I should. But I’ve started doing art and reading books again, so I got that going for me"
175999651,"I don’t have a therapist. Well, I sort of do. I have my first appointment in a week or two. But I haven’t had one for about 2 years."
175999652,"Theres a certain person who i thought was gaslighting me and trying to send me crazy when my voices first started i also thought the were going to harm me. One night i had bad voices that sounded like this person plotting to come in my house at 3.30 am i thought they were going to kidnap and tourture me i got a knife to protect myself as i had been waking people up for two weeks around this time thinking this so the whole family was pissed off at me so i didnt want to bother them again. Then i heard the gate open and froze with fear then the front door opened i couldent see who it was , i was so scared i screamed get out and held the knife infront of me , then my brothers voice said what the hell is your problem and i realised it was him . He lives with us and he’d been out with friends and i had no idea i went and got help very soon after. If i had not of froze i would have stabbed him. I was beyond sure at the time that whoever was coming through that door was coming to get me. I still feel so 
awful for it."
175999653,"I feel so stupid because I can not find this hidden camera in me, yet the country is watching me somehow."
175999654,"t hey ask me to try and see if i would like to be one, after 6 class i toke the test online and made a 76 score to low to pass after the review i found out i was distrusting with types of mental ill people. so i felt wasn’t the one for the job. ps these days it more paper work and phone less one on one contact."
175999655,I don’t know if I’ve ever felt this for a man but I have with my kids.
175999656,I no sold anything but still will keep it.up
175999657,It’s easy to think the worst when you have symptoms. Wait till the results of the x-ray . I’m sure everything will be ok.
175999658,"It may be reasonable, you say?"
175999659,My day has been productive … got some exercise and a walk in so far
175999660,"The treatment of the mentally ill has really progressed since the eighties, thankfully."
175999661,"Stuttering must be so frustrating. Sometimes different meds can make that worse. Write a note to your dr, and bring it in for your next appointment. That way you can get your point across and see what they say"
175999662,It sure would be good if the pdoc checked it out
175999663,"You need to keep trying, habits take a while to take effect. One thing I found is that when I started spending more energy, I slept less after a while because I became more naturally tired and my sleep was more efficient. This lead me to be less tired during the day. I’m not saying it’s easy, or that you’ll see a noticeable change tomorrow. But you need to try and not get stuck on “I can’t”"
174341543,His response! “You can still drive right. I was hoping to go out to eat.” lmao
174341537,"The voices I hear say they can make people around me hallucinate, and schizophrenic. Is that possible?"
174341540,How does it taste?
175999664,Well done you. I still get the odd cricket award at our end of season get togethers! I’m proud to accept them. I still try hard every week and it’s nice to be recognized. It really is. Congratulations on a good effort anyways matey!
175999665,"What did you do? mine was like a second Christmas, I think this New year was better than my Christmas, i set the table for 6 of usm the food was great and pudding, after we had a good game of QI and it was really funny."
175999666,_AT_MENTION_. You can’t just plug in x=1 into the original equation because you get 0/0 which is NAN (not a number). _AT_MENTION_-Cotton has solved it correctly. You end up with (sqrt(4x+5)+3)/4 and then you can plug in x=1 and solve the equation and you get 1.5. See the plot of the function below. Screenshot_2020-08-21-17-03-30_kindlephoto-16375754800×944 68.1 KB
175999667,"You’ll also want one of these. Another thing to talk to you’re therapist about. It’s weird sleeping on it for the first few nights. But you get used to it. I’ve been using this particular pillow for 10 years. I showed it to my step-dad and he uses it too. It also fixed his neck problems. You’ll want at least the ‘standard’ size. I get mine on Amazon. Anyway… I think this is all I have on the subject. GL Core Products International, Inc. Tri-Core Cervical Support Pillow The Tri-Core Cervical Support Pillow helps alleviate headaches and neck pain by providing proper alignment of the neck while sleeping. For back sleeping, a firm cervical roll supports the neck while a shaped center gently cradles the head for better..."
175999668,"I like people in short bursts. Once you get up to a minute, minute and a half, I gotta get out of there."
175999669,"I wouldn’t worry about them too much as that can make them worse, that was the case for me."
175999670,"Somewhere, Carefully Alive, Stepping Through The Garden, Are The Smiles Of The Dolphins."
174341550,The last few days I was thinking there might be a sniper somewhere out there in the city that was going to take me out at night time. Kind of like death agony. I had to draw all my curtains to be able to relax. I noticed these thoughts happen when I felt pain in my head combined with feeling uneasy. The last two days I kind of had a pre-headache feeling and it made me feel a little paranoid. I’m pretty sure these are negative symptoms though. Sometimes I get a weird food interaction with the drug and my head gets into a bad place.
174341546,"People who are in permanent psychosis for the rest of their lives. Judging by the stories on the family forum, this happens to some folks. I can’t imagine a worse fate I personally don’t tell new people that I have schizophrenia because I figure they’ll do some research and assume I’m prone to psychosis, when in reality I haven’t suffered from psychosis in over two years now."
175999671,"I’m good, just fine. I’m sorry your sleeping patterns are all buggered up. Now will you be up all night then?"
174341538,"Distributed slow-wave dynamics during sleep predict memory consolidation and its impairment in schizophrenia The slow waves (SW) of non-rapid eye movement (NREM) sleep reflect neocortical components of network activity during sleep-dependent information processing; their disruption may therefore impair memory consolidation. Here, we quantify sleep-dependent consolidation of motor sequence memory, alongside sleep EEG-derived SW properties and synchronisation, and SW–spindle coupling in 21 patients suffering from schizophrenia and 19 healthy volunteers. Impaired memory consolidation in patients culminated in an overnight improvement in motor sequence task performance of only 1.6%, compared with 15% in controls. During sleep after learning, SW amplitudes and densities were comparable in healthy controls and patients. However, healthy controls showed a significant 45% increase in frontal-to-occipital SW coherence during sleep after motor learning in comparison with a baseline night (baseline: 0.22 ± 
0.05, learning: 0.32 ± 0.05); patient EEG failed to show this increase (baseline: 0.22 ± 0.04, learning: 0.19 ± 0.04). The experience-dependent nesting of spindles in SW was similarly disrupted in patients: frontal-to-occipital SW–spindle phase-amplitude coupling (PAC) significantly increased after learning in healthy controls (modulation index baseline: 0.17 ± 0.02, learning: 0.22 ± 0.02) but not in patients (baseline: 0.13 ± 0.02, learning: 0.14 ± 0.02). Partial least-squares regression modelling of coherence and PAC data from all electrode pairs confirmed distributed SW coherence and SW–spindle coordination as superior predictors of overnight memory consolidation in healthy controls but not in patients. Quantifying the full repertoire of NREM EEG oscillations and their long-range covariance therefore presents learning-dependent changes in distributed SW and spindle coordination as fingerprints of impaired cognition in schizophrenia. _PERSON_, U., _PERSON_, A.J., _PERSON_, C. et al. Distributed s
low-wave dynamics during sleep predict memory consolidation and its impairment in schizophrenia. npj Schizophr 5, 18 (2019) doi:10.1038/s41537-019-0086-8"
175999672,i see. hopefully its not real
175999673,On and off for too many months. I want to get rid of lithium.
175999674,"i know it sounds absurd but if our frontal sinus /nasal sinus is infected , is there a chance affect our frontal lobe/ other closely-located brain area ?"
175999675,Best that worked for me with no side effects is Latuda 80mg.
175999676,"Hi there, _AT_MENTION_ . Are you new? Welcome to the forum!!"
175999678,You will know when you are flagged.
174341548,what is the difference?
175999679,Lol I didn’t notice that either. Haha
175999680,I’d love to read it
175999681,When did you recover it ?
175999682,"The provider offered me oatmeal this morning and I said “no thanks” in a weak, negative way. I could have said yes and probably felt better but I was just being negative. I did have a glass of soy milk so I wasn’t totally refusing. But, _NAME_, just because it’s a little effort to eat."
175999683,Then you have to find a med that works which may mean having to take responsibility for your treatment when you get old enough. You have to find a doc that will take time with you to find the right med or med combo. The only other thing is trying mind over matter. You have to rationally and methodically train your thinking to avoid paranoia. Actively work to refute your suspicions and delusions. Convince yourself that the thinking is flawed and a waste of energy. Try to turn your mind into a happy place a playground where you only think about things you enjoy. Of course that wont be perfect but if you make an effort to build good thought habits it may improve your thinking
175999684,"Strattera is a focus drug also used for ADHD, but it’s a non-stimulant. That type of drug usually comes in two forms, stimulant and non stimulant, and my pdoc stressed that it wasn’t a stimulant when she prescribed it."
175999685,"When I was dating a Mexican guy I was introduced to generic Sephora makeup but my parents never let me buy the luxury brands. My cousin owns lipstick from _NAME_, MAC, NARS, Givenchy… and my mom has _NAME_ Saint Laurent lipstick. Some Asian girls I used to know like _NAME_, which seems really classy but I don’t know what it actually is… but personally I’m starting to have a taste for Dior stuff!! I mean, I am a millennial after all!!! But I’m not about to go collecting or anything."
175999686,Oh I think I went 5 years
175999687,Pfizer is king of all vaccines. Good luck _AT_MENTION_ and congratulations. You may feel some mild flu like symptoms for a couple of days but nothing serious. Especially with the second dose.
175999688,I must be good and careful
175999689,I would have liked my beautiful ex-doctor to come home with me. But I had ulterior motives.
175999690,AI isn’t b.s. though. Idk. Don’t want to say too much.
175999691,im just stating the obvious as im sure you knwo but cannabis is bad news…also johnnyboy welcome to the forum
175999692,_AT_MENTION_ Wow thats great to hear. Are you on the injection or the pills? I am on the injection.
175999693,"I do too. Have found if I take a break and isolate myself for a few days to sleep and recharge, I feel much better My problem I have isolated to burnout, which is what I think causes the main problem other than SZ"
175999694,I have a friend on Cymbalta and she says that it worked wonders for her
175999695,Many people I know highly believe their minds Some people r good some r bad For me I don’t believe becoz of hallucination bubble around me Is it good or bad to believe ur mind ?
175999696,"I talk to them. Because I’d rather accept than deny. I learnt from recovery college that I should not fight things in my head. Because that sets off the flight fight freeze response which in chronic time is bad for the body. So I talk to them, instead of ignoring them. Because ignoring is not an option as I’d be fighting the delusion. But Only when it feels necessary to. (talk) And it does seem to help. In terms of the strength of the delusion becoming less stressful. Oh Also _AT_MENTION_ s post has struck a chord in me. I have nothing to prove to anyone. So in the start I was constantly defending things that I was doing or thinking. Now it isn’t the case as much. I hope to reach a point where I can feel fully comfortable with myself. Maybe at that point the delusion will go. And if not, I’d like to hope that the stress will be gone completely from the delusion’s presence"
175999697,I don’t know. Probably internal ones. You?
175999698,No he didn’t. Where’s his research. He just made something up and said it’s true.
175999699,"Looking smart ,professional and delicious"
175999700,"Still necessary man.I remember when I never had sex before and was aged 20-27,27 to be exact where I first had sex.It was so annoying with erection and impulses but couldn’t find a way to release.If I am not mentally ill,I think I would have a partner during that period of time and wouldn’t had to wait till 27 to taste sex for the first time"
175999701,I lose insight really easily during a psychotic break. It worries me.
175999702,"I force myself to think “everything will be ok, everything will be ok” and breathe deeply until the panic subsides"
174341551,"I experienced this in 2014. I don’t remember the details anymore, but man do I remember that fear. The good news is that what you think is happening is not really happening. I promise. Your brain is not working properly. Many people with schizophrenia have experienced the same thing. I don’t know if hearing any of this makes a difference to you, but there it is. You seem pretty convinced of things, but I wonder if the reason you keep coming back and asking us all this is because there’s some part of you that still knows what you’re experiencing is not quite right. I hope you hold on to that instinct and keep challenging these thoughts, and above all, keep working with your doctor to find some relief."
175999703,I hope everything works out for you. Good luck!
175999704,Not think of future instead live in the present as we can’t say what will happen tomm or in future.
175999705,"over arching parents putting all higher _NAME_ into their child he was a protege, can’t remember how it ended, but not good I think."
175999706,Is the belief they clone people rapidly a delusion? What if I just know more than other people and therefore look delusional but am not?
175999707,Thoughts that they say or thoughts in their heads?
175999708,I punished myself for acting like brightly colored trash. I didn’t know any better.
175999709,Same here. I haven’t driven since May 2020.
175999710,The college at one time I would be most honored to graduate from was my old technical college I did great for the most part except economics hated that.
175999711,"Here in Arkansas USA they have allowed places to open with restrictions. Some have voluntarily stayed closed. My psychiatric care provider’s activity center is closed, the AA meeting facilities are restricted to meetings of 10 or fewer and you must wear a mask. Public buses are restricted to 10 or fewer riders and routes have been canceled. My church is still closed. I pretty much have to stay at home. I might check out the AA meetings though. Banks are drive through only."
175999712,"do what you can, when you can, distraction techniques are good to take your mind off of things."
175999713,"okay, why would a person considering not living any longer be worried about body pain?"
175999714,"WE, who understand your situation, are here with you. Sounds corny, but we are here with you."
175999715,That hurt 1515
175999716,_AT_MENTION_ you also write good. and stuff like that.
175999717,No one would go to a doctor who uses a knife.
175999718,"My dad has an advanced Parkinson. He is horrible and tortures my mom. She is crying all day so I can’t focus on anything. I am afraid I will lose her before he passes away. I am trying to convince her to send him to a hospice - she doesn’t want to hear about it. I start thinking she is selfish because in the end everything will fall on my back. I have a brother at Austria, but he doesn’t care about us and he won’t help with anything. That’s why I hate him and I don’t talk to him I am super scared…"
174341559,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov An update on the efficacy of anti-inflammatory agents for patients with schizophrenia: a _NAME_-analysis. _PERSON_, _NAME_, G Judge-_PERSON_, MM _PERSON_ and IEC _PERSON_, Psychological medicine , Aug 23 2019 Accumulating evidence shows that a propensity towards a pro-inflammatory status in the brain plays an important role in schizophrenia. Anti-inflammatory drugs might compensate this propensity. This study provides an update regarding the efficacy of agents with some anti-inflammatory actions for schizophrenia symptoms tested in randomized controlled trials (RCTs).PubMed, Embase, the National Institutes of Health website (http://www.clinicaltrials.gov), and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were systematically searched for RCTs that investigated clinical outcomes.Our search yielded 56 studies that provided information on the efficacy of the following components on symptom severity: aspirin, bexarotene, celecoxib, davunetide, dextromethorphan, estrogens, fatty acids, me
latonin, minocycline, N-acetylcysteine (NAC), pioglitazone, piracetam, pregnenolone, statins, varenicline, and withania somnifera extract. The results of aspirin [mean weighted effect size (ES): 0.30; n = 270; 95% CI (CI) 0.06-0.54], estrogens (ES: 0.78; n = 723; CI 0.36-1.19), minocycline (ES: 0.40; n = 946; CI 0.11-0.68), and NAC (ES: 1.00; n = 442; CI 0.60-1.41) were significant in _NAME_-analysis of at least two studies. Subgroup analysis yielded larger positive effects for first-episode psychosis (FEP) or early-phase schizophrenia studies. Bexarotene, celecoxib, davunetide, dextromethorphan, fatty acids, pregnenolone, statins, and varenicline showed no significant effect.Some, but not all agents with anti-inflammatory properties showed efficacy. Effective agents were aspirin, estrogens, minocycline, and NAC. We observed greater beneficial results on symptom severity in FEP or early-phase schizophrenia."
175999719,Gonna get called a hoe for watching a storm. Someone please help my memory is bad. Why am I being yelled at?
174341563,When I was on Abilify I didn’t sleep for 4-5 days.
175999720,Hi laetitia i think i know you
174341560,You’re lucky to survive all that _AT_MENTION_ . The way I look at it is we’re in the survival business now.
175999721,Oh that’s too bad. You’ll come up with a lot of good ideas I know you will.
175999722,"No, I smoked crack for four years."
175999723,My doctor said that Latuda wouldn’t be the right drug for me because it causes a lot of anxiety. She refused to prescribe it to me.
175999724,"I never thought about it, but every day sentences appear in my head that are not mine, but creature’s that I also see every day. I don’t think I can stop them. What do you think they are?"
174341565,"I was a heavy coffe drinker, getting it at the store, ad making about one pot a day. Eat This Not That – 28 Jan 20 How Glutamine Will Help Crush Your Sugar Cravings | Eat This Not That Glutamine has been marketed to help reduce sugar cravings. But does it really work and are there side effects? We asked two dietitians for their thoughts. I haven’t tried this one yet. A lot of these amino acids could be getting mixed up. A lot of what is becoming for this disease goes into Schizophrenia, or Depression sympoms, without adressing other addiction related issues, like caffeine, sugar, or excessive screen time, and so forth. There could be an addage though about trying to quit something as a habit without taking a Nootropic."
174341556,yeah i like to watch ac360. i just realized he has a bonus hour tonight. i didnt realize that until i looked at the clock just now
175999725,"it changes, but approx right now. dhea pregnenolone a-gpc choline tmg vit b complex vit d vit k zinc/copper milk thistle extract vit e taurine phosphatidylserine creatine collagen fish oil magnesium water aged garlic extract ubiquinol nac stabilized a-lipoic acid alcar"
175999726,It’s just a program we use
174341564,"Well - most people are ok with it as I usually surround myself with others that have Schizophrenia however my folks thought I was a slobbering moron when I was first diagnosed … It took years for them to accept me, and even so hide some prejudice of me…"
175999727,"MDJunction Ashleyloves Toggle Friends Social Security Disability Advice Q & A Intellectual disability 3 minutes ago _PERSON_ | 1 post My diagnosis is unspecified personality disorder,major depression and mild intellectual disability . I’m on my initial try but haven’t started the process for disability yet. I have hard time understanding instructions and saying how I feel. Coupled with overlooking tasks at home and ability complete tasks.can this help me win disabity. I thought I called and set up appointment phone interview but I was told needed fill out paperwork first. Said I have hard time developing close relationships and hostile.anger and hostile to myself and others.tends hold grudges,working relationships strained, Comment _USER_ID_ Know the answer? Be the first to help Ashleyloves Share this with your friends AddThis Sharing Buttons Share to FacebookShare to TwitterShare to More Latest unread in your groups OT - Online fraud tracker Off Topic - Bash Free Zone lost needs help Off topic 
- ????? Session_Get it off your chest I Wear a Ribbon “Son, daughter-in-law, and cousins have asthma, friend diagnosed with brain tu…” (purcellklp40) WEAR THE GRAY RIBBON STOP NOTIFICATIONS Disclaimer : The information provided in MDJunction is not a replacement for medical diagnosis, treatment, or professional medical advice. In case of EMERGENCY call 911 or 1.800.273.TALK (8255) to the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. [Read more](https"
175999728,"I’m sorry you’re going through this. Most drs don’t treat mentally ill people for physical problems. I’ve had that problem since I was a teen. It takes until I’m in serious danger before a dr will help me. So I imagine the drs are hard on you too, which makes reporting everything even harder. I hope you have good drs and that they continuously try to help you"
175999729,What’s the best way to prepare liver and fava beans with a nice Chianti?
175999730,"If it’s ok to ask, Did your meds take you out of the episodes?"
175999731,"an 18 year old kid said to me “look im blind, see im blind”. he went on and on about being blind while obviously not being blind. he later showed me some music that i listen to a lot as well. then he tells me that he wants to be a lawyer, then a cop, and then join the army. In that order. I feel like they hired him to do that… reasoning: blind but obviously not blind == how im aware of my symptoms but am always doubtful (ie, they think im faking or am illogical). the music i listen too is stupid, and so am i. i cant make up my mind about career, or define who i am. is it possible they hired him to do this? He looked very similar to the pdoc there. maybe it was his son? what do you guys think about this?"
175999732,Eat the rest of my chocolate almonds Post some returns Do some painting and go for a walk and cook Sheesh
175999733,"No, too lazy lol But pretty sure my parents infected me bcz symptoms are more intense than flu."
175999734,Yeah _AT_MENTION_ made it too!!! I know it’s just about meds time and then it will be just about bed time. This girl knows how to parttttyyy. lol.
175999735,"Nobody is reading your mind. People may guess how you think, but they are not reading your mind. I had delusions many years ago that I was able to read people’s minds, these were just delusions. Even if some power had developed the technology, how would they benefit from reading your mind. These are just delusions. _AT_MENTION_ the USA is an okay place to live if you live in a nice neighbourhood, but then there are also dangerous areas in the US as in any country. Finland is much more peaceful than America."
175999736,"Why this one? A 5 or a 6, unless you’re going to “eat me alive”, Mr. _PERSON_. Next one!"
175999737,"La clavier, c’est vrai? Je suis sur l’ordinataire aussi. C’est difficile, mais il n’y a pas du feu, c’est une experience pour l’education de français pour moi! C’est dommage, que je ne pas parler français avec tu, mais les temps sont durs."
175999738,I also get times when I have blank head and no thoughts
175999739,"I hope things stay manageable for you in terms of your conditions Take care, It must be scary if you have a degenerative condition. Hopefully it will not get worse You deserve a good life whatever comes your way."
175999740,Who took you off atvian? Did you do it yourself or was it your doctor ? If you did it yourself then you might want to taper down the way I did instead of cold turkey.
175999741,I hope to * go on treadmill 5 mins * hot tub to meditate quick * quick shower but today should wash my hair. Then I get my scratch ticket. I need to help my son to practice his voice lessons for his performance. Also to fold a load of laundry.
175999742,I would not mind living there :))
175999743,I wouldn’t feel the need to share work stuff. I can see why you’d be worried but I’d be inclined to sign. Not a big deal for me.
174341566,New too. I never fit in either and still don’t. My mum thinks I have Aspergers and so does my dad and a clinical psychologist. Psychiatrists have diagnosed me as schizophrenic. I am not so independent as normal people and there’s a lot of things I just can’t do. I can drive but I’m scared of getting lost and can only drive to like three places and not anywhere new by myself with out direction.
174341574,No but I struggle with negative symptoms.
175999744,"5 years now, various drugs with various levels of success."
174341562,I think Drs focus more on positive symptoms bcz negative symptoms have no treatment.
175999745,"I’m grateful for Gd, my good health, my income, my apartment, my resources, and my possessions."
175999746,When life gives you lemons Squeeze out the juice Take the seeds out And plant a tree in remembrance.
175999747,I like bees to but don’t want to be stung so I am kind of weary.
175999748,"I’ve been getting fluanxol depot for 3 months, but I absolutely don’t feel anything from it. i am equally depressed, aloof, depressed. How long can I wait for anything to be better? I have schizophrenia. And fluanxol depot is worth nothing. now my doctor lifted me to get it every 11 days instead of 2 weeks but so I feel nothing from him. Why???"
175999749,The first time i saw my psychistrist he was like “now tell me about your blasphemous ways”. I still think about going hood on him and slashing his tires and bricks through the window. That isn’t me anymore though. Working with some of the most vulnerable people in society and they behave like that. Its disgusting.
175999750,Is this a good sign last time they didn’t ask for them but now this time a year later they did ask for then and they paid behavior health for them .I still need to wait one more month to hear back from them.
175999751,"I often think we are a collective consciousness, it was great when it was the aura scary but no crime, now that evil people took over its back to a nasty hive mind with controllers attacking the protector."
175999752,"I couldnt read all of the thread, concentration is a bit finished for today. But im happy that you found this volunteer job and it seems like a good way to get new experiences and build your resumé with them. Great! Good luck!"
175999753,"thats my memories, i got over now since 2010, still my story holds water"
175999754,I have no problem with porn. The human sexual reproductive system responds only to human forms. You can say you’re attracted to someone’s mind but that’s not sexual. So for pure sexual enjoyment and release I think watching porn is perfect. If you disagree you can try to masturbate while reading war and peace or other heady work of literature.
175999755,"I’m not fishing attention, I genuinely relate to low IQ people"
175999756,In a lot of areas it’s the law for motorcycles to run their light at all times.
175999757,"I got bullied a little sometimes, but it was more that I was an outsider. The third wheel on the cart. When we paired up in gym class I was they guy that always had to be solo because no one wanted to pair up with me. Luckily i coped with it very well, it became a habit after a while and I didn’t really think about it anymore."
175999758,"that developmental coordination disorder; I found this: an unsteady walk difficulty going down stairs dropping objects running into others frequent tripping difficulty tying shoes, putting on clothes, and other self-care activities difficulty performing school activities such as writing, coloring, and using scissors This really describes my problems well"
175999759,"Got mine Monday evening at the pharmacy. _PERSON_ grotty the next day, but am fine now."
175999760,I am sorry you’re suffering… I wish I had words of advice to give you. Is this a feeling that occurs often?
175999761,"I consider myself a success. In love, financially, in mental stability, in physical health, in mental peace and tranquility, with family relations, with God, in housing, in material possessions, and basically with everything in my life. So no, I have not an ounce of jealousy."
175999762,Yes. Thousands of voices have been beating me up today. I call them evil monkeys.
175999763,What is Love?. She Quietly Asked. She Was Nervous. And I Was Nervous. The Sun Was Shining. It Was Warm And Peaceful. She Asked if I Was Sad. I Couldn’t Describe it. She Smiled. I Started to Walk Away. And She Asked Again. What is Love?. I Got Nervous. And Whispered at a Distance. You. You Are Love.
175999764,"Thats great! good for you. I’m trying to do the same with dog walks and a new bicycle I bough used. But it’s hard, lacking stamina."
175999765,"I don’t know about GABA, they have to cross the blood brain barrier to have effects."
175999766,"I never took trig, because I tested out of it. But I found the trig functions in calculus to be the hardest ones."
174341581,"I don’t remember exactly, but in first months I went every 2 weeks. Now, after 10 years I go to lab work every 4-5 months so it’s not a problem."
175999767,Yes. But coddling them won’t help them change their views.
175999768,"Good luck to you, I know you will do well and will get the job!"
175999769,"Well, in a dream you may see these things too, but they’re only your mind"
175999770,I see. I think that’s been discussed on your thread. Let’s not derail.
175999771,Thanks for telling me that. I do have trouble telling people no.
175999772,Thanks gene. I’ll try some.
175999773,'Fraid not. I’m an alcoholic. 6 years sober. So the only reason I’d have to drink would be to kill myself basically.
175999774,Don’t give him the time of day. He’s a Troll.
175999775,I’m smart enough to know that
175999776,You’re right. I feel bad for the vast majority of people who cannot take care of themselves and will never work. It makes me sad. I hope they get better.
174341571,"Yes, it’s not about a specific number. It’s about a mentality. There’s such a pessimistic view of the diagnosis of schizophrenia that I think contributes to the lack of people getting better."
175999777,So i love mine and have good chemistry with her but i called her a week ago and left a voicemail saying the meds just arent working now and ive called her several times since and my therapist AND case manager has emailed her several times and she hasnt responded. I know shes busy but damn what am i supposed to do.
175999778,In my case when on haloperidol the anxiety was due to akathisia. The only not way to know for sure what suppose is through something like cogentin. Either way I would speak to a doctor
174341580,"Whats better, DMG or NAC? I don’t want to take 10 pills per day, I am already taking 7-8. I am taking meds for SZ (3 pills), high blood pressure, high cholesterol and diabetes. With NAC and Sarcosine its already 8 pills/day."
175999779,"Guess I Knew What You Where Looking For, Might Have Known What I Would Find. The Church, Under The Milkey Way. Some _USER_ID_ Nokie Doth Say… Where Ever We Go Under!"
175999780,My prescriber started prescribing me anxiety meds- don’t think they’re working. And on top of that she started prescribing me antidepressants but I don’t think I will take them. The pharmacist said they can interact with the meds I’m already on. Anybody take multiple different kinds of meds?
175999781,Haha Lazy Cat!
175999782,sleeping. And then feeling down.
175999783,My voices have never told me to kill. I am quite proud of that.
175999784,No i’m not concerned. My partner gives me my own space and privacy.
175999785,I’m pretty sure I started with olanzapine
174341583,I sometimes walk a bit in the house. I fear outside and people.
175999786,There are plenty of people who dont care at all
175999787,"I have to ask, what was the inspiration for the name poo head?"
175999788,_PERSON_ that makes sense.
175999789,"Yes, there is a girl who is telepathically connected to me, and she can read all of my thoughts and she experiences everything I do–taste/smell/feel/hear, or so she says. I think she would be too overstimulated if that were the case (in my delusion, she is a real person…the ex-girlfriend of my boyfriend). The other voices just see me on hidden cameras that are set up throughout my house. I have never been able to find one, so I have to believe it’s all in my head. I have no evidence to suggest otherwise. It is such a violation of privacy. I have had to completely change the way I think, because I am so scared of getting criticized or shamed for the things I think. I fill my head with stupid, random things just to distract myself from what’s going on in there with the voices. The voices are all so negative and so cruel to me. Everything I do/experience, I get criticized and shamed for. I can never get a break. I need to figure out a way to get them under control again. I can’t keep putting 
myself through this every day."
174341586,_AT_MENTION_ So are they saying it can be used for schizophrenia by itself?
175999790,It could simply be exposure to that type of thinking. We are all like sponges
175999791,"PubMed Association of Low-Dose Quetiapine and Diabetes - PubMed In this cohort study, use of low-dose quetiapine was not associated with excess risk of type 2 diabetes in comparison with SSRIs."
175999792,"There was a guy on here a few years ago who did tdcs and felt enough relief to leave. He was gone for about 2 years, then came back because he was feeling ill again."
175999793,Mixed vegetables
174341589,"https://www.thelancet.com/article/S0140-6736(19)31135-3/fulltext This might help you decide which antipsychotic to take, rexulti seems to be the best in the graph for anticholinergic side effects. You can try lumateperone if your state has it"
175999794,"I’ve been a bit weak with my diet, been eating nearly anything. The last thing I had was buttered gnocchi… Not really helping but yea… I start again tomorrow. I’m getting worried for my liver or pancreas it feels a bit sore so that will also give me the motivation to stop this eating anything thing I’m going through"
175999795,"I’m in pain too, arthritis. However I’m sixty years old. I’m hoping physical therapy will help."
175999796,_AT_MENTION_ my affect? What do you mean?
175999797,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175999798,"Yes it depends on the circumstances, objectives and the individual. Of course chastity is not for everyone otherwise we would become extinct."
175999799,Eyes that are not mine An imperfect imposter Looking back at me
174341584,"I was trying to respond to another one of your posts but it got locked. I’m only going to write this to you once so you don’t think I’m harassing you. I don’t hate your posts but I do think you will have to accept that you need medication to be well. That’s okay though. I have diabetes so I have to be on insulin, because if I don’t take it I will die. Medications for mental illnesses are harder to accept because you develop imbalances in your brain that don’t let you think clearly. It’s a long hard road. It took many years to find something that worked for me so that I could function with a clear head. In terms of hating your posts I do not. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia when I was about your age and it was hard to accept. I was in your shoes and struggling to accept that I needed outside help to be well. I hope you understand what I am saying. We are here for you while you journey through this, but it would be good to maybe consider what people are expressing here. Take care o
f yourself."
175999801,"sz can affect motivation, you need to push yourself when you can."
175999802,"Ever since I was discharged from hospital I’ve been drinking every single day. Not proud of it, but I feel I need it in order to keep my cosmic balance. Should I be worried?"
175999803,"Its been probably 3 or 4 months, but it’s nice to go, ya know"
175999804,Switch to vaping its alot better
175999805,My BMI is 43 I think. Last time I weighted 278Lb I am 5ft10.
175999806,"I had a tendency to be aggressive toward my partner, and the pdoc who were trying to help me. It is not something i care to remember."
175999807,"Okay, man, Just calm down. I said it wasn’t for everybody and it isn’t."
175999808,"Hmm…, Did You Like My Story _AT_MENTION_ (?). It’s Sad I Know… . … P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!."
175999809,"Because it was encouraging delusions, not seeking help overcoming them"
175999810,"yeah, i have only drank zero sugar energy drinks, and consume no more than about 250 mg caffeine throughout the course of a day, usually less. i feel like with coffee id be consuming more caffeine and sugar because i can only handle the taste of coffee with tons of cream and sweetener, and theres no completely accurate caffeine content for coffee seems like there is alot of news and stuff about how bad energy drinks are for people but coffee is considered like the key to being healthy"
174341590,"OUP Academic Clozapine Combination and Augmentation Strategies in Patients With... AbstractBackground. Evidence for the management of inadequate clinical response to clozapine in treatment-resistant schizophrenia is sparse. Accordingly, an in"
175999811,Watch videos for awhile and then work for awhile
175999812,That is not a bizarre delusion. It is not uncommon in “normal” people who are spiritual. I believe in past lives myself. -_NAME_.
175999813,I have goals. Despite my lack of drive. I still want to achieve them. Its just harder now. I’m not giving up.
175999814,"I have a question: Does anyone have co-morbidity with this illness. I have Social Anxiety (mild now). This illness has had good periods and bad periods, too. This started when I was in the 6th grade. I was thrown by someone double my size 6 feet or so away, and landed at the back of my head. It had to happen as I was fighting that guy every other day. Learning Difficulties is the other problem I have. I can’t say whether these started before the bump or after the bump. I also have a sound filtering problem, and I go quiet as the noise level goes up. I may have ADD, too. I don’t know whether what I experience is Hyperfocus or flow. My Doctor suggests it is flow. If so, it is a very strong flow. I go in a trance. I think the last Disorder I have is Creativity. Rigid rules and exams. I am not suited for them. Part of the reason is this flow. The other is that I am a non-conformist is some sense. Custom, culture, the way it should be is not my thing. I make my own rules. I like ideas a lot and I wa
nt to be inventive in any field of study. That is my search. Replicating material is not my thing. I hate teaching, because it is just delivery of known content."
175999815,"_AT_MENTION_ , its like paint my numbers, but, you use drills/diamonds. There are 3 kind of drills round, square and specials. Its a little like cross stitch, but, less fiddly I think lol pencilcase.jpg 900×352 168 KB I can’t post links, but, if you google diamond painting wiki there is a pretty extensive guide on what it is. Its a fairly time consuming process, but, I find it very enjoyable and relaxing"
175999816,"Update: I’m starting to lose weight a little too quickly. I weighed 191 this morning which means I lost a lot in the past week. I’m a bit worried I’m going down the anorexia path again, but I don’t want to up my calories as the last time I added 300 calories a day I gained. Weird place to be"
175999817,"Full-time since 1998 I believe, and I’ve done a variety of things. Currently a senior commercial insurance broker. Have been in this role for over four years."
174341594,It’s because I’m physically ill all the time I waste my parents’ money. I’ve been stuck at home for three years because I’m too fatigued to do anything right now. I know that they are frustrated with me and they hate that I’m a schizophrenic. I know that they’re super ashamed by it and I know that they want me to disappear. I know that’s not how it is for everyone but it seems like that’s how it is in my family.
175999818,"I think Korea already does this, but I might be mistaken. I have endless supply of natural gas/hydrogen gas because the pipe is installed in my house. You just simply turn the gas on, and you’re ready to go. However, because of the risks, people are changing it to electrical-powered hot plates."
174341591,"You have many interesting experiences, we have the past, current and the future."
175999819,I miss you all dearly. Love to you.
175999820,Is that a carpet cleaner?
175999821,Sounds scary (15chars)
175999822,"I like loose leaf green and black teas, _NAME_ tea has a black and white iced tea with honey, the only can of _NAME_ with real sugar. I go between coffee and tea most the day."
175999823,Thank you so much I appreciate that
175999824,At this point I am just done. I’m tired of myself. Absolutely exhausted. I hate myself to the core.
175999825,"I’m sorry that something that’s not your fault like having this disease has the impact that you describe on your family. It must make your life so much harder. You’ve done nothing wrong, you are just unlucky that this disease struck you. Hopefully you can go on with your life and maybe in the future you can be happy and make your brother proud by fighting this disease. It’s nice that you want to make your brother happy but it’s also important to be happy in your own life and live a fulfilling life if you can."
175999826,"You’re going to have another good day Voices won’t beat you They aren’t calling your name Use your good days while they last, don’t miss this chance."
175999827,you together again with your partner now then?
175999828,I wish I hadn’t played the part of the mother in Hansel and _USER_ID_ when I was in kindergarten. Because I thought someone in the audience would say “She’s mean.” I played the part a little too well.
175999829,"Tell your _PERSON_ too if he owns Red Dead. We can form up a posse._USER_ID_ and the Crazy Six_PERSON_. Good to know about the pokemon version. I’ll have to ask _AT_MENTION_ what version she’ll be getting too. That way if she also gets shield, I can go with sword so we can trade more pokemon among the three of us."
175999830,"I ended up falling asleep right after taking the dose, so now my sleep schedule is screwed up."
175999831,I just think you come across as a teenager.
175999832,"One of the sweetest presents i ever got was a dream catcher from my son. He accidently overheard a conversation in which my mum asked about my nightmares. After that he wanted to buy me a dream catcher and a month later he enquired if it worked. I hate that he apparently worries about my mental health, but at the same time it was really sweet and thoughtful in a childlike way. What was the sweetest present you ever got to heal or comfort you?"
175999833,Hugged my friend; I’m grateful for having beautiful clothes; I’m grateful for my father’s business; I’m grateful for having the opportunity to help my father’s business grow and see my work making a difference; I’m grateful for the air I breathe; I’m grateful for knowing how to speak in English (I’m Brazilian); I’m grateful for this forum and having the opportunity to show how grateful I am; I’m grateful for the comfortable trip I took to come to my work today (my father owns an awesome SUV).
175999834,Disses fugggin nutz
175999835,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I appreciate your opinions.
175999836,So far the hat is working. I haven’t picked today.
175999837,"My pdoc told me that Risperdal Consta is the most important psych med I take. So, I guess I’m on it for life."
175999838,Interesting that there are materialists with a philosophical background.
175999839,the pills are manufactured in switzerland. i just want a medication that will help me lose weight. thats all.
175999840,"Aw, cute kitty _AT_MENTION_. Thank you."
175999841,I feel the same as you. I am also about to quit a job due to stress.
175999842,"You are exhausted, you should offer a sacrifice, the end has come. Take your time, amidst food and drink you feel secure, but the danger lies ahead. Persevere and there will be a good ending."
175999843,“Fliff Night” always cheers me up when I feel bad. I should warn you the humor is not for everyone.
175999844,"The most common scientific attitude is (I think), _PERSON_, which is to believe that the concepts we have, of things, bodies, atoms, electrons, correspond to real, existent “things in themselves”. But there are other scientists, such as _NAME_, _NAME_ and, _PERSON_, who argue that the the concepts we have are just concepts (words, symbols) that are our best attempt to describe our sensations. If the second bunch of scientist are right, then the world is narrative, and maths, that we have about our sensations, then it is indeed a simulation, our best model, or shared representation. Most of us normies do not realise this. _NAME_ said this abruptly dawned upon him in the footnote on page 30 of his book, which is in the archive and can be googled using, “archive _NAME_ mach sensations” “The analysis of sensations, and the relation of the physical to the psychical: _PERSON_, _NAME_, 1838-1916” It is a fairly easy read. The English is a bit old fashioned."
175999845,"Remorse is a particularly “deep” kind of regret and always (if I’m not mistaken) associated with guilt and/or self-reproach. The regret I have is more like, at worst, “damn, I wish I hadn’t done that!” or even just “I wish that hadn’t happened!”. I forgive myself easily, just acknowledging it if I’ve made a mistake, and I can move on without repeatedly obsessing or “ruminating” about it. I don’t generally play what I call the “blame game”, whether it is about myself or someone else. Too many people are determined to always find someone to blame, a “scapegoat”, and usually reject even the possibility that they themselves contributed to the situation in question (ie. some adverse outcome) in some way. Not intfrequently the same people are quick to take credit for “good” things. I don’t know, but perhaps one reason for denying all responsibility is that accepting it would cause them to feel remorse? -A."
175999846,"i would like to be vegan, but settled on vegetarian, i was worried about b12 and also dairy is a good source of protein for my workouts. personally i believe we are natural vegetarians, simply because we are raised on a mother’s milk, is our best diet, but that is an unusual belief. i was vegan for 4 years from 28-32 but i was always craving cheese, but not meat. anyways i admire vegans like you. it takes a lot of dedication…"
174341598,We aren’t allowed to try to diagnose you remember? And I’m not saying it isn’t schizophrenia either. I just don’t know for sure. It’s way early for onset.
175999847,Supplemental forms of lithium have been shown to stop panic attacks.
175999848,Okay. Whatever works for you for sure.
175999849,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
175999850,"yeah i love wayfair. but i hate putting the stuff together. i’ve got a lot of things from them, rugs, wall decor, coffee table and end table, breakfast nook, lamps. they have a warehouse pretty close to here. i got both my sister’s and mom wayfair gift cards last christmas."
175999851,On the top of the space you type in there is a settings cog…the last icon on the right. Click on it…then click on ‘Build Poll’…then type in your options. Then click on the blue square at the bottom of the screen and your poll will be entered into your message.
175999852,I spend about 90% of my day on my couch or my bed.
175999853,I used to like this workout vid. dude has the strictest form.
175999854,"Oh ok, well im glad you found a solution, maybe ill give Klonopin a try."
175999855,I really don’t FEEL crazy. I always sound very lucid and “well spoken” I guess you could say even when the content I am talking about is surreal. Its why so many mental health professionals rejected the idea of me being psychotic and felt what I was experiencing was real. The thing is I know not all of it is real. But I know some of it is. I’ve gained that discretion by now. It took a long time and development and meeting the right folks but my head is clear now for the most part. Doesn’t stop the devil from trying to fill it with tantalizing lies now and again but for the most part I go with my gut and know it’s lies.
174341603,"yay Vraylar 3 mg is touching the negative symptoms - one week aprox on 3 mg 1,5 mg did nothing for 2 weeks my symptoms flare up, successfully switched from Abilify (the gambling addiction anti psychotic) to Vraylar 3 mg the psychosis dosage, since today I feel a minimal improvement in the negative symptoms and it’s only been a week, im not cured yet sadly, but I feel its touching it like no other AP did, i tried almost all Do you want a list? Yes even Clozapine… I guess this is a small success story so far so (good)"
174341601,"Stick to one ap, add abilify as adjunctive to lower prolactin level"
175999856,this town got crappy after the housing boom ended i almost did not need my meds people would help me out so much and were really nice and there were pretty girls everywhere now there are low lifes and ???? heads everywhere very stressfull
175999857,It Won’t Look Bad I Promise!. No Deadline Promise!. (Promise Part 2)!. Jus a Nice Calm Relaxing INDIE Rowboat Being Settled By The Sun… . …
175999858,50mg of Levomepromazine is enough to knock you out all night. Taken me years to find a med that works for sleep The brand is Nozinan
175999859,"That’s sweet! I just have to remember they do a lot of people and mistakes happen, they’re only human. I’m just super grumpy today."
175999860,I don’t feel good. I’m waiting counselor to call back. Bf being mean. I’m going to the bridge
175999861,"My first kiss was at age 7 when my friend and I caught his sister making out with her boyfriend. We asked what they were doing and she said it was called a French Kiss, and you do it by making your tongues kiss (she was like 13 at the time). Anyways, we tried it out together. I stuck my tongue out, he stuck his tongue out, and we touched them. We were both horrified. We both ended up gay lol."
175999862,"Image may contain: one or more people, text that says ""Constantly realize that the source of all power, strength, and wisdom is flowing through you.""526×527 49.9 KB"
175999863,yea that’s true =)
174341600,I work at Starbucks. Abilify was managing my symptoms but I’m not on it right now. Long story. But yeah it worked well.
175999864,Why is death?..…………………
175999865,"yeah ive heard bullies are insecure but i find it tough to understand this guy…i never realy knew him well…he was nasty and my voices tell me he bullied as he was jealous and also because he wanted to feel “big”, laughing at others and sneering…i never really ever had a conversation with him but i hated him for nearly over a decade…he screwed me over big time…i became so obsessed and hated him that i started to become psychotic. i understand what you say that he is insecure…i hear that said lots about bullies but as i said i hardly knew the guy, but only hated him"
175999866,Did you start taking it?
175999867,"I like my brains with butter, brown sugar and blueberries on top."
175999868,Why did you change the title lol I read an article the other day where some body stabbed her friend because of her psychosis and doing ten years in prison…considering that even though you might feel that way now I see that your quite lucky that your free and caring family.
175999869,"Hey guys, just wondering… who here has ever used Clopixol depot. I had 400 mgs on Friday and my symptoms are still there. Please could you tell me about your experience and side effects if possible. Also, did it work for you or was it your miracle drug?"
175999870,"I get a range of intrusive thoughts. Sometimes I’ll “foretell” my death, or imagine myself committing the most violent crime I can think of. I can get tangled up in it, especially if it’s at night and I’m trying to sleep. I’ll usually have to get up for an hour and clear my head. Not sure what precipitates it."
175999871,38 is totally fine to have a baby. But I will say to make sure you’re VERY recovered first. It is hard having to get up all hours of the night with a screaming baby and then go about your day. Adoption is also an option.
175999872,They won’t want to do it. I’m Hispanic and in most old school Hispanic cultures mental health doesn’t exist!
174341606,"For me, i was lucky. I did a Bachelor of Nursing Science when i was in my early 20’s, and we studied mental health issues. So i’m lucky, as i had learnt about Schizophrenia before i actually developed it. When i’m psychotic, i have no insight. But being medicated, i can see the issues if that makes sense."
174341602,"Drugs. Drugs, the cause and solution to all problems."
175999873,"If I am not the spectacle, how this grandiose feeling in. My heart is explained?"
175999874,What do you mean?
175999875,You’ve got some nasty voices there _AT_MENTION_ . Don’t listen to them. I smoke alot too . Bad for us.
175999876,"I’ve done the same thing. I took 28 Atavans and 13 Klonopins. I don’t know if they pumped my stomach. After the emergency room they took me to a mental health clinic, and I slept it off for a couple of days. I wish I could say that was the last time I abused a mind altering chemical, but I still had some of that in me. But it has been four years since I last did any mind altering drug or alcohol."
175999877,"Exactly, sinusitis and surgery don’t cause psychosis. Anyways why are you looking at the cause? Why not look at treatment instead? You gain nothing in knowing the cause, its useless."
174341604,That’s good does it do any permeant damage to receptors?
175999878,Love AI. Want more.
174341610,"one way ive found is to talk myself out of it by talking to myself. There were nights when i talked myself to sleep just by repeating to my self that it was just a delusion and schizophrenia. It helps if you repeat it enough times, your mind will start believing it"
175999879,"are you still gettin a depot jag? I ordered mine yesterday,"
175999880,_AT_MENTION_ consider lysine supplementation. That will severely lower your clotting / heart disease risk. It can actually reverse heart disease even.
174341608,It is definitely a significant burden. There is a wide array of problems. The charm is to work with what you have and try to make progress.
175999881,"You won’t have to. It’s coming anyway in the contraction. But if you want to hear something unnerving, Betelgeuse is now fainter than ever before, and it has been waxing and waning in brightness since it’s discovery. It’s probable that it’s going to go supernova, which will wipe away the Ozone Layer and leave us unprotected from the sun’s radiation. Also, if a mass coronal ejection occurs that is large enough (similar in size to the one in 1859), our satellites, power grids, anything electronic will cease to function. Anything that runs on electricity will be cooked. Cars, banking systems, the internet, police dispatch, all gone, and no one will know what happened. Thus begins the 6-weeks to extinction dilemma. Cheery eh?"
175999882,Have you talked to you doctor about switching to Geodon?
175999883,Mine is gone without any medications. I don’t even find women attractive any more.
174341607,"i do see lots of references to ‘schizophrenia with a mood component’ on google, but yes they are in reference to another way to describe schizoaffective. i might be wrong but i could swear i read that terminology somewhere, and my therapist acted like it was a thing that existed cause she pointed out that the mood component isn’t major in the diagnosis im describing."
174341617,"I remember the first day of school in 1st grade, the 3 rooms had connecting doors and the teachers were saying, Where do you want to put _PERSON_? They put me in the slow class, which was how they had it then, slow, intermediate, and smart, we all figured that out right away. I had to take summer school one year, and then in about 6th grade I was put into remedial reading for a couple of months. It’s interesting because my mom had a dictionary I read and wrote in, in the back was Math and Science and Grammar, and I also taught the neighbor kids certain things. But this is just my learning growing up, and probably has nothing to do with sz. In high school I was into sports and cheer leading, and my church (Catholic). So, overall, I guess my childhood was pretty normal."
175999884,Oh boy _PHONE_NO_
175999885,Pleased to hear it.
175999886,Latuda is an anti psychotic mate.
175999887,"True. I had a reaction to haldol.i had the tardive dyskinesia, very grateful my friends recognized it and warned me. Long story, maybe I can tell you another time. Have a good night"
175999888,"Hello, i am trying to figure out why i am fatigued all day long. Its not the medication. The only thing i do is vaping high nicotine and drinking coffee. I did a blood test and nothing is wrong with me. What is causing this?"
175999889,"And my therapist has fit me in for today, so I’ll have her to help me with all of this now. My head is still spinning and I still feel nauseous everytime the images pop back into my head (once an hour or so). And I’m hoping I can get hubby to come to therapy WITH me. Fingers crossed! Thank you everyone, this forum is a lifesaver sometimes!!! _PERSON_"
175999890,"It is panic that will destroy us. Isolation, but communciation that will unite us against this threat. I fear for the elderly and immunocompromised, it is our responsibility to ensure that they are safe. I will do everything in my power to make sure that happens."
174341612,"I went from 2mg Risperidone, 500mg Seroquel, 4mg clonazepam to 10mg Abilify, 500mg Seroquel, 4mg clonazepam. The Abilify pushed me into a muted manic state along with the sex and gambling side effects. I felt great! And that was not good… great was in a strange I don’t care, this feels good mode and if it were not for the fact it caused my jaw muscles to move my jaw out of position that I could not close my mouth (happened overnight one day) I probably would have stayed on it even that it was pushing me in the wrong direction. My advice, it can be a good medicine for some and watch for side effects. For me it was not good, now back on my previous regiment."
175999891,"He’s got a weakness for girls like you. We both know you can, but I really need him more than you. Maybe I can fake it, until you make it. I can’t do that. I’m not normal. I can’t promise I’ll be cordial. Got a mouth just like a trucker. I can’t even be a lady out in public for my mother. Mother-fker. I love that song"
175999892,Thyroid has got nothing to do with the mental illness. Thyroid why it got damaged i will tell you but lithium has got nothing to do with it. Which doc do u go to if I may know.
175999893,Know the feeling. Just had a medicinal donut. Amazing what modern medicine can do for you these days.
175999894,I was recently prescribed Lamictal but decided not to take it because there are dangerous interactions between Lamictal and Depakote. Lamictal is a good med against depression but it caused lots of anxiety and mania.
175999895,"Me being on this forum, I mean. I’ve reached a point of both maturity and stability with my illness, that I really don’t feel like contributing to the discussion(s) much. I haven’t been heavily medicated for several years since I first went into the hospital. I just sometimes wonder how this forum fits into my life anymore."
175999896,"you are welcome =) i saw you on the pics on the black water page too so i know it’s you in the screen grabs you posted earlier. Is it only your picture that is everywhere, or also movie clips?"
175999897,They deserve all that _PERSON_ for hurting you. Maybe next time they would get a hint when they see you around.
175999898,Nice. I love bright colors.
175999899,Ive been extremely fkd up since my birthday He came one night and back to back orgasms it was heaven and I wanted him in me so bad but he left.i dreamt I wrappd him like an alien kind of thing like attached.
175999900,Yes it does. Walking is very toning.
175999901,Can anyone from confirm or not the invasion of your country
175999902,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ .
174341613,It definitely positively impacted my spiritual life. I can take my own pain and suffering and attempt to use it to relieve the suffering of others. That’s my POV anyhow.
175999903,"I agree with Pianogal. For me, the therapist is where I talk and the Pdoc is for the medication and the overview. I always wait on questions or comments and I take a journal with a special page just for questions. I don’t allow the Pdoc to get off topic until we go through the questions. She likes that and so do I."
175999904,"Everyone has different reasons. Family, friends, lovers, hobbies, pets, food, pursuit of knowledge etc."
175999905,"I have accidentally come across questionable stuff, so I just immediately left the site and cleared my browser history. Once I had one of the ransom things come up and locked me out of my laptop for money to be extorted from me in bitcoin. If you unplug your router and shut and open your laptop, you can force close everything and it’s fine. Very seedy all this crap. I am glad I don’t engage in it anymore."
175999906,Yeah it’s clear that this guy is talking to voices too. But holy geez is he ever LOUD. Sometimes he’ll be out there just screaming for hours.
175999907,"I don’t think i have ever been a danger to anyone but myself really. When I’m really psychotic I usually stop eating and drinking. Last time I thought the water was poisonous so I was dehydrated which makes you even more psychotic. I used to think family and friends I had wanted to kill me. I said something about killing but I can’t remember what I was psychotic and ranting and didn’t know reality or what I was on about. I’m not a violent person though. Even when I thought my loved ones were torturing me I still loved them even though I did not think they loved me back then. I did not feel loved by my mum and I felt hated by her and she tried to drown me when I was a child and told me not to tell anyone or they would take me away and I would never see her again someone else felt more like a mother. Who is this woman.she said I am her only daughter and that I’m like the love of her life and that she’s proud of me and other nice words but it was not my mum I was raised with.does my mum 
I was raised with feel like a friend?i don’t know .i adore her and love her so much but it does not feel maternal somehow. I loved her more than I could ever say when she hated me,tried to kill me and regretted me and said I ruined her life etc and she is not affectionate but the other woman that raised me is not affectionate with me either but it can’t be her either because she has a daughter my sister. I don’t want to be disloyal and I adore her but she is not so motherly and we have a strange relationship and she has a he ll of a temper.she is or was dangerous .to me anyway because she truly hated me.strange."
175999908,"This is new to me, I just started reading about it. I’m not sure why they combine eye movements with psychotherapy. It seems like they think the distraction helps. If someone was paying for it, I’d try basically anything. Except Electro-shock therapy that is."
175999909,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175999910,"I was scared too, for many years, to get any sort of mental health help. I can tell you first hand my life is better on the meds. I think more clearly, I’m not scared as often, and my psychotic symptoms have lessened. The side effects suck, but wear off over time, the psychosis is worse than side effects I believe you know the answer for yourself. And I believe you will make the right call"
175999911,i didn’t know we can’t eat/drink grapefruit =/
175999912,Does taking antipsychotic meds make you dumb Does it cause permanent brain damage… I feel my iq has decreased… Is it because im taking med right now…
175999913,I am immortal and have lived aeons on this planet before the first humans were seen. Wheres the immortal option?
175999914,Are you a tattoo artists
175999915,I looked it up and there doesn’t seem to be in the US. I really hope there isn’t. I switched from Haldol to loxapine because of the Haldol shortage.
175999916,Last time I was in the psych emergency section of the hospital they placed me in restraints because I was punching the glass divider surrounding the nurses station.
175999917,you cannot heal in the same environment in which you fell ill. Right?
175999918,No I don’t. 155
175999919,I feel like you should def eat more than 1000 to 1200 calories a day…
175999920,Oh man. Both hands?! You have really bad luck! I hope it improves soon
175999921,for me it was not wanting to rely on a ‘cocktail’ of meds to keep me well I think i hated the idea that there was anything wrong with me it’s been a long time since then and can’t be sure but it was all about my identity and not wanting to “be a problem”
175999922,What if your psychiatrist is jealous ?
175999923,"How does your illness affect your piano playing? I’m also a musician, but at least so far playing an instrument can help distract me from the symptoms. Sometimes the voices act like an audience and cheer me on. They are tired of hearing me practice the same songs, but that’s not my problem. I’m learning some very difficult stuff and it takes a lot of practice. I’m actually sick of it too, lol."
175999924,My therapist would see me every two weeks- before Covid. Now we don’t even do over the phone meetings cause well… I don’t want to talk over the phone. My prescriber on the other hand seems very uninterested… I talk to her once a month or less
175999925,"Great,nice voice…"
174341616,I am trying to learn shiatsu and am wondering whether pain killers might help me develop faster in a kind of reverse osmosis sort of way?
175999926,"Anyone ever think about how shitty it is to have this illness. Most days I just live and brush off the fact that I have it, but sometimes it really gets to me with all of the complex symptoms and ????"
175999927,I comp[lain about an unfelt headache that makes unknown misery and then I don’t know why I am so mean…
175999928,Some people can be real jerks. Try not to let it get to you.
175999929,Sleep pattern is ****_NAME_. Second time in a few days I’ve felt so overwhelmingly tired after the evening meal that I’ve felt the need to go to bed. Slept nearly 5 hours.
175999930,"Zyprexa has helped me more than anything. I’ve been on 1/2 of a 2.5 tablet since 1997. It made me put on a few extra pounds, and makes my cholesterol and blood sugar run a bit high. I’ve tried several other aps but they were just a nightmare, they made me nervous and I couldn’t sleep plus some other bad side effects. I can’t take generic olanzapine and I can’t take a higher dose. I think I function fairly well on Zyprexa, it helped me sleep from the first dose. My only other symptoms off the APs were delusional, mania, weight loss, angry and agitated. I believe it took about 2 or 3 weeks to help with those symptoms. Life would really be miserable without Zyprexa and I doubt if I would be alive."
175999931,Sorry my brother just part of my english
175999932,I really can’t remember but what I do remember is when I was on here for the very first time I was so happy.
175999933,My provider is constantly surprising me because she doesn’t hold a grudge. She is amazing. I love her. The problem is I’m so hard headed I can’t get used to her goodness. I keep expecting the unforgiving.
175999934,Hope you well for the position!!
175999935,_PERSON_ I think ppl who don’t have the issue how could they know the answer maybe that’s why I felt it was a bit… Something
175999936,"Mine is bad, if I take my time I can do better"
175999937,What work do you do _AT_MENTION_? I don’t feel bad because I paid into the system for close to 30 years so I earned it
175999938,"Yes, that’s true. No one can guarantee my sanity and recovery"
175999939,"I kinda lost count. I think I’ve been hospitalized 5 times…at least 4 anyways…from _PHONE_NO_ I believe. I should check my records with my doctor to be sure, I suppose."
175999940,It’s a nightmare to smoke weed for me used to be heaven I get panicky
175999941,"Not 23 hours, you don’t get up to eat and go to the bathroom? I am also in bed all day, I just get up to eat, go to bathroom and 2 times a week to play video games. I have been like that since my diagnosis 9 years ago. I am now 30. I think I will have a heart attack soon. I am taking meds for high blood pressure and high cholesterol."
175999942,fig0330643×941 80.1 KB _PERSON_-young_1740×800 319 KB 3_2_1892×1300 217 KB gettyimages-2637237_11200×1200 188 KB IMG_20210324_190006_365_1872×872 706 KB
175999943,That’s around 700 calories for the day. You should ask a dietitian if it’s safe.
175999944,"Forest bathing, as it’s known in Japan. Is great for anyone. I especially find it helpful to detox from the stressful and confusing world and spend some time sitting in the trees, quietly contemplating, or just relaxing. It really can bring perspective in life and a feeling of inner joy and freedom. Try getting out to a peaceful spot especially when life feels overwhelming or your mind is just too agitated to be happy."
175999946,With people? I used to have sex with rocks but I was pretty stoned then.
175999947,And you don’t think that’s proof enough that you’re mentally ill?
175999948,Did you want a name change?
175999949,This is a great way to cause brain damage from repeated withdrawals and psychosis.
175999950,It’s easy from my perspective on having no real sex life to say belligerently that those individuals are but I can’t make that judgement unless I become otherwise. For all I know they may have it made.
175999951,You should call your psychiatrist and report this.
175999952,I’m not threatening you. I’m just saying you need to read up on the issue.
175999953,"_AT_MENTION_, yes, this is a print book. I will sell it for $15, I hope, if the owner ok’s that, it’s what I sold it for to my writing groups and friends in my area. I still have plenty of books in a box in my closet. But I need to make something for word of mouth on ebooks sales, currently just mostly plugging them on Facebook and my blog."
175999954,I will be in Peace.
175999955,They’re calling this virus the “Kung Flu”. Kung Fu didn’t even originate in China from what I hear. I can’t believe that in this day and age people are being racist against Chinese Americans (and Chinese people in general) because of this. Get a brain people.
175999956,"_PERSON_ i didnt expect it to work just like other ADs, but it seems to have had an impact on me for the better"
175999957,Who’s _NAME_?
175999958,Isn’t your point that you agree with the quote? Your answer doesn’t really support that claim.
175999959,"Some of my friends are already married. I assume many of my friends will. I’m ok with that, however. I just wish I could have made it to my friend’s wedding, which happened last winter!"
174341620,"4mg Risperdal but its not just about the dose and med, its about body chemistry, we have different body chemistry. Some users are on strong meds or a higher dose and have much less negative symptoms than me."
175999960,"it’s better than being addicted to it, which I’ve been, many times. maybe get into a routine, same time every day, like an alarm clock."
175999961,Green tea is a good mood stabilizer for me. It doesn’t solve all my problems. It makes me better able to tolerate them.
175999962,"_AT_MENTION_ you’re a programmer, Shut it."
175999963,No one here experienced disorientation from SZ?
175999964,Because of the poxy side effects im now a stone lighter and i havent done any exercise
174341633,"ive full remission from sza since 2010, i am totally free"
174341630,"At the prices that these things seem to go for on Amazon, it did cross my mind to start manufacturing some sort of radiation-protection hats or garments and sell them on Etsy."
175999965,"Rather than give them the two fingers, why not just ring them and explain why your not happy with their support. I think you would do yourself a dis-service- if you told them to f-off and have nothing to do with them. You never know when you might need them. Ive slagged off my provider on many an occasion - but we have always come to a satifactory conclusion."
175999966,"Since when is believing in black holes, for example, comparable to the tooth fairy? I don’t have time for this and don’t care. You know they are real right? You definitely got issues too. Congratulations on being able to get a paycheck. Not that it matters to me much anyways. You’re calling me delusional for an intelligent response and insulting me and others for not being able to work. Just because you cannot comprehend physical processes doesn’t mean I got the issue. If you’re so sensitive, why not just go to the meme section of the forum and post there???"
174341623,"I lost mine eventually and my positive symptoms are still gone on 20mg/day of Geodon. They come back if I go off of it (doc suggested I try as she was curious). I do need to maintain a baseline dose of AP, but the Amyloban seems to boost the heck out of it."
175999967,Not the first time you have had to point that out!
174341626,Welcome! Good to have you here.
175999968,"On my surname line 3gt- cabinet maker,joiner, inn keeper 2gt - coach builder, shopkeeper gt -telephone engineer, ended up as chief inspector engineering department grandfather - Higher clerical officer father - short spell as an army officer then joined Foreign office. Took early retirement after serving as British consul general for Atlanta.Who’s who entry since 1978."
175999969,The thing is I would probably enjoy things like that these days. I used to walk different routes home just so I didn’t walk past the cliffs.
175999970,"Email I wrote him Hello . I have been thinking. I don’t want to work with community nursing anymore. I believe it’s a hindrance to me moving forward. Nothing ever gets done, you made me feel un-listened too when I rang the team and spoke to you about everybody being after me. You made out that I’m a malingerer by your reaction which I think caught you off guard. Basically you are only there to make sure I’m compliant with the medication. I want to see a psychologist to have appointee (they have control of my benefits like a guardianship order) annulled. I have been stalled at every opportunity. I have been asking since at least the 3rd October 2019 (and way before that) saying I want appointee annulling. It took 5 months to get appointment in March with psychologist. Then it’s stalled again from Covid 19 and no time frame when I will get appointment. Why can’t the psychologist do a video call or phone me to do the assessment? Dr can but she can’t? I have been stalled when I have asked 
to move out. My anxiety never gets resolved about my dread of other people moving in here. Nothing is resolved about me wanting to move out or have financial independence. I believe you only play me lip service. Looking back at the emails I’ve sent you I’m like a broken record writing this all this again. I’m not going to work with community nursing again. Kind regards _NAME_"
175999971,I feel so dumb because i dont know where this camera is.
175999972,Maybe for our genetic defects.
175999973,maintaining something is very hard when confidence is low I am trying to raise my confidence before I start maintaining more things the only thing im strictly focusing on in terms of maintain atm is talk therapy and my diet and meditation
175999974,"Ukraine government decided that the crazies are the burden of their family and not the government. Frankly, it was always the case and even in the best of days the doctors were basically mafia, but now it’s official policy."
175999975,Medical marijuana is reducing my fathers chronic back and leg pain. He doesn’t have a psychotic disorder. Although some psychotic patients tolerate marijuana fine. But overall it can increase psychotic symptoms with schizophrenia.
175999976,"did you go for that job interview today? or did i get the date wrong? sorry you not feeling well, maybe it is stress of financial reasons?"
175999977,"Before meds I used to have three voices. _NAME_, a guy I used to work with, that’s his real name. The leader of the _NAME_ in my town. He’s very sadistic and very focused on making me suffer he gets enjoyment from tormenting me. Saying this, when he was at its worst on a plane ride home (he tried to get me to open the emergency exits,in flight and wanted me to make the plane crash) I actually laughed at him and compared him to _NAME_. I lold at the time which took enormous strength. _NAME_, he’s an _NAME_ operative who I attributed to my old neighbor who I thought was watching me through cameras. He was very sadistic but rational and intelligent. He’s second in command, but at the same rank of _NAME_.His one focus was to punish me for the insult I said to _NAME_ (leader of the _NAME_ in my town) and to make me insane. His words. _PERSON_, he’s a member of the Provisional _NAME_ and was sent to keep an eye on _NAME_ and _NAME_, to make sure they don’t make me do something stupid, he’s 
a guardian of sorts. He’s a high ranking PIRA commander on the same level as _NAME_ but in the PIRA instead of the _NAME_. But he has a dark side, in the early stages he was very sadistic as well telling me to kill and got enjoyment out of my suffering (when the voices got loud) he’s the one I hear when I get whispers and faint voices nowadays. _NAME_, is the boss of ownie. He’s the head of the PIRA in my town. _PERSON_ answers to _NAME_ but not _NAME_ or _NAME_. He came because I was intimidating ownie by reading his mind (or hearing his thoughts) and _NAME_ was meant there to prove that I couldn’t read minds and to reassure ownie. He was a very old fashioned, kind of reassuring voice which Sounded like he was the boss of the PIRA. Always ensured me it was never too late to start a new life away from all the voices. He actually made a deal with _NAME_ to make him stop sending voices for two days a week. But he also had a dark side, non shelontly telling me to kill myself after I tried but failed to r
ationalize my way out of hearing voices._NAME_ told me to do this as an experiment by Telling myself it wasn’t possible to hear voices. It actually dulled them a bit."
175999978,Or why are y’all in denial about my autism
175999979,"I know there are a few here who would ignore the fact it’s an Onion video just to justify their delusions. Personally I did not find their satire that funny, and it was pretty insulting and demeaning to us as a group. Was a cheap shot"
175999980,_USER_ID_ with that hopefully they get you on the right meds.
174341631,So you believe that you’re schizophrenic now?
175999981,"I let them speak and try to understand why they are feeling sick, and then i try to lead their thoughts away speaking about something they might be interested in."
175999982,Also the skyline r32
175999983,The medical team are very knowledgable and experienced
175999984,"How about now?what’s your weight ,medicine and dosage"
174341638,"Thankyou _AT_MENTION_ , this looks interesting"
175999985,I think it would make me manic.
175999986,When I have to make a phone call my heart starts palpitating. When the door Bell rings my heart skips a beat. I use lavender oil. It helps a bit. I hate being on edge.
175999987,I think a lot of people are not 100% open with their pdoc sometimes so it can happen quite a lot.
175999988,Yes. I think this is typical of us.
175999989,"I have very little energy, for me it could be that the majority of the time I’m experiencing a low mood."
174341634,I know abilify can treat depression and give you more energy. Does it have any effect (good or bad) on your ability to appreciate music? Thanks
174341639,"Well, as _AT_MENTION_ said. It takes some time for a Schizophrenia diagnosis so it’s possible it’s just a matter of time. I’m not sure I fully agree with that statement as I have only had delusions and not hallucination or voices and I am diagnozed Sz. I think that is going to be a doctors call. It’s good that you have insight into your delusions though. Regardless of your official diagnosis maybe the meds are doing their job and thats what matters."
175999991,"I was on this drug. I had to take loads of diazepam and procyclidine to cope with the side effects. I had a lot of movement problems. Plus side is no weight gain, but as it’s older the other EPS effects can be off putting. We’re all different though. Highly effective med"
175999992,This is automatically what popped in my head after reading that comment: Screenshot_20200128-040119_Samsung Internet941×978 338 KB
175999993,"It’s an animal study showing how the fruit , pear, has antipsychotic potential, but in mice/rat study. Maybe I should eat more pears. https://innovareacademics.in/journals/index.php/ijpps/article/view/14541/10517"
175999994,"No, I Have A Problem With, Say, A Young Adult Having Serious Issues Being Scared Away From Listening To Their Doctors About The Subject Of Medications. And Going Down A Very Long And Dangerous Road To Avoid Odd Meaningless Talk. I Never Had Problems In Those Areas. But!, The Actual Side Effects Did Scare Me. So Yea And Such. SincerelY, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic)"
175999995,I like it very much _AT_MENTION_ !
175999996,You ARE suicidal right now. It is a good thing your doctor recognizes this and is trying to save your life.
175999997,I would try to shower at least once a week. You could get bad skin infections. Who knows what other problems. And launder your clothes.
175999998,There is 300-600 mg of phosphatidyserine in suppléments There is 100 mg in Meat Why does the supplément improve the condition seeing that it’s available in food at dosages more or less than dosage in phosphatidyserine ???
175999999,Yes unfortunately I’ve had this too
176000000,"Hear what your doctor has to say. They know way more about it than us, and he might be able to calm you down and answer your questions. Who knows, you might not even need treatment. Or if you do, maybe it’ll make you feel better than you do now. I understand it’s scary, but try not to wind yourself up. Go to your appointment and don’t be afraid to ask questions. Bring a notepad and write down what the doctor says so you won’t forget, if you feel that’ll help. Sometimes doctors give a lot of information and the patient gets confused."
176000001,Nature can be pretty brutal too. I think humans can be so like animals and animals have humanistic personalities. My fav animal is of course cats. They domesticated themselves whilst animals like dogs had to be bred to live with us.
176000002,_AT_MENTION_ I don’t want anything to do with that place but because I am trying for disability I have to keep going to therapy and my nurse
176000003,"Well, I don’t know if I am going to go off it. Thanks for responding."
176000004,Veggi chili n cornbread sounds like my life would change for the better i gotta go food shopping soon.
176000005,"Then the best thing to do, if it’s the AP’s making you on the edge of psychosis, is to taper off them, one at a time, and very slowly, with pdoc supervision. Who wants to be in the position of your meds making you sick or vulnerable?"
176000006,I’m sorry they were mean about it. That really sucks.
176000007,This is a beautiful song dealing with the suicide of the artist’s friend
176000008,"I worked at a half nineties/half classic rock radio station in the 1990s. I actually couldn’t stand the 90s music that they were playing. I had the ability to see all these bands for free and turned my nose up. The Goo Goo Dolls, _USER_ID_, Counting Crows, _PERSON_ etc. I was eventually fired from that job of course."
176000009,"This is me nearly every day as of late. I am tired of waiting for my lectures to start. I am also tired of waiting to hear back from a job. My new iPad arrives soon, so I will start a project that I was meaning to start - getting rid of paper and fixing up my room."
174341645,"If you don’t mind me asking, are you Schizoaffective? ADHD and Depression mimic each other in terms of focus problems. During my undergraduate and graduate study years, I would drink 8 cups of coffee a day to cope. My doctor and I were certain I had ADHD. These problems went back to early childhood. But, now, I have a very good doctor, and he says that it is all related to the Schizoaffective. Even staring blankly in the classroom at the blackboard since time I can recall (was a symptom)."
176000010,I was 25 when I got sz
176000011,"The ego. It kills me. You’re a supernatural, enlightened being? Come on man, you just aren’t that special, you’re just like us. Anyway, Back to the original question, I think any person, with sz, that works through their symptoms and manages a happy life is a successful person."
176000012,"I was to forced quit coffee back in the day when meds made me extremely insomniac. I guess just stick to your guns and see how it goes. I’m also here with _PERSON_ on this one, headaches can be very traumatic for some people."
176000013,"im obsess with skulls, i have one skull tattoo im get one more."
176000014,That is great! Good that it healed.
176000015,"it wouldn’t even bother me. sure it would get boring, but i wouldn’t care, i would have nothing to worry about other than other patients and would be taken care of. maybe after some time in there it would restore my will to live and have freedom and rich life experiences."
176000016,Because it helps with a lot of different symptoms and has a low side effect profile.
174341642,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ .
176000018,"Hi. CBD has helped me to manage my anxiety with great success. Others have said it is not so great for them. I think it depends on the person. It has not helped with delusions or hallucinations, though. For that,I still need my AP. I was able to give up my anxiety med (with doctor approval) after I had been on the CBD for a while."
176000019,Thats a high dose it should be helping with the mania. Are things funnier for you during psychosis that you laugh or is the psychosis itself funny like funny voices delusions etc.
176000020,that we would live in a fashionable age. where everybody dresses stately and goes outside and assumes their own authority. it would be such a show. who would be in charge if everybody proclaims themselves kings and queens? just something i think about sometimes every so often.
174341649,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Capgras Syndrome in the Young: Schizophrenia or Alzheimer Disease? _PERSON_, B _NAME_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Alzheimer disease and associated disorders , Jan 2020 07 This is a case report of an atypical presentation of early onset Alzheimer disease (EOAD) in a young patient with Capgras syndrome and cognitive impairment. The concurrent onset of psychiatric and cognitive symptoms prompted a detailed evaluation for a neurodegenerative disease. A 50-year-old male lawyer presented with low mood, apathy, delusions, and auditory hallucinations over 18 months. He considered his wife as an imposter and would require her text message to confirm her identity. He became more forgetful and had to give up his law practice. His neuropsychological assessment was impaired in all domains. Genetic testing revealed homozygosity for APOEe4 alleles. His magnetic resonance imaging showed predominant parietal and medial temporal atrophy, [18F]Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography showed fronta
l, parietal and posterior temporal hypometabolism and [18F]Flutemetamol positron emission tomography was positive for amyloid deposition, leading to the diagnosis of EOAD. This case highlights EOAD as a differential diagnosis in young patients who present with Capgras syndrome."
176000021,"I’ve been on Clozapine for over a year. I notice that beside’s a “weird feeling”; much like a tired or drowsy feeling; no other side effects. However, I was not aware it “kills white blood cells”. I’m not aware of amisulpride. Good luck to you."
176000022,I’ll have to test them. But I have to prepare for if I’m right.
176000023,"I’m using Amazon prime to get amyloban in just two days _AT_MENTION_ sign up for 30 day amazon prime trial and use amazon.com Amazon.com: Mushroom Wisdom Amyl Oban 3399, 180 Count: Health & Personal..."
176000024,But as an adult I suppose you will have the right to try it and see how it works out.
176000025,I can’t think of any. I don’t have positive qualities.
174341650,"sciencedirect.com Evidence for prefrontal cortex hypofunctioning in schizophrenia through... Patients with schizophrenia (SCZ) exhibit a variety of symptoms related to altered processing of somatosensory information. Little is known, however, … PFC damage is classically found to be associated with impaired social function in general and antisocial personality disorder in particular. Could it be that SZ is a form of adult-onset APD? If so, it could explain the classical dichotomy between having aggressive urges due to inhibitory misfunction and not being “evil” people (due to having grown up with a functioning forebrain)…"
176000026,Just let this day go and rebuild tomorrow.
174341640,"I had before I was diagnozed with schizophrenia as an adolescent, I had CBT for it and it went away in a few weeks, maby its something you could try."
176000027,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for everything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Projec
t — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176000028,^^^ THAT. I wish governments would seize the children of smokers and put them with responsible parents who aren’t actively trying to kill them.
176000029,This seems really interesting but sadly it is a bit above my reading ability.
176000030,"Lumateperone is still very new, and not enough research has been done on it in regards to sexual side effect profile. APs like this one gives me hope for the future treatment of psychotic disorders. Eventually, they will figure out how to pinpoint certain dopamine receptors and leave others untouched, so that sexual side effects won’t happen with new treatments in the future. Will this happen in our lifetime? I hope so."
176000031,"It’s the tendency for people to want to put people in a compartment. Like she’s mentally ill, or she’s fat, or she’s masculine. And once again we are frustrated by the lack of a pronoun that includes both genders. Who would we take that up with, the _PERSON_ of _PERSON_?"
176000032,When I was psychotic I thought I had brain cancer cos of wat the voice was saying and cos of this pressurised noise coming out my brain. My voice asked me to go a e to get it checked out. They saw I was unstable so they actually put me in the machine and pretended that they did it lol wtf!!
176000033,_AT_MENTION_ what’s up brother. Ive came across some posts you say you got through vraylar insomnia? Can you touch on that. Lol sorry for bothering you
176000034,they want me to fail this grade… i rly want to get good grades and not fail because I’m already behind a year
176000035,I experience so much of the same things you mentioned! I also agree that the entities/spirits/demons monitor me 247 and I can never get away from them. I hear machine/computer like noises while physically feeling as if a device is inside me. The entities will say things while this is occurring as if they are in control of it. I’ve experienced other things that have led me to believe this is true.
176000036,good luck with the colonoscopy! it must be hard doing the diet before it…
174341648,"World reading your mind, people living inside your head can see through your eyes. Voices telling you your thoughts before you have them all day everyday. Physicals to go along with what the voices are saying to you. Voices convincing you of delusions. And.they.are.very.convincing.Puking up from the stress. Can’t sleep with the voices. Just read my topics on my account"
176000037,"The studies say you need to take it with at least 500 calories. If I ever take it on less than that, it makes me dizzy."
174341653,"When did he start taking this? I’ve noticed that he doesn’t show up on the forum anymore, lol. Did you have more negative symptoms after taking abilify? That may have been why. I’ve also noticed someone else getting improvement from beta alanine. They said it was a lifesaver"
174341654,I sometimes think about my old life before my physical disease but now I know that thinking about my past just gives me remorse and bitterness. I can’t even walk normally anymore. Hopefully my doctor says yes to trying _AT_MENTION_’s recommendations. I strongly advise you to not think of your past. It’s not good for your well-being.
176000038,"Only been restrained twice, once upon forced admission to hospital, and one time trying to escape, injected with instant sleepy time juice both times. I think it’s necessary even though it’s traumatic."
176000039,Good luck!!!
176000040,I wanted to buy _NAME_ eyeglasses but never got around to it.
176000041,"For me, it helped to think about what I wanted my anger to accomplish, and whether it was actually accomplishing that goal. I wanted to convince others to hate him also. But I eventually came to terms with the idea that that would never happen. Once I accepted that there would be no benefit to staying angry, it got easier to let go of the anger. Not completely, but just to the point where it no longer feels harmful to me."
176000042,No. And absolutely hell no.
176000043,"Hahaha. So true. And God said, “Let there be misery.”"
176000044,There are a lot of Chinese people in Ontario and BC. I’ve met a lot of Chinese people when I was in Canada.
176000045,"Hugs _AT_MENTION_ . Mine only lasted roughly 24 hours, hopefully yours is quick also."
176000046,Do you nap during the day?
176000047,"People overexagrrate about dependency of benzodiapines. Yes it’s addictive, put taking like 5 or 10mg diazepam often it’s not bad. Real problem starts when people take like 2mg+ of clonazepam or xanax daily."
176000048,yea i wouldn’t worry too much about it either… if you really worry too much then ask your gp doc
176000049,Oh that sucks. I wonder how many mania meds there is.
176000050,"I’ve been to the hospital once, but I’ve come close to going again like 4 or 5 times. I was 19 years old when I went to the mental hospital. I went around 10 days. That was like 22 years ago. I remember one time I asked my dad if I could go the mental hospital and he said, “no just go to sleep and see how you feel tomorrow” He was right. I felt better the next day."
174341658,Are you still on them? Ritalin
176000051,This is why I refuse to travel to certain places. I will not fly anywhere near where there is trouble. It’s scary these things can happen
176000052,"Hmm? They have two types of injections… one which has the bottle of the medicine which u need to mix with liquid and one which has a prefilled syringe. They themselves said that it spilt out, I’m not a medical professional so idk how is it possible…"
176000053,Good luck with all that. I get anxiety attacks whenever I need to do something new. And then I just take a deep breath and say this is it and then just power through it. It always turns out just fine.
176000054,Wonderful news! Cbt has really helped a lot of people.
174341659,"Hello, I have schizophrenia with negative symptoms since I am 22, now I am 29. I tried suicide twice thinking I am Jesus. I can’t keep a job for more than a month, I just rage quit without even telling anyone at the job. They called me and I said I don’t want to work anymore. Now my parents asked me to leave the house, they said I am useless and that I am faking my illness. They said mental illness doesn’t exist. They don’t want me if I don’t work even if I give them all the money I can receive from the government. I am helping people online with their computers for free since I quit my job. I can’t do anything else. Now I am in Canada Quebec and I don’t know what to do other than asking my psychiatrist. I hope my parents will let me stay until my psychiatrist appointment. Were any of you in the same situation? What would you do? Is there affordable houses for schizophrenics and would the government pay some of the rent? I would like to live alone in peace. Thanks"
176000055,Wonderfully put.
176000056,Hope you feel better _AT_MENTION_
176000057,"i am feeling pretty good. how are you guys doing? keep happy. that’s the key (at least i hope so). hope. don’t forget to. hugs and all my love, _NAME_"
176000058,"No, they are not familiar"
174341662,"zyprexa, seroquel and abilify at low doses"
176000059,About 6 weeks fully psychotic but I had small symptoms/paranoia before that.
176000060,I feel much more awake and clear minded on it. So many people have noted how much better I seem.
176000061,Malnutrition is really bad. Slightly obese is ok but not too much.
176000062,No he doesn’t think he has problems.
176000063,Maybe talking with a therapist can help. They often have strategies for dealing with things.
176000064,I keep track of small victories like 6 1/2 months since my last hospital stay. I have been dealing with sza for a long time.
176000065,"No you don’t need help too much. We are all here for one another. Through thick and thin. You are always the first one to jump in with positive and encouraging words. You are well loved and respected and you are not a bother, nor are you asking too much. We’re here for you gladly."
176000066,I also enjoy morning walks I listening to the birds and the animals waking. Plus it’s still hot here so to avoid another heat stroke my doctor wants me to in morning.
176000067,Nice pic 151515
176000068,Inpatient? Doctor? Can your family take you?
176000069,I barely have internet right now and I’m doing a lot more drawing than I used to. I also finished a crochet project. And I’ve been cooking elaborate meals more often.
176000070,Here’s an in depth article. Cambridge Core Management of antipsychotic-induced hyperprolactinaemia Welcome to Cambridge Core
176000071,I’m not sure what I’m doing today… doing laundry and picking out clothes to take with me when I go stay at my friends. Probably gonna drop another letter off… only got 5 and a half hours of sleep last night
174341663,Those are generally dangerous and can cause permanent heart damage.
174341661,oh yeah…i think i’m remembering now you said in another thread that they “wouldnt even let you get a bird”. That was you wasnt it?
176000072,i feel like if i talk about it no one would believe me. because of my mental illness. they would think i’m the problem.
176000073,"Daily: Magnesium, D-vitamin, Fish Oil, Melatonin, Ginger, B3, B6, Chlorella, vitamin C. Occasionally(2-3 times pr week): NAC, Lysine, Carnitine, Amino-acid complex, Coq10, vitamin-K."
176000074,It was more that I shut it down to maintain the peace. I think some criticism can be educational and I don’t think that response was too harsh. People won’t always agree with you and it just shows you how some things can spiral out of control rather quickly. Lesson learned. People going tit for tat on the boards isn’t constructive and often some helpful criticism may lead to that. You push some buttons and you have to understand that on the internet here there’s a lot of paranoia whether real or not.
176000075,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_. My episodes usually last an hour or less. I can do this! We got snow last night. It’s so pretty, but starting to melt already lol"
174341674,The only time I had a job for more than 6 months was when I was on Latuda but I had some positive symptoms and some catatonia.
176000076,Thought broadcasting was hell for me the more the voices criticized my thoughts the worse they got and then they said they posted them on facebook and amplied that the entire country knew about my thoughts and a supposed mafia voice got angry at me because of them and screamed at me and made death threats.
176000077,"I found out tonight that my brand new, excellent, professional, empathetic therapist doesn’t accept my insurance. I called the insurance company myself and just found out. Oh well, I lost a really good therapist and I’m really bummed out by it. I’ll probably take a break from therapy for a while. I highly doubt I’ll find another qualified therapist like her. Plus now I have to pay for 5 sessions out of pocket."
176000078,Mine wasn’t any of the recalled ones. I checked with my pharmacy so I’m good. But thanks for letting everyone know
176000079,"he rose from being dead on the 3rd day, divine makes him god"
174341669,You make jokes out of everything
176000080,Fine work _AT_MENTION_. And yes you are posting your work in the right place: the creativity section
176000081,Each time I stopped my meds I got rebound symptoms too - often within a week. After my first few years of sza I got better and with pdoc’s help could come off my meds but then five years later I got ill again and been on meds ever since (been eight years back on meds) I could never reach that level of recovery again. I tried recently to lower my dose of amisulpride to 100mg (half minimum dose of 200mg) and in four days I had the evil spirit in my head (Alien) telling me to kill my husband and telling me I’m a murderer and trying to control me and kill my husband through me. It was so distressing that I took 300mg amisulpride for two days and fortunately Alien subsided. There’s just no way I can stop my meds now. Symptoms just keep on returning. I’ve been in hospital several times when trying to reduce doses
176000082,Awesome! I hope it goes well!
174341668,"But they took it down because I wasn’t meeting their content or writing standards. Blah! Also, Psychcentral has a schizophrenia podcast with this guy who isn’t even schizophrenic. I don’t know why I get envious of people like that. I have three kids who need me and I have to stay home with them."
176000083,"I am not paranoid now I am just done with the glorifying of medication It has its upsides but downsides too. I understand the meds work for you but I can function well without them and it should be respected. I am not special, I just do not have SZ like most of yall do"
174341675,Just take ldopa o l tyrosine
176000084,Yeah i get anxious about even going down to the corner shop when ive been indoors for a few days. A good drum and bass track on the earbuds helps tho lol.
176000085,Sounds good matey. Would like to see the finished product. Glad your involved in a project which promises so much for the mi community. Well done you.
176000086,"I’ve been impulsive and hypersexual for the first half of my life. Now, in the last half, I’ve been totally asexual."
176000087,I have some problems that might not be able to fight off infection.
176000088,Because I had some symptoms and I have to raise my ap to highest dose
176000089,I started learning piano at age 14 but unfortunately I had to quit after about a year because my father was spending money like a lunatic and because of that we were broke and he had to sell my piano. I was always too poverty stricken to afford a piano or lessons. It wasn’t until I was 46 years old and they came out with digital pianos that I felt lessons were finally within reach.
176000090,It is all about how you feel about yourself. How you feel about yourself is what you should work on and that means positive self talk at all times. If you don’t live in social isolation understand that people like you and love you. Love yourself and what you are! Then the voices will change to positive ones.
176000091,Absolutely beautiful work _AT_MENTION_! What a gift to be able to see what you see and then on top of that to be able to re-create each image to share with other people. Amazing!!!
176000092,Is martial law possible?
176000093,"I never done drugs, but actually, in early 2006 I went to the mental hospital for severe depression (That’s the stress), and was put on antipsychotics. Then after 3 months, I had my first vision of a baby (I never had visual or auditory hallucinations before that)! So, I believe I developed super sensitivity psychosis, unfortunately…"
174341676,I am told I relapse within a sort time without meds.
176000094,With no meds mine are 24/7 with meds never
176000095,Any of you hear sounds accompanied by distress because you thing someting bad is happening but in the end was nothing?
176000096,What ap are you on and what’s your bmi
176000097,"Hey there I am the queen of resumes and getting jobs and interviews lol! Here’s my tips: Basic, find a resume template that you like from word on whatever computer you are using Fill out the objective! Fill it with general stuff you can google what to write in your objective and then copy what it says, for mine I do a lot of retail so my objective is customer service oriented, you can google ‘customer service resume objective’ if you want Skills: for this here’s five basic skills anyone can put on a resume: multi-tasking, punctual, detail oriented, comprehend and follow written and oral instructions, strong organizational skills Experience: you can put two to three things here, your most recent job or any volunteer work, even if you were a teachers aid in high school. I had that on my resume for a while and it got me jobs, under the experience just put two to three things you did there Education if you didn’t graduate idk, just skip over it I guess but if you did you can put High School D
iploma down, if you took an excel class or a Microsoft word class you can put that down too Anything extra like if you want to include volunteer work or something but it’s optional My other advice is to find out if there is a place that can help you creat a resume and find jobs and take classes. In my town there is a worksource Center that does just that. Oh and include your phone number and email address under your name, that will be on your template too. Also volunteer work goes a long way! Employers love that on resumes and it’s a fun way to spend your time, it helps keep me in reality and busy. My interview tips: be friendly!!! That is most important! One thing I do is keep my hands on the table if there is one, and thank the person at the end for their time. If they ask if you have any questions I always ask what is a typical work day like for my position. Everything else just use google! Good luck!"
176000098,Whats your dosage and how much year on this meds
176000099,they 4.9 rating of 5. They look legit to me.
176000100,"Psychosurgery is still used in cases of OCD where nothing works. It’s a refined version from the older times, but it still involves cutting part of the brain. It’s extremely rare, but it is still around."
176000101,"i live with my parents, thanks god there supportive but i pay 200 dollars rent every month, but going to move out in 2 years, i really want my own place. there no shame in living with parents if your no place to go."
176000102,"not going to take klonopin anymore, im prescribed it prn and take it rarely but i want to stop taking it altogether, also lowering sodium intake as i consume way too much sodium and today i woke up feeling terrible because of it. going to cook as much as possible and try to eat more clean foods vegetables and fish. going to enjoy life and not overthink and just go for something good when i have the opportunity and not hesitate like when j get s call about a job interview"
176000103,I don’t like people but I love God. A priest once told me that you can’t love God and hate people. I got news for him.
176000104,And scared sort of
176000105,Went off my meds in October 2017 and was psychotic from like week two just lived psychoticly there were some really high highs and some really low lows my family were really worried but i basicly just isolated myself and spent weeks talking to imaginary people and fearing the outside world then in early December my best friend i had not seen in a few months Died at 23 of a seizure. Lost my damn mind started hearing screaming like someone was being tourtured for a few hours a day thought it was all a set up to make me feel bad for not seeing her for a few months thought my family were drugging me plus 100 other deluded things lasted a week after her death till went back to doctors to get my scripts
176000106,"Mistakes make you regret Reflection makes you reset Hard work makes you sweat And following such path, Makes you forget That you ever had to regret That is the life of _NAME_"
176000107,Not going to argue there. I never used it so I cant really say much from personal experience
176000108,The only thing about the dentist I fear is the impact it has on my wallet.
176000109,I phoned my dr office and he put me on something else
174341666,"_PERSON_ sounds reasonable to me. Who cares if you’re sane if you’re morbidly obese, hate yourself and are going to die at 45 from the health issues related? Weight gain is no joke and a lot of doctors tend to just brush it off. Zyprexa is a killer for weight. Some weight neutral meds you could try are abilify, latuda, geodon, saphris, and rexulti. Geodon actually made my friend and I lose weight."
176000110,Talk to your worker. Tell me them that you want them to advocate for you on this.
176000111,can i have psychosis first time and know its psychosis having insight to it off meds? like telling my family to take me to hospital for it?
176000112,"Hard work and preparedness, usually."
176000113,"So long as it works, we can listen good."
176000114,"Hi!the bipolar boy and I have become couple,we do things together and he says he loves me and I believe him but now I have a lot of problems with family and friends because of his behavior in the past,they don’t believe he loves me and they say to me all the time this,I am very happy now but my family and friends make me feel like a ????,like if I don’t deserve to be loved."
176000115,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m sure it’s a delusion. If I am arrested overseas, they would have tracked me down. Also just checked the RCMP and I’m not on the list. I think I’m just having another delusion…"
176000116,I don’t want to die with my bedroom such a mess so I’ve got awhile
176000117,That’s too bad. When was he last seen?
176000118,Lol EH! Sorry but that makes me laugh. I mean you could laugh or cry so I will chose to laugh
176000119,they said i was non compliant with a total lack of insight in 2010 look at me now lol
176000120,"it’s now 12:30 p.m., and still no call from the temp agency, and they’ve been in the office since 7 a.m. hmmm. When we were watching the game last night, the NFL league had a commercial on that they were giving 250 M for BLM, and I told _NAME_, okay, but they fired _NAME_, and won’t give him his job back. And _NAME_ said it’s because it was a big deal in the beginning and now it isn’t, plus he threatened to sue the NFL. so yeah, I learned my lesson, don’t threaten to sue an employer, and expect to get your job back."
176000121,Diazepam and alcohol will make you black out. I had a prescription for klonopin and would drink a lot and black out sometimes
176000122,I don’t. 151515
176000123,Sounds like some progress. Diagnosis is often something that will change over time. Important to take the meds and it will all sort itself out.
176000124,Those colors are spectacular!!
176000125,"You’re completely correct. If there’s no history of substance abuse in this case then Ambien 5-10mg/night should help aid the sedating effects of Zyprexa. Because you are correct in that Zyprexa, along with Seroquel, Risperidone, and sometimes even Geodon are literally the most fast-acting, longest deeply sedating atypical antipsychotics. The danger here, though, is if any of those that I mentioned besides Ambien are mixed at a high enough dose, then respiratory depression becomes a major life-threatening concern. This more than doubles if she’s on a benzodiazapine andor an opioid for pain control. Sadly, there’s NOT enough reserch or independently run studies with large enough populations to appropriately interpret the outcoming statistical data which the FDA “relies upon” to “safely approve” these new antipsychotics. It’s scary but I’m not trying to frightened anyone I am merely explicating to you what I know to be factual as a former scientist and provider in the psychiatric 
medical community. ALWAYS be cautious. ALWAYS read the pamphlet the pharmacist attaches to your new medication prior to taking it for the first time. I’d also like to suggest trying natural remedies such as melatonin. Sounds like it’s hard to induce REM cycles of sleep for you. Perhaps higher doses of Melatonin are with a try. I hope this helps. I struggled greatly with sleep for years. Ambien 10mg at night with klonopin changed that for me. But everyone is different! So please do your due diligence in research. It’s your best tool in preventing any harm from any of these toxic substances. Let us know how it goes! Hollister"
176000126,That the world is watching me like a reality TV show.
176000127,"Psychosis is what makes me afraid of stimulants unless they gave me wellbutrin and it works, having a diagnosis would clarify my issues though well thats what i think."
176000128,100mg is quite low. I’m taking 250 mg and could go higher.
174341678,"Some people call pizza , pissa… That’s way off"
176000129,"Im a week overdue my Paliperdone Jab - and im feeling “loopy” , Ive just found myself talking to my delusions for the past couple of hours, And yes im a stupid bloody idiot for not having my Depot jab when it was due - I Thought i could cope without it and just rely on the Serqoul at night, but i obviously cant. CMHT rang me today - and Gently reminded me of the dangers of coming off a depot injection so suddenly. So im having it 10 am tommorow (Tuesday). Dont be a twat like me and mess with your meds folks. Cos im Suffering and its completely my fault. My commenting voices are even calling me a twat. Taken 300mg Quietiapine and hope that will do me till morning. Stay on your meds chaps. _NAME_ x"
176000130,how comes you moved away from Canada if it was such good experience?
174341673,Situations like that are tricky.
176000131,"Thank you! The layout of the text is a little different in my writing program, not nearly as many paragraph breaks, but I’m glad that didn’t ruin it. And yes, the urgency is what I was going for"
174341672,Not only am I schizoaffective but I found out that also I have PTSD… I’m not super surprised but now I have to have a test for if me delusions have been disassociating… Do you guys take meds for PTSD or is it just going to therapy that helps it? Can you tell the difference between the two illnesses???
176000132,"There is enough research about it. And I actually have gotten stupider. Denying the damage of AP isnt realistic. Sometimes the benefit is bigger though. Also, many things probably damage the brain: alcohol, too much internet use, bad diet, falls, some sports. The brain also has ways to work around damage. There are even people with huge brain damage that still function okay."
176000133,"So don’t expect a masterpiece IMG_20210505_0430281814×3655 1.55 MB But it’s not a train wreck piece either, in my opinion!"
176000134,"I understand, way in the beginning, when i was very very scared, i have been called a troll by someone. I wasnt purposefully doing anything bad… just being terrified of medication and psychiatry and very confused and ill. Im still a bit, but much less than before."
176000135,"I’m going to fight for a good one, feeling strong today, few symptoms not counting. You too!"
176000136,Oh im happy for you.
176000137,"I’ve tried up to 200mg of trazadone with no luck, I’ve tried 10mg of Doxapin with no luck, 200 mg of Seroquel worked well for a while then that stopped working and my pdoc didn’t want me on two atypical antipsychotics at the same time. 50mg of Loxapine seemed to work when I paired it with over the counter Unisom (not the benedryl ingredient one) 1mg of Klonopin will put me to sleep, 2mg of Ativan works as well. But overall I’m happy with the Ambien."
176000138,_AT_MENTION_ I started working out too in Hope’s to avoid gaining. _AT_MENTION_ I thought Seroquel made people sleepy. I’ve never had it but my husband has it for sleep.
176000139,_PERSON_ I can’t do low carb diets either. I mean by low carb how much carb are you eating roughly?
176000140,I’ve misread the topic… Is anybody married to this site?… Yes I’m married to this site. _PERSON_ divorced for 15 years now.
176000141,"Well in solitary confinement it was mandatory and lasted five months and was awful. Now if I’m confined I have only myself to blame, there’s lots of stuff to do. I just need to go out and go to meetups or find a nice county run outpatient program. The only obstacle is transportation since I crashed my truck at onset and never got a new one. As soon as I get one I’m gonna do more meetups."
176000142,"healio.com Childhood ADHD diagnosis increases risk for subsequent psychotic disorder Childhood ADHD appeared linked to increased risk for a subsequent psychotic disorder, according to results of a systematic review and _NAME_-analysis published in JAMA Psychiatry.“Epidemiologic evidence examining the association between ADHD and..."
176000143,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000144,Magazine. Wire. Mission of Burma. Gang of Four. And many more.
176000145,Hope you can get some help soon _AT_MENTION_.
176000146,Thank you really for the warm welcome.
176000147,DMG not adding?
174341682,i got autistic traits but i don’t have full autism or a spectrum diagnosis. i had been diagnosed with aspergers syndrome right before paranoid schizophrenia but the dsm changed things and then doctors doubt it. i don’t know what i have. the child in me thinks im just schizophrenic with genius level creativity and intellect despite a marginal iq of 120-140. i fantasized or wanted or believed i once had schizotypal aspergers or schizotypal autism but it’s not real and only recognized in eastern europe and russia. i don’t have it but i can imagine the smartest person in the world has it – the guy who solved _PERSON_ conjecture the perelman guy from russia. i have some finnish ancestry and have delusions im smart and stuff but i perform poorly on tests and thus there is no proof. i often felt they dumbed me down intentionally – most likely aliens. i can imagine and perceive a future where genetic babies have schizotypal autism minus the depression and stuff. you cannot find a lot of info on 
it because it’s not a recognized condition in the western world and it plays right in the delusion that im a super genius like perelman lol. but i don’t have it but i kinda wish i did.
176000148,Some people I have hurt but I did so for the greater good.
176000149,I think they recognize you need time to heal.
176000150,Most days to be honest. I would say.
176000151,"yeah i worked 6am til 2 or 3pm with an hour for lunch. we did most of our work in the morning, and it was easy in the afternoon, we would just do odds and ends maintenance of the golf course."
176000152,"My baby sister _NAME_ just turned 27 and is going into surgery either tonight or tomorrow for a ruptured appendix. This is the hospital that almost let hemorrhaged to death with the birth of my daughter. They do not care, they are the only hospital in the area for 300 square miles. I had to tell her to sign my mom as POA for medical because they didn’t even talk to her about anything. I am so mad, they wanted to take her phone cause they saw what I texted her about her rights, told her under no circumstances to have a doctor or nurse do anything without my mom present and as a witness. Don’t sign ???? in her state… I just got a text she’s out of surgery. She pushed to have it done tonight at my insistence. Now we’lll see if she gets sepsis like everyone else in the family that’s used that hospital. I know many of you are religious, and my sister and I are Pagans, but any prayers or well wishes would be appreciated. This is my sister who has always been there for me and my kids, even wit
h 8 years between us. They wouldn’t give her even morphine for pain until 5pm, she checked in and they confirmed burst appendix at 7am. I’m hoping she sleeps tonight, and is given pain meds cause they are ???? about it. She works for Wind Cave national Park in Hot Springs SD. Her deductible is 7500, she’s not gonna be able to move out. They have sent her home now, an hour after surgery. She’s getting 10 RXs for antibiotics, pain meds, and some preventative ????. They said her insurance wouldn’t pay for the stay. I ??????? hate this healthcare ????????."
176000153,100mg lamotrigine 300mg quetiapine 1mg haloperidol
176000154,_PERSON_ well we are very stressed creatures. I’m not one bit surprised.
176000155,"4mg Risperdal, not overmedicated as at 3mg I get symptoms when stressed a bit."
176000156,Well done! Congratulations!
176000157,i have complete memory blanks…on one occasion I was told that I abused my aunt verbally when she called round to me to help me with my psychosis ive been told I abused her verbally but I have no memory of it whatsoever…I have a complete memory blank…I cant remember it at all
176000158,"Oh, _PERSON_, dear. We all knew."
176000159,In the past I felt left out and that my life had been taken away from me. These days I’m doing well though and I’m just grateful for everything I have. As I got older I realized that I’m happier now than I was when I was younger. I can sit still and breathe. And I have a better life than I had when I was still using drugs and alcohol to cope.
176000160,Put all your effort into forgiving the people that wronged you. Sorry if that’s not what you want to hear but forgiveness will change your life.
176000161,Also I am not in any way trying to say that meds are bad or I am better off without meds. I acknowledge the value of meds but it’s just this one thing about negatives and meds that I am unable to process that’s where I need opinions.
176000162,"I have, and he hasn’t done much."
174341677,I was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia for many years then it changed to schizoaffective depressive type
176000163,I’m always concerned about others drugging my food. This could be OCD related though.
176000164,"Negative symptoms are making it hard for me to participate in therapy. I live a dull and non eventful life. I just don’t have a lot to say to her. I think my negatives are getting worse over the years. She wants me to attend a day program or mental health clubhouse. But I have no interest. Last time she kept the session on the short side because I don’t have a lot to share with her. She asked me a couple of times if I had anything to say, any questions for her. I was a total blank. She is aware of my negative symptoms."
176000165,I was on Seroquel before and it gave me hypothyroidism and raised my blood glucose levels too high. _AT_MENTION_
176000166,My pdr wanted to do but he was hesitant as he said even at low doses it may cause impulsivity and shopping addiction I had on 15 and 20mg Abilify. Maybe I should take that risk idk. He told me to chose and I said no. He also tried to prescribe me 1mg Rexulti and I refused. I am afraid of having the same problems I had on Abilify.
176000167,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176000168,"No numbness but I am clumsy and awkward and have severe fatigue. My psychiatrist says its somataform disorder and treatment resistant depression. It’s all just so confusing and frustrating. I have to keep seeing my psychiatrist and she told me not to go down that route again, Believing I have MS because it will drive me crazy. Why do I believe so strongly I have MS is my problem. I mean why isn’t that thought leaving my mind? Perhaps I have delusional disorder on top of everything else. Some days I think I have schizophrenia as well. It’s all very tiring."
176000169,Voices don’t come every day. That’s because of meds. But the basic delusions stay no matter what meds I take
176000170,"The voices told me that my cousins uncle was the leader of the _NAME_ in my town, and I had to meet him in order to join the _NAME_ in my area. I hesitated fora couple of weeks trying to make my mind up, then I rang him to tell him I was coming over, I thought he knew all about what the _NAME_ were doing to me. So I fianllly went over one day after failing to go on the run, I went in we talked a bit then that quickly went awkward we ran out of things to talk about, then I blurt out ya know I’d love to fight for my country, he had no idea what I was talking about. I didn’t say anymore because I thought he didn’t want to talk about it but really he had no clue about the _NAME_ or anything they were doing to me, he was just a sweet innocent old man. I’m glad I didn’t mention I wanted to join the _NAME_ to him, would’ve proper freaked him out. I met with him twice"
174341686,"I kind of wonder…they havent decided on the diagnosis. _PERSON_ is one of their guesses. I have delusions, but not constantly. No voices. I have clearly got periods of deep psychotic depression and then there are periods i am sort of well, with just bits of delusions here or there. Im kind of wondering at times if the periods i am better are actually hypomania. I just havent got a clue if MY normal is also other peoples normal or what i have."
176000171,"That doesn’t sound very realistic. You have no money and no job lined up. Even if you managed to get citizenship, it takes years to get disability."
176000172,Unwell Healthful 0 voters
176000173,"been on trinza since feb 27th. my first dose. at first i noticed more night time voices for the first couple of weeks. but now it has been almost 3 weeks of voice free nights. i feel cured of positives and all is quiet at night. still have trouble with motivation, but i feel incredible other than that. get my next dose may 21st. so far so good."
176000174,I dont think your a troll you just have things in your life that are alot to handle
176000175,I get the same thing to when it comes to hearing voices in the rythim of sounds and they tell me to iam gonna get ifinetly tortured!
176000176,If you have difficulty catching your breath after exerting yourself - and fatigue are both signs of pneumonia.
176000177,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! Glad you were able to quit with _PERSON_- funny how that came about by accident too! Tried _PERSON_ and my symptoms came back full-force unfortunately
176000178,"I feel for you, _AT_MENTION_ Paranoia is exhausting and painful."
176000179,"I don’t like it because my phone is tapped, but I make myself do it anyway"
176000180,Dallas Buyers Club (4/10) Movie CLIP - I
176000181,After three uninterrupted years of illness I made a recovery and two years later could come off meds and succeeded to stay med free and relatively symptom free for five years. And now for past eight years after I relapsed I was on meds and every time I tried coming off I couldn’t. How come I can’t come off meds anymore and in those five years I was ok? Strange to me… Is it because I have to be well for two years before coming off meds? Or is it just that after a relapse the more relapses you get the more likely you will get more? Or what? Or is it that my sza gets worse over time? Any ideas?
174341693,"I have schizoaffective, borderline personality and anxiety"
176000182,"I know I have lots of negative symptoms on Risperdal and much less on Abilify but on all other antipsychotics I had worse issues than negative symptoms: addictions, positive symptoms, catatonia, metabolic side effects, anger/rage issues, etc I just dont see how Ziprasidone will improve my negative symptoms, its just weaker than Risperdal so I will need a high dose anyways like 120mg which will bring more side effects and block more dopamine. I will still ask my Dr about it next appointment but I am not going on a dose of less than 120mg of Ziprasidone. I was on Lurasidone 80mg, I had paranoia, some delusions, some catatonia, akathisia and nausea from the pill."
176000183,Posting here is a good start. There’s a lot of people to talk to.
176000184,They are very worth it. The psychosis is much worse than the side effects of the drugs.
174341685,"So they took away your sz-a dx? I also have an avoidant personality but it could be dependent on our upbringing considering generational influences around time we received diagnosis. I mean I know that’s why I didn’t want to open up about my symptoms which ultimately led to reclusiveness and avoidance. I can be bubbly and outgoing at times though… Typically I’m reserved and shy and don’t take well to criticism or negativity. It’s all very interesting how similar ASD, Schizophrenia, Trauma and so many things are linked together and overlap. I’ve been scratching my head about this one for years."
176000185,That’s good. I’m glad you called your dr.
176000186,Wow not nice but taste’s nice.
174341688,did you not hear voices ?during that time
176000187,"I gained 60 lbs in 120 days when I was on Olanzapine. When I was on Aripiprazol I didn’t gain weight, and I actually got an increase in physical strength."
176000188,"My biggest delusion was that I was a medical test subject who was secretly being monitored and exposed to radiation and electromagnetic waves. I thought that I was a vested interest of a big pharma company. Things got real complicated when I got in deep in astrology at the same time, delusions like crazy."
176000189,"From 4-11 years old, I was homeschooled, mostly by my mother. She sharpened my up and I knew all the countries capitol, and the states too. I was doing Algebra I in 5th grade. The biggest thing my dad taught me is to question everything and have a BS detector on at all times. I entered the normal school, but I just stomped all over them with my grades. I was taken out of regular school and put in the county’s exceptional school. No more boredom, and intelligent people to have as classmates. I was destined for great thing, and then the gosh darn sz hit me."
174341696,That sucks. Well back to the drawing board.
176000190,What do you mean?
176000191,You may have been feeling a close connection to your dying grandmother that has now passed as she did. Did you know her and identify with her at all?
176000192,I just bought Womens Probiotic Complex Vegetarian Capsules They have a mix of strains but I don’t know if they are the same as you’re saying
176000193,"You Bring up Interesting Points. Let’s See:::~ ‘Relating to or Affecting The Human Spirit or Soul as Opposed to Material or Physical Things’ ‘A Supposed Intuitive Faculty Giving Awareness Not Explicable in Terms of Normal Perception’ I Am Slightly Confused. . . . . . . But Strange to Note, The Sphere of Fear, (As of Right Now, in The Depth of Midnight), The Sphere of Fear Seems Like Only of Slight Fraction of Endless Worry. Without The Fear of Death, Life Begins Once Again. As I Hold Tight to Commonsense, Intuition, And Instincts."
176000194,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000195,DANGER DO NOT TAKE THE RIDE DO NOT GET IN A CAR WITH HIM I’m serious. You are better off not seeing him ever again.
176000196,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m sorry I keep asking questions to you in this thread. Hope you don’t mind, I was just wondering if you also have experienced this side effect of zyprexa. “Disturbance In The Ability Of The Eye To Focus”. I found it listed here, under “rare” side effects: https://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-1644-7274/olanzapine-oral/olanzapine-disintegrating-tablet-oral/details/list-sideeffects For me the stress I experience is often accompanied by this, that I can’t focus my eyes properly. And like I’ve mentioned omega 3 helps with it."
176000197,I heard if you use antipsychotics for a long time you might develop tardive dysknesia. Do side effects get better or worse with time? (the longer you use it) Do the risk of side effects increase with prolong use?
176000198,Hi ! I actually played it a few days ago. I’ll record it soon ! Stay tuned
176000199,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000200,"I have a friend who stop hearing voices after 7 years and he stopped medicine 2 years in. There are articles online saying people tend to do better over time. Personally,my schizo got better and I just need a minimal dose of antipsychotic compared to 2 years ago"
176000201,i plan on cooking chicken soup with veggies and roasting some chicken. i’ll be by myself at dinner.\ _NAME_
176000202,Shes got form. Thats her being devious all right - she was trying to cover her arse.
176000203,"You can take 2 tylenol and 4 ibuprofen together. It works as good as opioids. But can only do 2 times a day, 12 hours apart"
176000204,"Yes,I get day off once a week"
176000205,Upon further retrospection i have decided i will say ‘If i want to catch a train i will catch a train. If i want to use a public toilet i will use a public toilet. If you don’t like it go work somewhere else.’ And then i will say ‘you are an inferior human’ a couple of seconds later. This is originally what i thought to say you keep it as a singular noun the words train and public toilet that way it is sooo much easier to remember
176000206,I don’t want to hurt myself but people want to hurt me they think I have something that belongs to them… these people will stop at nothing to get me. I almost just got killed in Las Vegas but my powers saved me.
176000207,"With conspiracy theories running rampant in the world, there are millions of people with unusual beliefs. I prefer to call what I go through as delusional. Sounds more clinical."
176000208,"I think you aren’t going to get the Xanax most likely. There’s no way to manipulate the dr into giving it to you. Just write down your symptoms honestly. If the dr thinks you need it, he’ll give it to you. I have complex ptsd and I don’t get those kinds of drugs at all, and I never have. The key is to learn to cope without them"
176000209,IMG_20210513_1535343120×4160 1.66 MB Coffee by the wild sea
174341698,Abilify is ok but I’m bored as anything most the time. Lumateperone might be better option
176000210,"The main argument for them is that they control and even get rid of your symptoms. The drawback is that they weaken you physically in many ways. For some people they are extremely unpleasant to take. Geodon and Seroquel have done me good, without the misery of other ap’s. They don’t destroy my creativity, something all the typical ap’s do."
176000211,Sometimes masturbation. But generally just having had a productive day and with no worries about the next day.
176000212,"Oh mate - Trust me I know. Theres quite a few people that think im being wierd simply cos i wont go for a lunch time pint with them anymore, (which always turned into a ten pint session anyway). Unfortunatly the only way for me was isolating myself from those people - and spending time on my computers instead, using the money ive saved for software and games alike. Its so socially acceptable these days to get pissed up down the bar on a saturday night - that its an uphill battle from the beginning when you have said you have quit. I treasure my sobriety now - and my bank balance appreciates it as well."
176000213,I know you don’t. I was being sarcastic.
176000214,There’s a freeware app for PC called ‘Spybot Search and Destroy’ that cleans most of the malware from your machine. I work in tech support and I use it a lot when machines here in my workplace get infected.
176000215,It’s my AP for sleep not anxiety. does wonders knocking me out at bed time.
176000216,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000217,"I think I actually was influencing my mum but I didn’t mean to, it just sounded like that. Doesn’t matter though he’ll still try to use it against me"
174341700,I don’t understand what it has to do with schizophrenia.
176000218,Lookin good there _AT_MENTION_! I wrote a series of cartoons in my late teens. It was about a guy who stewed and thought too much. He always had a pet parrot on his shoulder. The guy was named _PERSON_ and the bird was named _PERSON_. The bird was actually his self conscience talking back to him. I never did anything with it. It’s in a creative garbage bag in storage somewhere in the garage.
176000219,I go to see my regular doctor today. I see my pdoc tomorrow.have to remember to take my meds with me. From being yelled at everyday. I take my meds like I’m supposed to. I heard the neighbors voices. Feel like I’m going to be attacked. I stay away from them.
176000220,Looking forward to going to Costco with my friend tomorrow after volunteering. I think we will have a great time.
176000221,"It’s possible to function well on meds once you get the type and dosage sorted, plus acclimatize to them. Suggest working towards this goal."
176000222,"IMG_20200212_144630_350640??640 86.1 KB Live in Leipzig Live in Zeitz Live in Sarpsborg Live in Jessheim Live albums really make me feel closer to the band. I hear them laughing, talking, warming up, improvising etc"
176000223,I mention my intellenece because I have worked it all out. Many people are blind to their harassment
176000224,I see people’s names highlighted when the message is in answer to a particular comment. Sorry if this is a stupid question. I have been reading this site for years.
176000225,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000226,"Maybe she thinks you are ok, because of what you just said, about having a home and a family. A lot of her patients I’m sure don’t have a family ect. and then she thinks oh she has more than her average patient. I don’t know, this is hard to figure out. I’m sure you tell her everything right?"
174341701,"I take amisulpride since 1999 when I was on my 1st episode. It was okay during 10 years : no major positive/negative symptoms and moderate anxiety. Then I experienced work burn out and unemployment plus some personal difficulties. That was in 2009. I started developing negative symptoms with depression. Ten years later, today in 2020 I take 500mg/day of amisulpride and 50mg sertraline and I still have a lot of negative symptoms : clinophilia, avolition, anhedonia, carelessness, cognitive deficit… In my case, amisulpride does not make miracle. But perhaps it would be worse with another AP. After that said, each case is different and reacts differently to medications. So why not try?"
176000227,"I have it too. I’m already dead, or in some other dimension."
176000228,Talk to me bro 15
176000229,Yep it was super stressful as I was in an office most of the time. Plus the commute was an hour each way!
176000230,Poem: Avolition
176000231,"Talk to your pdoc. If they’re unwilling to help you figure out another solution, I’d switch pdocs. But definitely always take your meds."
176000232,Hope I am not going to hell the voices tell me that they are illuminati and aleins that put me in this test that I failed and i am supposedly the only being that is in this still and they tell me they hate me the most almost and that they are not spririts but people and they tell me they are not gonna give me chances any more cuz I smoked ciggs which is ridiculous but these voices are nothing but ridiculous all day just now they told me I was going to hell cuz I ate icecream they do this all day and they wont shut up I wish they would please I know I cant be the only one it sucks and that’s what they keep telling me. I feel like iam stuck in a loop and I keep preying to god for relief but get no answer except for these voices that tell me they are god and they dont shut up about my mom being in hell who I love more than any thing and iam not sure what to do the medicine doesn’t shut them up It just makes me tired i hope that I’ll get though this one day and have a good afterlife I dont want to 
get tortured it sucks
176000233,"Somebody stated that you should try talking to them? I saw hi to my neighbours from time to time, even though I’m skeptical of them."
176000234,My dad always had a kerosene heater when I was a kid. Those things work pretty well.
176000235,"I read _NAME_ Aurelius, i haven’t godt my Kindle at the moment so i dont know which book. But choose one with an introduction. He is not a difficult philosopher. There is this introduction to buddhist history, it’s quite good, but perhaps not for a beginner. If you are not familiar with history of religion you might choose something more practical: amazon.com Concise History of Buddhism _NAME_ 4.6 out of 5 stars, ASIN: B079Y365PM, Windhorse Publications Ltd, June 14, 2013, $9.99 but if you are a beginner, i would choose another:"
174341702,"I have the option of having my private pdoc provide me with the abilify in less doses, but I would have to pay for it and it is very expensive"
176000236,I think I’ve been on invega 2 and half years before that risperidone for a few months risperidone was awful for me I still had paranoia and delusions on it and was engulfed in my voices from time to time I don’t have that on invega
176000237,that’s great news pedro27. i still hallucinate and a few other problems that constitute psychosis. but i hate that term “psychosis” it makes me feel evil and i am not. _NAME_
176000238,"I got constructive criticism from my best friend. He and I have open communication with each other. I asked for 2 things that I should work on. I’m “pushy”. I’m “needy”. He was right, and I told him so AND thanked him. He said that pushy and needy aren’t bad things to be when you’re Pushy, as an advocate for yourself in mi and physical ill. Needy, as I am forced to interact when I dont have who or what I need… ie, surgical transportation waiting etc. I’d like to pose that question to ALL… anyone? Be sure to give me an example. Thanks soooooooo much!"
176000239,"Rough it out. Survival is worth it. Don’t be convinced that it can’t get better. All it takes is one break through, one drug you haven’t tried that’s effective."
176000240,I’m 35 years old.
176000241,"en.m.wikipedia.org Catfishing Catfishing is a deceptive activity where a person creates a sockpuppet social networking presence, or fake identity on a social network account, usually targeting a specific victim for abuse, deception, or fraud. Catfishing is often employed for romance scams on dating websites. The practice may be used for financial gain, to compromise a victim in some way, or simply as forms of trolling or wish fulfillment. Catfishing media have been produced, often centering around victims who wish to ident..."
176000242,Hard to in this life right? Just have to enjoy life and wait until the time comes
176000243,"I speak to family most of the time, I find that helps most but sometimes you get tired of not being a good conversationalist. I have a mild form of autism, so j think that makes it quite difficult for me to be good at thinking up good ways to respond to keep a conversation going. It makes me a proper boring person unless I am super aware of the subject of discussion (eg I’m fine in a economics or physics lecture) I actually struggle really badly with playing games, I have a cousin who loves to play games on discord as well, I tried to play shogun with him and I could hardly stay seated I will get discord but I don’t think _PERSON_ runs call of duty? At least I’m not sure if it does. I’m going to check now."
176000244,"Congratulations! I just send a book to a publisher, and wait excited for an answer. Last year i earned 60 dollars in royalty but denmark is a little country and the books was written long time ago…"
176000245,Thanks bro. Your good at keeping the forum interesting with new questions to ponder
176000246,I wonder how they could have tested newborn babies who don’t know anything yet.
176000247,So do I. I don’t get upset about it though.
176000248,My wife does occasionally. She doesn’t like me to be on here. If she is in the room I keep my phone in my pocket or she asks to see it.
176000249,"Yeah, that’s up there with unicorns."
176000250,"It’s because 95% of the time, they’re not funny at all, and read more like disguised complaining than actual humor. If they’re funny, I’m fine with it. And don’t tell me humor is subjective. Some jokes are uninventive, repetitive and obvious. Non-MI memes are usually just better memes. Just like some comedies are really bad and get really low imdb ratings, MI memes are usually low quality and appeal to people because they can relate and not because they’re funny. Disclaimer: Personal opinion above."
176000251,I’ve been on a government pension since 2004. I live a rich and realized life still. I volunteer at my cricket club and usually do 2 or 3 days a week. Most days are around 4 hours but travel is 1 1/2 hours on a good day there and back. I still play cricket at 49 years of age and I’m still one of the better bats in our lower side. I’ve gotten fit enough that now I bowl now and then too. I have half a dozen friends I’ve known since high school. I see them or talk to them regularly. No matter what you do you can still have a decent life for sure and there’s many here who do.
174341703,"Diagnosed at 27. Many negative and positive symptoms. Now 30, only mild positives. I’m good. There is hope"
176000252,See my previous post:
176000253,I was starting to think you left
176000254,"In my state, the law is that you can’t own a gun if you’ve had an mental health arrest in the past five years. I cannot own a gun, and Mr. Star has to buy a fingerprint safe and prove I wouldn’t be able to access it if he wants his guns at the house. Right now, his dad has them. Next year, it won’t matter, but I still don’t think we will keep them here because we have an impulsive and depressed child in the home."
176000255,I was thinking the same thing as _AT_MENTION_
176000256,"No, you stole mine…"
176000257,I am still on Risperdal Consta shots and I continue to be asexual and continue to have problems with playing the piano.
176000258,"hopefully the change on medication will fix my heart problem, hopefully its not my preworkouts thats causing it."
176000259,I feel good in the morning and bad at night.
176000260,? think its better to Talk with you pdoc first.my pdoc said aps are not Useful for delusions its effective against paranoia and other positive symptoms pschcotherapy is more effective for delusions
176000261,"I always appreciate comments by _AT_MENTION_. Oh, did he anonymize his account?"
176000262,"So I don’t really know if vaping is better or worse. I get a slight headache from vaping, and it still makes me cough from time to time, but that may be because I have still been smoking. I also don’t know whether or not it is more environmentally friendly. I am using disposable refills rather than bottles of oil. However I am trying to use the machine more, if only because it is something different. Thank you."
176000263,"Im dating with someone and dont know what to do. I think he is so incredibly kind and caring. We have such fun together and deep talks too. He likes and accepts me as i am. He doesnt know of my psychoses, but he knows which mental health issues i have at this moment. I feel safe with him. We have many shared values. Only…I feel no butterflies and no physical attraction. I dont want anything physically, not even cuddling. Im not sure whether this can still come later, when i know him better, and maybe ptsd is part of the problem. I gently told him i find it difficult to come closer physically and i dont know if this can change. He says he is patient and we will see. I have always been someone for whom physical affection and intimacy was really important. But i like him in a very different way. I genuinely like him a lot as a person and feel i can be myself around him in a very relaxed and happy way. I dont want to lead him on, but i also dont want to give up on someone special for superficial reas
ons. What would you do?"
174341707,Bipolar is a mood disorder. _PERSON_ is more of a schizophrenic thought disorder. Although it has a mood component.
176000264,Wonderful. It’s so good to spend time talking with our children. Happy mother’s day to you.
176000265,yea i hope the therapy with your new therapist will help you =)
176000266,Spirituality is easy. It talks directly to your heart. It’s not maths
176000267,“Sie’s not simself.” (He/she’s not him/her self) When an important part of us gets unnoticed or misunderstood enough so that we are pressured to be someone we’re not. That’s when I just want peace.
176000268,"yah, thats Him. 22222"
176000269,"They don’t know who you are, they won’t take you to the hospital."
176000270,"I do not desire sleep as much as I desire communication and connection to those that will not stand silent. Let share with you who I think will beat me down and win the Song, and why I submit to your investigation, those that : (I cannot put links here, I on restricted) Even if they are evidential. PRAISE ALLAH)"
176000271,Happy thanksgiving everybody.
176000272,Can you doodle a poodle?
176000273,They made me lose weight by swmiiming n running n eating less Read religious scriptures Try and come up with something new in science like cure to cancer… Researching it They made me hug healthcare professionals Try and escape from hospital several times They were encouraging me to jump out the hospital window Have sex with strangers in the park Masturbate What about you?
176000274,Yes on antipsychotic I have been on it 9 weeks I feel worse but no psychosis
176000275,Hm ok thank you. I think you helped.
176000276,When i am alone I don’t burden people with my crazy world I am living in. Best to keep my hell to myself.
174341710,"In this (https://nutritionandmetabolism.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1743-7075-6-10) article you can read about a case of healing of schizophrenia by switching to a ketogenic, no gluten diet."
176000277,"“Homecoming” wiggly butts and waggly tails abound as i make my way to the sofa after so many hours of being gone, a dog pile in its truest form, finally, i am home"
174341708,"I think in high school it said janitorial or outside work like maybe a technician or repairs. Basically something for low iq, low motivational, and unsuccessful people. This was a test. My grades were horrible and I was stupid back then. I dont know. I should have joined the air force but glad I didn’t. I probably wouldn’t have made it or got a dishonorable discharge or get kicked out. People change. I got Aspergers too. I think iq changes because I went from average to below average to 120. If I didnt have schizophrenia it would be 130-140 with a college education."
176000278,"Sometimes it’s hard to know the balance between overthink and underthinking. I really dunno where I stand with that, generally"
176000279,"Well, if you don’t know, how the hell are we supposed to know?"
174341711,I hate palperidone. I feel its heightened my issues. I have breast milk now. It also made my ocd worse. I cant wait till the shot is out of my system
176000280,I like this song. The intro with keyboards is good. And I like _PERSON_ too
176000281,I’m nonbinary! So neither male or female! Though sometimes I feel more masculine or feminine!! I feel most comfortable in between!! I’ve been toying with other nonbinary identities lately though
176000282,Excellent! Good luck _AT_MENTION_!
176000283,"In 2010 I did an associate’s degree program in web development and design. It was very difficult to finish and when I didn’t get an internship i gave up. I wish i would have finished it. But i don’t think i could take the stress of the work. If everything isn’t exactly right, the product simply won’t work. There’s a lot of pressure creating stuff like that."
174341712,"True , plus energy is at an all time low"
176000284,Nah wasn’t too cold. By the time I made it to my old boss’s it was getting really cold but he had a heater in his barn that he would let me turn on at night. Every time I have an episode I end up in another state. I think that’s why my caseworker keeps such a close eye on me lmao
176000285,It’s natural to be worried when big changes may be coming. I too get worried. How are you feeling now?
176000286,Try a pet? Touch stimulates oxytocin. Or a partner.
176000287,i go to bed between 22:00 and 23:00
176000288,Science – 2 Apr 21 How dopamine leads to hallucinations The ability to detect external stimuli rapidly and accurately by building internal sensory representations is a central computation of the brain that is critical to guide behavior. Such expectations (or priors) may be acquired throughout the lifetime...
176000289,this is how i feel with my family.
176000290,The voices eminate from the niegbors and are very threatening.
176000291,"I take 1mg of Klonopin a day. It is not a lot, but I wouldn’t mix meds like others have said."
176000292,How long have you been on it for?
176000293,Wouldn’t offing into a woman of whom you love be satisfying since there is a high likelihood of her getting pregnant?
174341718,My positives are mostly gone. I only deal with negatives that are leftover from my old med.
176000294,Anything that’s free.
174341717,I notice that I have two types of inner speach. On is when I actually verbalize my thoughts in my head. The other is when I am quiet and I can just barely perceive ideas moving through my head.
176000295,Profrontol dot com My question is. Do I need to buy both sarcosine and N Acetyl Cysteine. I ordered the sarcosine bottle separately. It just says sarcosine Is this okay?
176000296,Worst days of my life were probably middle school or high school. Homework stress was the worst thing. If you have homework piling up its like feeling like you’re in debt to the mob. I wish I’d seen a Councillor the stress was really not healthy.
176000297,"No, it’s pm. I worked the midnight shift last night, and I am working it again tonight. so yeah, I should be sleeping."
176000298,"I have my biological mom has _PERSON_, and a few other have things… I don’t talk to any of them any more …"
176000299,"I have stress dreams from time to time. It was a lot worse when I was taking ZMA (zinc, magnesium aspartate). I once had a dream that I was 18 again. Then I woke up only to realize I was 26 and I felt horrible."
176000300,How do you cook frozen _PERSON_ lasagna party size?
176000301,Bump. I really don’t know how to get through this. I need advice.
174341725,I had a relative with schizophrenia the doctor almost always asked me if I had
176000302,"it’s because all of mass media is involved in it, and no proof or truth to targets."
176000303,"lol yea it did right im very surprise i thought it be small discussion, people are into this stuff like me. lol"
176000304,Hopefully better.
176000305,"Oh I like the second one so much better. You did good, really good."
176000306,"I can sometimes here my doctors thoughts and my moms thoughts. Even though it all comes out negative and distorted, I sometimes believe that it can’t be telepathy."
174341724,https://sci-hub.tw/ . I have PubMed for a few subjects as rss feeds .
176000307,It’s beautiful _AT_MENTION_
176000308,Your heart is in the right place but don’t break yourself.
176000309,I’m not on AP’s but I found that since I developed sz I can’t drink to much. I get headaches right away even after one drink. I guess it’s my bodies way of telling me I shouldn’t take it.
176000310,"I am totally different off my meds. I’m snarky, irritale, and sometimes plain mean. Not all the time, but enough. It’s the bipolar. I can be nice and generous but let my meds stop working and the claws come out fast."
174341726,"I was so sure that I am God that I tried to kill myself twice to prove and test it. Its good that it doesnt affect you badly like it does to me. I told my psychiatrist that I am Jesus and thats why I tried to kill myself, I will go to heaven and wont die. Then he told me that I have psychosis."
176000311,"At least I’m not faking sz, it’s others who are faking it for me."
176000312,Oh yeah it’s me
174341729,On abilify maintena for a few years. My musicianship and music appreciation in general is growing.
176000313,This describes how I feel about it in more detail.
176000314,"Yes, I live in a near constant state of dizziness."
176000315,“Infant sleeping” That’s what they want and need.
176000316,whats your thoughts for them?
176000317,"I wake up every day dripping in sweat, quite revolting. Anyone else experience this? I think it is a side effect of my med cocktail."
176000318,i have got my symptoms under control thats success
176000319,You can try Amyloban or Lion’s Mane. Lion’s Mane is much cheaper. _AT_MENTION_ knows about Lion’s Mane.
176000320,Yes. Your heart is breaking so you dream. Don’t you wish we were strong enough to be real?
176000321,"Most of us take our meds and aren’t as delusional as we once were. Every time you get backed in a corner because of your behavior, you start calling us delusional and it’s insulting. I, for one, am sick of seeing you treat our forum this way. You can blame it on poor social skills all day, You know when being mean is being mean."
174341731,"It seems you really like supplements and benzos that work on GABA. I’ve noticed for my self it’s just band aide. I just want my hippocampus to improve because of the memory part of it. I searched pubmed with broccoli extract and most of the studies were about the cognition of a schizophrenic. For me when I talk about my exact cause of anxiety most of it goes away, although there are always some nagging thoughts I can’t control. With motivation you pretty much have to exercise and eat healthy. It is really tough at first and you have to go slow. After you do it for a couple of months you will be really more productive. Once you get in really good shape you will walk around like a badass thinking you can do anything."
176000322,"It was accepted on the first attempt. I’ve yet to go through the renewal review process. I’m trying to find a career that I can make work, but if I can’t then I’ll have to accept that I might only barely may be able to manage sparse odd job work."
176000323,"Your brain doesn’t feel pain or anything. What you’re likely feeling is stuff in the lining or outside. I found and article on pain and the brain. “If the brain can’t feel pain, why do I get headaches?” https://www.brainfacts.org/ask-an-expert/if-the-brain-cant-feel-pain-why-do-i-get-headaches#:~:text=The%20brain%20itself%20does%20not,while%20the%20patient%20is%20awake."
176000324,"I was reading that it started going human to human transmission, China confirmed it. Theyre also worried about it being Chinese new year and everyone traveling, so they started screening people at the airports. https://www.vgcats.com/comics/?strip_id=57 Heres a comic about SARS and how they made it a huge scare back then. Im on the fence about it all, on one hand the book world war z started in China because China couldnt control the virus. Also the movie Contagion was about some wildlife that started it. On the other hand, im like naw, no reason to panic like before when they did SARS. Tho we had the same problem before, China was under reporting the results and caused people to speculate too much. Im not overly worried, still neat tho. Ive been studying microbiology on youtube. Its fun."
176000325,Welcome _AT_MENTION_
176000326,_AT_MENTION_-Slug Agree spent 20 years dealing with the Public in Retail now can’t stand most of the public anymore most are full of ???? tbh
176000327,Ok like chicken noodle soup. I have tea. Thanks wave your great.
176000328,"When I die, Fck it, I wanna go to hell, Cuz I’m a piece of shiit, It ain’t hard to fkn tell."
176000329,"LS! I try to keep my brain young with daily leafy greens (usually _NAME_), curcuma, carnosine, folic acid, vitamin b12, astaxanthin, cardio exercise, reading books, staying in touch with people."
176000330,I don´t understand why “successful” is into quotation marks in the tittle
176000331,if we were like other animals sz would be no big deal. sometimes i think about how being an animal would make life so much easier. i feel like as a human i am always anxious and stressed about existing and having to do all this stuff that humans put in place to make their lives better at the expense of those who they think of as lower. with other animals they all have freedom to do what they want and are not forced into a structured society like humans. all they have to do is survive and whatever else they want to do with their time is up to them. (except for when humans get involved)
176000332,"Wow what a question. I have a lot of goals for 2021. Buy a home gym and train on it, thus strengthening my muscles. Perhaps register for chess competitions and start playing. Perhaps start studying at university. I have a lot of goals."
176000333,Sometimes Mostly just wants to destroy my life _PERSON_ is a evil spirit in my head. Lived with me since my teens.
176000334,"More than twice you. I’m the only one on here who’s age, IQ, and the amount of money I owe the bank are all exactly the same."
176000335,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000336,Emailed my doc because I’m feeling really off tonight. She is suggesting maybe lithium but I thought it makes people super sluggish. Anyone here have experience?
176000337,"Mixed breeds can be service dogs, especially if they are part Labrador, golden retriever or German shepherd."
176000338,They say remembering past wrongs leads to anger. I think you should literally forget about it. Otherwise all that anger will lead to depression
176000339,"I work easy jobs. the only thing that stresses me out about work, is the fear of getting fired. I say sz. stress is worse."
176000340,They said they cant really tell me anything unless something is seriously wrong. I wish they could! I’d like to know
174341733,I Wish you the Best without antipsychotics. The only time I went without antipsychotic was in 1995 where I quit trillafon depo. 14 days after I was deeply paranoid and heard loud voices.
174341738,5mg Abilify Is not a therapeutic dose But it’s better than 0 mg Risperdal. (Don’t quote me on that)
176000341,"Hallucinating is not cool, it’s not even real"
176000342,What med finally stop your voice?
176000343,i think i barely have little libido but i always went to watch porn unconciously and may go to prostitution later …
176000344,It could be social aspect you’re addicted to. I’d try playing without mic.
176000345,Has anyone ever played? I’m about to play with my grandmother. It’s a popular Canadian game .
176000346,"Neutralised as a human, Boy I must have been Destined to do something To really upset the status quo."
176000347,Thanks _AT_MENTION_! cool msg & i will check your youtube
176000348,"I’ve been strangled before too, it’s scary ???? _AT_MENTION_"
176000349,It could be made worse by stress. Try to focus on a hobby or something to chill out.
176000350,My 2nd best distance in 1-hour. I beat the 6km barrier. 20210224_1223441561×1337 559 KB
176000351,"When I was first starting therapy I had read about the illegality of therapists to sleep with their patients in Connecticut. It’s not illegal on my part (the client), but on the therapists part it is highly illegal. Even though I was oftentimes innapropriate in regards to sex stuff at that point in my life. I guess I had some type of erotomania because I thought when I was younger from 19 to a certain age that way more women wanted to sleep with me than actually probably true. But in regards to therapists I was moreso appropriate. Although I did find my therapist to be attractive."
176000352,Im always put on artane at hospitals and quit. Two main side effects bother me: heavily blurred vision and decrease in cognition. Also dry mouth is really prevelant.
174341737,You are intelligent. You could make it out from my name that I am an Indian. You are right in your conjecture. Thanks a lot for your complements.
176000353,"the more the car cost, the short the girl is. _PERSON_"
176000354,First day of work hoping I don’t screw up too badly!!!
176000355,I’m pretty lucky to be here myself.
176000356,But they deserve some attentionfor being the shi*tiest people around. Lets give them a round of applause.
176000357,One of my favourite words is circumstances
176000358,Dang that’s awesome… if I get approved I’ll be getting 650 a month us dollars.
176000359,Welcome to the forum. I was just looking at getting into bicycling myself this summer. God forbid it’s been years since I got on a bike but I remember how much I enjoyed it as a kid and teenager.
176000360,I’m from the east side. I can’t stand people who call it soda lol.
176000361,Currently no tiredness yep.
176000362,"Yah, I’m not sure if I’m even going to tell him about my diagnosis because this relationship isn’t a long term thing tbh. I mean I work and go to school and have small enough symptoms that I don’t let them affect me. I think I’m just going to enjoy things"
176000363,"and wow, all this for having a name."
176000364,"I don’t know why it’s gone, but I think it’s great news!!! What a relief! I hope it lasts"
176000365,594×750 56.1 KB
176000366,Very cool _AT_MENTION_ !
176000367,_AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ Dementia praecox was my original diagnosis back in 1969. I was in my 20’s and was well aware that my thinking was disturbed. But I overcame it enough to live independently. I’m having a flashback now I think due to the stress of Covid19 and the news and all. Don’t worry. I’ll get a hold of it again. I think it’s just temporary. Thank you for caring.
176000368,"helping out my ex, giving her a place to stay until she gets a place, (she is basically homeless) so a few days trying to exchange my hire car as its using too much fuel but they never called back i didn’t match with anyone from the speed dating i did."
176000369,"I need a shower and so does my shower, it’s ewww"
176000370,"Of course, All I can do is tell the doctor The opinions im gonna hear and see what he thinks! He’s the one who can order or write prescriptions"
176000371,Yes I agree with _USER_ID_. You need to increase your dosage of your medications. These are all delusions. The other day I had slight hallucinations and delusions because I was newly prescribed Wellbutrin and it affected my dopamine.
176000372,"Go for it I say, I think you can do it!"
176000373,"Well, considering the word inanimate literally means no sign of life…"
176000374,I’m the kind of guy who does the work to figure out how to be honest and genuine… and not waste people’s time otherwise… I’m a serious oriented person who is somewhat gullible… I can get turned in on myself pretty quick if I’m not careful… and people gotta respect all of that or they aren’t healthy for me
176000375,"This man I knew of constantly wanted to heal me with these strange herbs I’ve never heard of. And told me I had spiritual parasites in me, supposedly he didn’t. This may be his truth but it is not mine. He used to say I am arrogant because of that. It all seems unfair to me."
176000376,8:30 A.M 1:15 P.M and 8:30 PM
176000377,Same.
176000378,"Oddly enough I’m actually chatting with my ex today. Its weird but I opened up about my illness and they totally think its fine and say I shouldn’t be embarrassed. Apparently they have had a rough go at it as well, lots of debt. I think life is hard for everyone. I had erotomania as well, especially with my neighbors, it was hard when I realized the relationships weren’t real but I’m over it now"
176000379,"I never have people round, and rarely clean my room. More often than not it is my mother who cleans my room, though I am getting better at it. My mum does it without me asking, indeed I always tell her not to, but she still does it. When my room is tidy, I do think about inviting some guests, but nobody ever invites themselves round for a social visit. I’d like to invite my brother and nephew, but my brother is always too stressed. I’d like to invite people round for shiatsu, but my room is really a tad too small for that. I should really make more use of the communal living room in the building, but it’s not in a good state at the moment and not really comfortable. I have a nice garden though, so should probably have barbeques in the summer. I’m happy with my own company really and not desperate to change, but do worry about my ability to socialize in an equitable manner. Thank you."
176000380,yes but i can’t get hold of meds as I had to go off the last ones I tried due to a possible reaction caused by it … no access to pdoc no one picking up
176000381,i had pretty good saturday so far. I watched “Penguin Bloom” and then an episode of the 100 and an episode of the simpsons. Then i had din dins and now listening music and browsing the forum
174341746,"I’m just curious about this as I have family that have had a lot of auditory and visual hallucinations that have made them suffer a lot. I had a bit when I was younger but I just started adamantly telling them to ???? off. It seemed if I had interest in them they got louder and if I told them to get the ???? out and focused on chanting or white light around me for protection it would make it go away. I am curious because my mother was diagnosed schizophrenic at 21 after a suicide attempt. She brought herself out of it through her life with a really clean diet and no substances and meditation, yoga, and art. She always heard sounds but often it was beautiful music she would then create. I’m in my last semester of nursing school and have interest in helping in this puzzle of suffering. I just am not sure if the system as is is what it should be. It seems like there should be more diagnostics to see what works before just throwing any ol med at people which all have side effects. I suppose it just 
such an emergency for a person that they just try them and see what happens because it better than doing nothing. Does anyone know if there are antipsychotics that are better for visual hallucinations than others?"
176000382,"Honestly, it sounds more like you listen in to them. It’s your sz talking. No one has been talking about you."
176000383,"Suntheanine is not an extract of green tea but rather is produced via a patented process that mimics the natural process in green tea leaves, resulting in a 100% pure L-isomer-theanine."
176000384,I’m up to well over 15 year on zyprexa. No inclination to change anytime soon.
174341744,"Hi, 25 years ago, I was in a summer camp. I was abused by a group of idiots, whose leader was a real psychopath. I can talk about it here because I don’t think someone I know IRL may recognize me. So I was a happy and carefree pre-teenager. I liked to tease and chat with older people. (I was the youngest in the summer camp.) So I tease, I joke, and one day I get mad at a guy from the IT group. Obviously this guy binds with the group of young idiots. And there the trouble begins. I found a good part of my stuff in the toilets with urine on it. The mockery has started. Then the blows finally came. I took a lot of blows and insults and demeaning. I warned the summer camp leader who did nothing. The pervert in chief made me believe that they would stop hitting me if I did what he said. Finally the blows started again, I didn’t even understand why. On the return train, they sent me food in the face. This was the real entry into my schizophrenia. I closed myself completely. I developed OCD, depressio
n, social anxiety etc. One or two years later, in high school, I was no longer the same. I was a joking teenager, rather good pupil, cool boy, I had good comrades. I wonder what I would have become without this violence. Perhaps I would have had my schizophrenia in another way. My high school period was rotten. I graduated, went to study computer science, and then everything stopped. The onset of adulthood was disastrous. I returned to depression. I did odd jobs. I retried computer studies in a different way. It did not work. I got into music at home, I spent maybe ten hours a day with my instruments and my “home studio”. My parents, distraught to see my isolation grow, convinced me to consult a psychiatrist … Then the care path began. I have been in a home for mentally ill adults. I tell myself that hundreds of thousands kids live this every day at school, and not just in a 3-week summer camp. It must be very very hard to live. I speak very very little about this “event” around me. My psychiatrist 
is aware of course. Thank you"
176000385,"I went off meds for five years after my first three years of sza and had only slight residual symptoms which I barely noticed. But then I relapsed and my sza came back and ever since I’ve been on meds. I tried several times to come off meds but landed up in hospital some of those times, and other times I had to increase my dose myself. I have a cycle of episodes and stability. Every time I’m stable I reduce my meds but when I relapse I have to increase them again. It looks like I am on them for life now."
176000386,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _PERSON_ won’t fix Abilify’s addictions. My psychiatrist said there is nothing that can stop these addictions caused by Abilify. He switched me to Latuda back then and all the addictions stopped after 1-2 weeks of stopping the Abilify. Now I am on 4mg Risperdal and only issue is negative symptoms.
176000387,Listen to what is being said and reply accordingly. It is a skill and it is something that can be learned and improved. Much of the english language is redundant. You don’t need a lot of it to show meaning but it is very important for social things. For example. How are you? can mean a lot of different things other than how you are feeling. It could mean how your looking or any number of things. By listening your putting these into context for a conversation. Context is very important and thus listening.
176000388,Careful what you wish for as i have that and have to deal with moods on top of psychosis … but then again everyone is different. Someone with anxiety or sz might function better than someone with bipolar.
176000389,"It’s uncommon for you, right? Least not something I’ve heard you complain about before."
176000390,_AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ I have BPD and PTSD so it might be a mixture… I have everything that comes with BPD but I have times I disassociate with reality such as on the fourth of July
176000391,Maybe I should get married I’ve been putting it off For so long Now where could she be?
176000392,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_. I was just wondering if the vaccines make you mildly sick. I’m glad I’m going to get one tomorrow, and not have to worry about going to the hospital I can’t afford."
176000393,"Of the condition that you describe, the only symptom I have is not being able to remember on Monday what I did on the weekend or week prior to that Monday."
174341748,"Never heard of ap shrinking penis, it makes your erection worse for sure, abilify makes it better. Scientifically higher prolactin level also doesn’t shrink your penis"
176000394,"I don’t get much racing heart anymore on my Busperone. I want to get back on Propranolol though since I’ll have to drive in the snow pretty soon. I think that anxiety is heretitary, more so even than sz. it’s on my paternal side."
176000395,"Yeah, I read mine once, too. A lot of people in the mental health field are inconsiderate when they write those notes, and often also jump to conclusions. It’s mostly the same people who don’t do the rest of their jobs very well either. Don’t read too much into it. Some people do their jobs because they have to and not because they actually care about doing them well."
176000396,"Well you see. I had a libido on Clopixol, regular masturbation, etc. But it caused _NAME_ to a degree and shut down of reproductive system. So as a biological male it was a lot more noticeable. But that’s in the past now. _PERSON_."
176000397,My blood work shows slightly decreased kidney function and possibly the start of liver damage (very mild).
176000398,"I moved in with a friend, prompted by another burglary last week. I actually never heard anything further from that third teaching job. I don’t know what’s going on with that."
176000399,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000400,I agree with this too. You can try it and always have the landscaping job to fall back on if it doesn’t work out. It would be a shame to let an opportunity like this Analyst job go by without even attempting. You may not get many other chances like this in the future.
176000401,"Yes, as long as you meet the diagnostic criteria. The symptoms have to be present for most of the time for the duration criterion, which I think is 1 month in the DSM 5."
174341751,Does that mean my Risperdal makes me more aggressive? I am actually less agressive while on it…So I would be even less aggressive if I didn’t have sz and if I didn’t take any antipsychotic.
176000402,No never. I have not seen you on tv or on my phone.
176000403,It maybe working for me.
176000404,That’s wonderful _AT_MENTION_!
174341752,dovepress.com [Full text] Exploration of Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia Subtypes Based on... Exploration of Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia Subtypes Based on a Survey of 204 US Psychiatrists
176000405,Is my family really trying to harm/sabotage me? Am i just too stupid to see it even though its probably obvious? I cant tell if this is a delusion. I want it to be because i really hoped they loved me. But im a sht head so this is probably legit.
176000406,Are you Royalty?
176000407,"I had a panic attack today too, it lasted nearly 2 hours. I think I have been drinking too much caffeine."
176000408,"CNBC – 15 May 19 This app has saved Americans $10 billion on prescriptions so far Start-up GoodRx is upending pharmacies with an app that gives users real-time drug prices at 70,000 locations nationwide. It was ranked No. 6 on the 2019 CNBC Disruptor 50 list."
176000409,"I didn’t say it’s low. Stop sensationalizing. I said it’s not “very high”. There are much worse states. Take mixed affective states, for example. Very similar, but a lot worse. Depression is bad, but also we also exaggerate it when we’re in that state."
174341755,"What helped me was getting someone to do it with me. So like for example showering for me is really hard. So I have my boyfriend shower with me and somehow its like I leech off his motivation to be clean. Same thing with brushing teeth or going for walks. I find once you do that thing for a couple weeks straight, it becomes habit and you can do it easily without help."
176000410,Thats awesome dude! Glad you liked my _USER_ID_ to the song. Some great tutorials that I used on youtube to start out were BusyWorksBeats and In the Mix. BusyWorksBeats makes great long videos that show step by step how to make a beat from the ground up And In the Mix teaches you mixing and sound design skills to make your beats sound sick as well as have cool synths in there if youre into that Good luck man! Just practice evey day and youll be a beast before you know it!
176000411,Then you go delusional again and they lock you up in a ward with hands and legs tied on section 3 in my country and most first world country out there
176000412,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_! I never take a warm welcome and acceptance for granted!"
176000413,I walk barefoot in the house except in the bathroom (except when showering). I wash my feets many times in a day though. Socks make me feel suffocated. I need to breath lol
174341754,"_AT_MENTION_ first off, it’s a little off-topic though, I’m sorry for that. I really like the contribution you make to this forum in the news section and how easy you make understand difficult stuff into easy reading what’s been said in study’s for people that have a hard time interpreting stuff in study’s, you’re really smart. I myself don’t have that problem but I love the way you sum up the important stuff and I don’t even bother clicking links anymore and read the summary of study’s you post. Though, what I do want to point out to is the way you approach some of the stuff I read about your way of doing things. Like for example the way you approach supplementing with “things” that might work or is proven to work on some individuals but you seem to make a loop and try it with certain (mainly biological/natural) foods/drinks in order to vial the study’s to get some relieve of your symptoms. In my opinion you don’t do yourself a favor in growing and drinking stuff that mig
ht been of help. The one thing I’ve learned it’s easier to know if something might help is to buy and try reliable supplements/drugs with the right dosage in order to know if it might help or not. My biggest success/example from the past in 2010 is Sarcosine… I already ate a lot of chicken and always have been a big fan of chicken which contains quite some natural Sarcosine but the big change came after supplementing with pure Sarcosine. What I’m trying to say is don’t try getting sarcosine, sulphurophane or betain or whatsoever out of food/drinks, it’s better to expose yourself to high quality in supplement form (like in the study’s). The reason I’m saying this to you is that I really trust you instead of people that are sensitive to placebo effects. (Not that I want you to be guinea pig for me but it’s better to have insight in a bright mind like yours instead of people just trying stuff and report on it) And btw I myself am pretty much symptom free for a really long time except negative s
ymptoms. Regards, Young"
176000414,It becomes worse and worse thinking what can I do to make them stop hurting me I want to turn them into the police or make them look bad on tv or YouTube.
176000415,What are your side effects??
176000416,"I am currently on an extended break from the forum. I just wanted to check in and say that I have been thinking of all of you and hope you are all doing well. Also, I wanted to post as suicide prevention is a subject that I feel very strongly about. Early Saturday morning, a friend and I participated in the Out of the Darkness Community Walk in Oakland. My friend was one of many hundreds of walk participants who have lost a loved one to suicide and who are determined to make a difference and raise funds for research and outreach programs to help prevent suicide. The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP) holds these community walks throughout the U.S. to raise funds in order to understand and prevent suicide through research, education and advocacy, and to reach out to people with mental disorders and those impacted by suicide. photostudio__PHONE_NO_.jpg 480×530 106 KB If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or cal
l 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html http://www.suicidestop.com/suicide_prevention_chat_online.html Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: https://afsp.org/find-support/ https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line is the free, 24/7, confidential text message service for people in crisis. Text HOME to 741741 in the United States. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176000417,I’m sorry to hear that. I understand the no energy as well. I had zero energy. Now a little bit of energy. I take vitamin D prescription as well as my other meds. I wonder would the vitamin D help to give you more energy. You could try it maybe. All the best. Hope you feel better soon.
174341759,"I called _PERSON_ again for Vraylar and this time they said they have no info if Vraylar will be out in Canada. Maybe last time they disclosed info unintentionally by saying it will be out by end of the year. Caffeine slightly improves my negative symptomes, I talked to one of my friends that I made while on Abilify in real life for hours. A couple weeks ago we hanged out and had coffee while walking in the mall and looking at girls haha We played Call of Duty for hours. But I get aggressive because of caffeine I was insulting players for camping on the microphone and they kicked me out of the game. We joined another. Sucks that caffeine helps but makes me irritable and angry."
176000418,Happy birthday to you _AT_MENTION_. I always so enjoy your humor and jokes. You are so funny. You bring a sense of lightheartedness to this forum that is so needed here. Thankyou.
176000419,Thanks everhopeful.
176000420,Knock it off _AT_MENTION_. I don’t want to have to suspend you on New Year’s Eve but I will if you don’t stop.
176000421,I am definitely introverted and absolutely asocial irl. Online I’m more social. But this is the only website I regularly frequent.
176000422,That’s awful. I’m sorry you can’t even see him. I hope he’s ok and feels better soon.
176000424,"I guess it’s like telling someone, “My, my, what a beautiful tumor.”"
176000425,Welcome! Tell us a bit about yourself
176000426,"it was hit or miss whether it helped me sleep, usually miss. very little help with anxiety either… but that’s just the way i am with anxiety meds, usually resistant."
176000427,"_AT_MENTION_, I haven’t seen you in a long, long time. Good to see you back online."
174341757,Did your friends and gf also trigger you with religion? In my experience you rarely hear about it outside nowadays.
176000428,"Your the sort of dude this forum needs, I don’t mean to shout it out, a scream will do."
174341756,You are now _AT_MENTION_ . Congratulations!
176000429,I’m jealous of her. She was more loved.
176000430,"Very generally it is possible. Without any medication, with my closest person only ever arguing for delusions being real, I could ground and rationalise myself out of deep psychosis on my own. Large part of that was validating prophecies that I was showered with. It is impractical however to only rely on grounding rituals. There must be intense program in place to even hope to regain functionality."
176000431,I don’t want to scare you but there could very well be an issue with your pituitary gland. Those are extremely high numbers.
176000432,I’m scheduled for the antibody test tomorrow. I thought I should get one to find out if I had Covid19 back in September when I was sick.
176000433,"Putting some logic to the karma thing, it’s like if you do overall good things consistently, you appeal to like minded people, and it fills your life with them, and you have an easier time in life. And vice versa."
176000434,do u wanna hear a poem I just wrote
176000435,_AT_MENTION_ Okay. True story. I hear you.
176000436,"I don’t have any problem with driving. Been driving off and on since I was 17 and had a few accidents but only one was my fault and nobody got hurt. I used to drive 200 miles to Sacramento by myself and back 200 miles. It could get stressful but that was only because of other drivers. It’s funny, I was just thinking the other day, that I haven’t got a ticket in more than four years, that’s a record for me!"
176000437,"Having a job is great. I miss work, now that I’m on parental leave. I miss having my own money that I could use as I wanted. My advice is to go on Glassdoor or indeed and fill out a profile, then just start applying to anything that looks tolerable that pays decently. Figure out what you need to make to survive, and just start applying. You don’t have an employment history, so you might be stuck at minimum wage for a few months before you can apply to another job using your minimum wage job as a reference. That’s how we all did it."
176000438,lol really why couldnt you as child. thats horrible.
176000439,446E87CA-17DA-46C1-8F60-21A62A6F6E16.jpeg 4096×1714 832 KB
176000440,I just spoke to the mental health line. I think I need to be on something to combat this. It has been going on for months and I am worn down. Like you say the trade off of taking these meds is worth it to feel better.
174341761,It is a good med.
176000441,Just regular old missionary.
176000442,"I feel bad for you, _AT_MENTION_. My wife is sza and she has lots of somatic symptoms such as sinus and migraine headaches, back, shoulder, neck, and hand pain, tinnitus, eye pain, night blindness, general malaise, throat pain, respiratory allergies, and general tiredness. She always feels bad physically in one way or another. You’re not alone."
176000443,It seems so because it affects prolactin like risperidone.
176000444,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000445,I’d refrain after everything I’ve heard others say as well as what you’ve described. You did a good job explaining what you’re going through.
176000446,"good for you chess well done and i hope you enjoy you’re math, Chinese and chess I’m going to phone up my gym to see about prices lol, i’d like a game of basketball"
176000447,"I feel like everyone is siding against me and if don’t accept their side I will face a life of isolation, threats of violence stalking and misery. The point is I don’t agree. I want my own life back, my freedom, my own place where someone’s flying monkeys aren’t harassing me. My roof tapping and delusions have also put me through so much, once again I approached with open arms and was betrayed. I can relate to how you feeling. Are you taking any meds?"
176000448,You have been sober since I was in Kindergarten! Very impressive!
176000449,"My time on Haldol was misery from beginning to end, but that shot did one thing that might have saved my life. It cut the amount of alcohol I could drink by over half. The pills didn’t do that, because I could drink as much as I ever had on the pills. But the decoate shot cut my beer consumption ability by over half. In that sense it might have saved my life."
176000450,During the 14th month of the year .
176000451,"No they’re closed, yesterday was Saturday and today is Sunday. I wrote it in my notepad to call them tomorrow."
176000452,Don’t worry you are not a clone of your dad lol…
176000453,"I don’t think emotions are even measured as a part of intelligence, but they are better determiners of success. It takes some degree of concentration to take an IQ test, but I don’t think concentration is measured as a part of intelligence. I guess concentration would have some effect on your score, but I don’t think there is a part of an IQ tests that solely measures your ability to concentrate."
176000454,"Life is so scary and stressful.I wanted to get married and got them,I never do anything bad to my wife but am afraid I might lose her because of shouting anger and all sort.I still believe being with another person is better then staying single"
176000455,"I know that feeling, but it’s important to understand that we have a disadvantage with our medication where our appetite is hard to suppress. I would explain to your mom about the side effects and calmy explain how it makes you feel when she says things like that. And I doubt you look disgusting"
176000456,Maybe your right. I was also skinnier. I just find I don’t care as much about stuff. Cricket sounds fun.
176000457,No they don’t! They don’t exist my friend!
176000458,Yeah it’s tough. Maybe Try to find a rush learning new things?
176000459,Hey hon! It’s so nice to see you! I’ve missed you!
176000460,I feel like I’m in a poker game and I’ve been dealt a bad hand and I’m trying to play the cards as best I can. So I give myself credit for that which helps with my self esteem.
176000461,"Yeah for sure, life can be hard"
176000462,This needs a Trigger Warning.
176000463,You have more will power than me. I would have probably took them.
176000464,May be i have no idea
176000465,"Physically, I don’t want to be male or female. I don’t want sex organs. Mentally, I call myself female because that’s the sex I was born with, but I don’t really care if people refer to me as male or female, both or neither."
176000466,Can you get your family or ex husband to help out financially ?
176000467,"I sleep in most days, wake up and eat my main meal of the day. If I’m not hanging out with a friend on his weeks off of work, I’ll hang out with my mom. Watch the world news, watch a movie or show. Then art or gaming at night. I tend to binge shows and movies at night while randomly chatting on my phone."
176000468,"Very sorry to hear, I know people who have had that happen to them. It’s hard to go through."
176000469,"That’s interesting. I had a stress test about two months ago and I didn’t have to take any medicine. I’m 42. How old are you _AT_MENTION_? Anyway, I’m glad it seemed to go well. For me, I only had to get my heart rate up to 150. What did you have to get yours up to? My resting heart rate is in the low 100s which is abnormal. It’s tachycardia but nothing to worry about. It’s just my normal."
176000470,Procycladine helps a bit
176000471,My computer system is within normal parameters. I disabled auto overclocking in the motherboard. So no excess power consumption it is better this way for electricity cost. My computer is working thats all i can say for now i will turn the reactor on sometime
176000472,"CNN Tracking coronavirus’ global spread Since December, the virus has spread to nearly every continent and case numbers continue to rise"
176000473,"I don’t work. I have the financial means to live like that, so I’m lucky."
176000474,"…it’s like feeling watched…unease… msn.com Social media star _NAME_ and her unborn baby have died YouTube and Instagram star _NAME_ has died, as has her unborn son. ‘As a family we ask that you give us privacy because our hearts are truly broken and we are struggling to cope with what has happened’"
176000475,I take much less risks now. I’m afraid to put myself in stress that I can’t cope with. And result psychotic with. _PERSON_. I don’t do certain relationships anymore. Or jobs. Etc
176000476,3 big ones… and sometimes smaller episodes.
176000477,"I’ve really been zoning lately creatively. Just finished penning a new punky tune called Out of Luck. Capture is very important when you are in the zone, so I’m scribbling lots of notes to myself as well. I’m hoping to work soon again with Big Z so some of my ideas can take flight!"
176000478,Good luck. You’ll need it.
176000479,nice place! =O 151515
176000480,"Good luck, Hope that’s a winning combo for you."
176000481,But why does my mom want me to take the meds?
176000482,Mine have gotten better considerably over time.
176000483,"Well, last night I set a list of things I wanted to accomplish today, and I have accomplished them: Go to my barber, get my hair buzzed off. Pick up my Lamictal Grocery shopping. For tomorrow: Clean out trash from my car’s front passenger seat. There’s a ton of trash in there, given all the driving I do, with eating in my car and all that. Grade my students’ lab practical, record the scores and post them online. Wash two loads of laundry. I should clean out my car tonight before it gets dark. Then again, _USER_ID_ is in half an hour, and I’m not feeling terribly motivated. I need to shower, too, but I plan on doing that tonight, in just a little while, most likely."
176000484,What helped you before when these feelings come up? How did you stop yourself from cutting previously? Maybe it will work again.
176000485,"For me, i dont think it is psychosis, that feels different. This is just like everything is slightly off."
176000486,You do realize that 50 mg. is a low dosage?
176000487,I take Risperdal 4mg and gained about 40 pounds. I used to have an _NAME_ also and it has been a daily struggle after gaining that much weight. I hope you have good luck starting your meds
176000488,Any usefulness on these? Instead of antipsychotics
176000489,"There’s so much surveillance out there, if the people who know how to use it wanted to find you, you would know. It’s a crazy world, but you need to focus on the things you can do for yourself right now. You should try not to be paranoid because it’s not helping you."
176000490,I love _NAME_
176000491,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000492,I dont know maybe i’m wrong but this is what my psychosis was about.
176000493,No you’re fine. Don’t go.
176000494,Obviously I have been controlled by my voices for ages. I became accustomed to them telling me what to do or what to avoid to cause a better future for myself. But now that is over im running for my life from these voices but I think in this plane of reality they are guides from the giant eye in the sky that is running this reality. Im going rogue and betraying this tyranny I will make it out. Hahaha ok I see that my mental health is deteriorating and I’m not ok with that. May someone in this plane help me even if its just a hug without intention that is in accordance to my agenda. Ok
176000495,"I don’t get nervous making phone calls to people I know, mainly formal phone calls. I tend to talk very fast and over-talk the person on the other end not letting them finish their sentences. I hate making phone calls. I repeat in my head what I want to say but always forget it. I find it helps telling the person on the other end that I get nervous and this helps. I think its to do with the general social anxiety I have in public but I’m better coping with that. Are any other people the same?"
176000496,"Challenges: Dealing with mood fluctuations, suicidality and mania. Going through a divorce and seeing the worst of someone you loved. Letting go of the past. Blessings: Son graduated Valedictorian and turned 18, had second grandchild, was stabilized on meds, stayed out of hospital, moved to healthy to new living arrangement, quit smoking."
176000497,Or perhaps the deeper question I have to ask myself is… Why do I continue to hang out with all of you saps? None of you understand humour or know how to take a joke. How do any of you cope in real life situations?
176000498,"I hear you man, i get pretty annoyed and scared when they do it. what other ways do they react to your thoughts?"
176000499,Got to shout my mum lunch at a Thai restaurant. Bought second hand shoes from vinnies. Made peace with my mum and had a nice time with her despite all the fights we have.
176000500,Some people said that “but people with sz have low IQ and you have a normal IQ” I was so so confused. What kind of misinformation do they have?
176000501,"I agree, the world is a dangerous place. You’re lucky if you have the safety of a room in it, drinking water and a toilet."
176000502,"Peanut butter snickers are really good, but my heart truly lies with _PERSON_ truffles."
176000503,"Thanks for all the support, that is kind. Sorry to hear of your dad _AT_MENTION_ and your niece _AT_MENTION_ . It is good that there was reconciliation though. My mum and i are seeing each other, there is love, we are just sometimes clashing and my psychosis caused a lot of hurt. Right now i was there and it is well between us."
176000504,There was this one time when my hallucination tried to beat me up. I know now that it was hallucination because they were talking about me with my name tossed around in that discussion and when I tried to confront them they almost beat me up.
174341772,"The fish oil and inflamatory treatments are interesting, they just need to replicate these studies but theres no funding for this sort of research."
176000505,"My voices mainly insult me and accuse me of things. I’ve tried to have conversations with them, but they won’t go for it."
176000506,I’m sza PTSD had sa ag
174341769,I’m an unmedicated sz but I’ve been like this my whole life. I think that’s the only reason I manage it so well. It’s not perfect and when I get really stressed it gets bad. But overall I am able to function
176000507,"So I’m still engaging in identity politics, the worst kind, thinking I can control the internet with my posts, and I’m in serious danger of relapsing if I haven’t already, not least because the result today, at least holistically, was the escalation of conflict between the U.S. and Iran In a previous post I said it is important to watch your nourishment, what comes in and out of your mouth, what you read and what you write, be mindful, try not to impose your will but make corrections and spread love. Identity politics is really a waste of time, yet if you live it, it seems so important, who you are, who other people think you think who you are, the perception of how you perceive yourself. I am nothing, a humble servant, or at least I try to be, to obey the natural laws of the highest authority at all times. Psychosis only really happens when I rebel or perceive others rebelling. But this is just another way of saying that psychosis happens when things get unbalanced. Our souls are free, our e
gos should obey and not rebel. That is how it should be. Identity politics is pure ego. It multiplies when the collective egos feed each other with ideas about rebelling against our souls which are one. I’m really triggered at the moment, I need to get my ego back under control and into a routine of study and discipline. I still think there are government people posting in forums, it is irrelevant to me. Let them do there thing. They are the responsible ones. I did not escalate the conflict between the U.S. and Iran, they did, for what reason I don’t know, I suspect their egos responded just as badly as everyone else’s. I must try not to be reactionary, to live free and with my ego under the control of love. Thank you."
176000508,No. You’re right on the money! It’s for everyone!
176000509,"I’m sorry you experience that. I hope it gets better soon. It’s very disturbing to experience physical sensation, especially pain, in association to a hallucination. I’m gonna do what I can to get any peace of mind on wether or not there’s an underlying condition. I hope you find peace of mind too. And, I appreciate I’m not alone in this. Thank you for sharing."
176000510,Cool I thought he was some kinda movie star by now but he goes through tough times too.
176000511,"Sarcosine isnt really a good product to use for cognition. Its like a cigarette; its effects are short lived, maybe like an hour or 2."
176000512,"Suggest attending a 12 Step program like AA. It’s what helped me sober up 27 years ago. You don’t have to be alone in this, you have a family out there waiting to support you."
176000513,"_AT_MENTION_ - doing things uses energy. Energy should be conserved to lower bills and save the planet. Save the polar bears,man. Do nothing."
174341776,Lmao You just have less negative symptoms than me.
176000514,"I’m not sure if my inability to read long text is the result of my affliction or my medication. Or perhaps phones and computers have sped up our minds so fast, that we now lack patience for even the most mundane of tasks."
176000515,No safris 151515
174341774,"It was the most meaningful to me I think. I had a very profound time with a woman not much older than me who also had schizoaffective and PTSD. We met her while we were playing checkers outside and she came over to watch and help us strategize. Eventually we got to talking and she began to rant about how the staff treated them all very unfairly and that she never felt anyone tried to talk with her when she was upset they’d just give her shots or threaten her with restraints. She also talked about certain issues she was having with her medication and how she felt no one listened to her about it. We asked if she’d like help writing a note she could bring to her doctor and she said yes. She came back out with her journal and was visibly distressed. She started going into a flashback and thought she was being raped again. Intermittently she’s start yelling at her voices. I jumped in and started helping her with breathing and grounding exercises until she calmed down and the hallucinations and fla
shbacks stopped. I also explained what she was experiencing to her and assured her she was safe. When we had to go back inside I told her if she needed anything else she could come talk to us again. Later she came to get me and wanted to talk so I went off with her myself and she started asking me things about what a flashback was and why she sometimes felt like she was on fire and I explained these things like what a tactile hallucination was. I went over all the symptoms of psychosis and PTSD and things you could do to cope with them. She told me in all her time at the hospital no one had sat down with her like this and listened to her and explained what was going on with her and she was very grateful. But then her voices started kicking in again and she had another meltdown and this time the grounding was not working, and I could tell she had a lot of anger, so I said why don’t I help you write all this down so you can get out everything you want to say? And she agreed. So for quite some time she just sa
id everything she wanted to say to her abusive family, the staff, etc and I wrote it down for her, just letting her vent. After several pages of furious writing she finally calmed down. When she calmed down I explained sometimes it helped to write things down so they could get out of our heads and she agreed and wished she didnt have trouble writing due to her symptoms. Then we started to talk about her plans for the future and things that made her happy. By the end she was very cheerful and laughing. She showed me her artwork she made. She said she was excited to find the medication that was right for her so she could live the life she wanted to. (I made sure to emphasize a LOT that medication was LIFE CHANGING-because it is) She even gave me some of her artwork because she was grateful! She told a tech she felt much better after talking to me and hugged me when I had to leave. I had also helped a schizophrenic on the unit who was being bothered by voices and I just really felt like I could help and what I w
as doing was meaningful for the first time in my clinical. It was very uplifting and to me said it was what I was destined to do. summary : helped a schizoaffective lady through two psychotic/PTSD meltdowns all by myself on my last psych clinical day and I feel really good about it and like I am choosing the right field and can make a difference"
176000516,That’s great news!!!
176000517,I caught up with my sleep I had a nice hug I said hi to my kitty cat.
176000518,Spirit world?!?! WTF! Run fast and far!!!
176000519,I quit coffee and smoke.there is only reading eating and sleeping now
176000520,My BMI is like 27.45 When I was 20 my BMI was 19 or so But that wasn’t with a healthy eating regimen
176000521,"Nice cat. Last year i painted this dog, a danish race hund3000×4000 1.51 MB"
176000522,I think it would be wildly inappropriate for anyone to never keep secrets
176000523,"Doing better, but need improvements and possibly med reduce"
176000524,"Me too. I played the guitar, nothing. I tried to read a book, i couldn’t do it. I don’t enjoy things as I used to"
176000525,"Yes, you’re right. I know nothing about drug addicts. I will stick to keeping it fun and professional. She isn’t really interested in making friends. I think I don’t want to get too involved in her life. I need to remember that people don’t change."
176000526,"It’s going to be okay. Trust your doctors, they really have your best interest in mind. Everyone is different and it takes a custom approach in regards to choosing the right medicine and support levels. The hospital is the support you need right now I’m guessing. I’ve been there, sometimes hated it, but almost subconsciously I knew I was getting the help I needed to move forward and get better. It turned out to be the right move is what I’m saying. Just be there, be honest with your doc, and relax. Hang in there."
176000527,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Any insights?
176000528,Might be time for a trip to the doctor
176000529,"It’s not meant as a diss. It what was said to me and I’m trying to process. I’m confused on which person is right, who’s the truth and the real and who isn’t."
176000530,"qp|| Love…, The Cleanliness…, The Eternal Secretive Function Erasing Endless Doubts |||+||| _PERSON_, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
176000531,"Happy birthday No, it takes a lot to get me excited these days personally. Fortunately , I havnt done any non prescription drugs in years."
176000532,"Jesus, that was a little harsh dont you think?"
176000533,Summer of 2018 was the last
176000534,"i had a great time at church today the people there are amazing, i guess i could say i exercised my faith, i love my faith, my voice was the best so far so i exercised my vocals as well lol i’m glad your doing ok anyway, i think you’re ok"
176000535,Let’s say for Monday since this weekend I will do not much 1 Prepare volunteer interview stuff 2 Start application and covering letter for that volunteer thing 3 Jog with my brother
176000536,"that’s terrible, she’s mean"
176000537,I’m on zyprexa.
174341783,Have you ever been on abilify?
176000538,"The more rapid the weight loss the faster you can gain it all back. Trust me, a slower weight loss is healthier. Rapid weight loss is not recommended especially if you suffer from a fatty liver like me."
176000539,How do you get a dog on a trial basis?
176000540,Yeah but im not unstable
176000541,"_AT_MENTION_ Thank you so much! _AT_MENTION_-ploravit You really brought something special to it, couldnt have done it without you! Thank you so much that was a great collaboration"
176000542,I like this poem _AT_MENTION_ I can relate. The older I get the less makeup I wear.
176000543,It’s the simulation! I don’t feel real either – made of plastic!
176000544,"I only gained insight because I was forced to take meds and they worked. But, like you said, before the full effect of my meds was felt, I went through a period of wavering back and forth between believing and not, in my delusions, and questioning my beliefs. After about 2 months I was delusion free, but I entered a depressive episode, because of finding out what I believed in was false all along. I guess what I want to say is that, for me, what was key to gaining insight was taking meds"
176000545,"I believe that these small grey fuzzy creatures cut open my skull and steal pieces of my brain while I sleep. They’ve been doing it since I was a kid and replacing my memories with false memories or just stealing then altogether. I’ve caught them a few times, but no one believes me."
176000546,And I’m well aware this isn’t a dating sight. But you post for years and get to know people and develop a fondness for others sometimes…etc.
176000547,Thankfully my pdoc appointment is tomorrow
176000548,"Yeah, the stuff I’ve going on now is scary. Sorry if I came across harsh. But not being able to breathe or move on my own if scary ????."
174341787,Could I ask for a summary of what they found?
176000549,"Tweak meds more. Get better at ignoring the mean voice, and moderating my emotions to keep it at bay (if something’s frustrating me, I’ll take a break from it and walk away. Otherwise the mean voice starts). Stop eating two meals at lunch (yeah I like nachos and mexican pizza but just one of those would be enough). Get on the exercise bike more. Stop smoking!!! It’s like a 200-300 dollar a month habit and I only get ~1000 a month."
176000550,"When I was playing in a soccer game, during P.E. class a very overweight boy was running across the field…and I happened to kick the ball really hard. The ball hit him in the foot and he fell down. Another time, I was playing little league baseball. I was at bat, and I swung at a pitch…and I missed the ball…and I farted at the same time. I thought, imagine the catcher. Another time, I was on my deck…and I was getting ready to eat a pizza. Then a bird flew over me and crapped on my pizza."
176000551,Does that mean it’s not so bad? Like I get paranoid but then I’m just like I don’t care as much as I used to.
176000552,"Here’s the side effects list from webmd.com I can’t use it because it interacts with metformin. Side Effects & Safety Ashwagandha is POSSIBLY SAFE when taken by mouth short-term. The long-term safety of ashwagandha is not known. Large doses of ashwagandha might cause stomach upset, diarrhea , and vomiting. ADVERTISEMENT It’s not known whether it’s safe to apply ashwagandha directly to the skin. Special Precautions & Warnings: Pregnancy and breast -feeding : Do not use ashwagandha if you are pregnant. It is rated LIKELY UNSAFE during pregnancy. There is some evidence that ashwagandha might cause miscarriages. Not enough is known about the use of ashwagandha during breast-feeding. Stay on the safe side and avoid use. Diabetes : Ashwagandha might lower blood sugar levels. This could interfere with medications used for diabetes and cause blood sugar levels to go to low. If you have diabetes, monitor your blood sugar closely. High or low blood pressure : Ashwagandha might decrease blood pressure
. This could cause blood pressure to go to low in people with low blood pressure; or interfere with medications used to treat high blood pressure. Ashwagandha should be used cautiously if you have low blood pressure or take medications for your blood pressure. Stomach ulcers : Ashwagandha can irritate the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Don’t use ashwagandha if you have a stomach ulcer. “Auto-immune diseases” such as multiple sclerosis (MS), lupus (systemic lupus erythematosus, SLE), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), or other conditions : Ashwagandha might cause the immune system to become more active, and this could increase the symptoms of auto-immune diseases. If you have one of these conditions, it’s best to avoid using ashwagandha. Surgery : Ashwagandha may slow down the central nervous system. Healthcare providers worry that anesthesia and other medications during and after surgery might increase this effect. Stop taking ashwagandha at least 2 weeks before a scheduled surgery. Thyroid disorders : Ashwagan
dha might increase thyroid hormone levels. Ashwagandha should be used cautiously or avoided if you have a thyroid condition or take thyroid hormone medications."
176000553,"Guys, guys so many déjà vu"
176000554,Wise words. I whole heartedly agree with _PERSON_.
176000555,Changed to sertraline. Hard to say.
176000556,Im a professional !! You?
176000557,"I’m an expert on failure I can tell you how Not to fail like I did, So you can fail in your own way."
176000558,Imagine having paranoia so bad you’re constantly fighting your own brain and you’ve lost grip of reality.
176000559,"when you say you made a career out of it, you mean you made a living? like earned enough money to live from it?"
176000560,I have come off meds lots of times and it has never gone to court. Mainly because I have always folded. Now I know their diagnostic practises are flawed I have a solid argument to proceed
176000561,WOW! That looks so good. Love the pavers especially. Did you do all this on your own?
176000562,I think I’m going to make a sexual health thread.
176000563,in my situation because i dont communicate i need a brother that can understand me and communicate with me.it gets boring.hes bored im bored.whats the point.im getting old as well and i take medication.im getting bored by my self.hes not.he just wants to be an ass.
176000564,When I am having a bad night I try to improve my mood with sugar and caffeine. Sometimes it works. I’m having a kind of bad night tonight. It might be because of the cold medicine I took - steroids and albuterol plus robitussin.
174341791,"I had a bad experience with Wellbutrin. Pdr tried it to treat my negative symptoms but failed. It made me fantasize about suicide and a bit manic. I was talking nonstop to my parents about suicide benefits, how it cures my sz and send me earlier to heaven to enjoy it faster. It also stopped me from working. I lost my concentration at work and hasn’t been able to work even after stopping it a couple months ago. Wellbutrin increases dopamine thus can worsen psychosis, psychosis is listed as a possible side effect on Wikipedia. Your psychiatrist should know more as everyone has different drug effects. I wouldn’t take it and continue on a different antipsychotic if you had positive symptoms like hallucinations, paranoia and delusions. Haldol is harsh, its a 1st gen ap, Abilify is a 2nd gen with much less side effects and its the med that causes the least negative symptoms. Maybe try Abilify if you really have positive symptoms. Anyways, ask your psychiatrist about all this."
176000565,http://www.autismsupportnetwork.com/news/look-aspergers-and-control-issues-autism-_PHONE_NO_ It is an aspie thing… I should find a therapist regardless…
176000566,I think my gf would still be with me if I was on Risperdal before she left me.
176000567,"Ya, I eventually switched to mini lozenges during my last year. One thing that pissed me off about them was you had to be careful not to bite into them, as the aftertaste was purely horrendous"
174341788,i feel like a waste of space… my mum always says im not but i do feel like it. I barely can do anything…
176000568,"I mean we can become more functioning than some normies. I can give you an example: after first I got I did lose a lot hope, but I managed to graduate from university find a job in which I was announced employee of the month, quarter and even employee of the year. Don’t let anyone put down due to illness. It’s much easier of course to become alcoholic and drug addict, or become severilly sick, but you can always rise from the ashes like a _NAME_"
176000569,"I think you’re right _AT_MENTION_, it’s just a normal part of getting older. Especially when you are sedentary like I am. I am 61. I think what I need to do, to counteract it, is to add a walking routine to my yoga regimen. That will not only increase my endurance, but it should strengthen my legs as well. I think I will walk 30 minutes a day, 4 times a week, at my usual brisk pace. Starting today."
176000570,I have a supplement which gives me muscle cramps if I take it regularly. But taken as a PRN it works wonders to calm me down and restore things to normal. It’s beta alanine. https://www.iherb.com/pr/Now-Foods-Sports-Beta-Alanine-Endurance-750-mg-120-Veg-Capsules/13949 I had to take beta alanine yesterday and again today as I’m going through a really rough patch. Do you have a PRN either pharmaceutical or supplement that you use in emergencies ?
174341796,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Autism, Psychosis, or Both? Unraveling Complex Patient Presentations. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Child and adolescent psychiatric clinics of North America , Jan 2020 Autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) and schizophrenia spectrum disorders co-occur at elevated rates. Although these conditions are diagnostically distinct, they share multiple clinical features and genetic risk factors. This article describes the epidemiologic features and clinical manifestations of psychosis in individuals with ASDs, while also discussing shared genetic risk factors and affected brain regions. Components of a diagnostic assessment, including a thorough developmental, behavioral, medical, and psychiatric history, will be reviewed. The authors highlight the manifestations of catatonia in this population and note the shared features between catatonia and ASDs. Finally, treatment approaches and areas for future study are suggested. https://sci-hub.tw/10.1016/j.chc._PHONE_NO_"
176000571,I blame the matrix for the coincidences
176000572,"That’s animal abuse. Dogs are carnivores and need real meat in their diets. Why Animals Do The Thing Why a Vegan Diet will Kill Your Cat (and Sicken Your Dog) — Why Animals Do... The rising popularity of vegan lifestyles has led some people to consider feeding vegan diets to their pets, but recent research proves that it is unwise, if not outright cruel, to feed them a truly vegan diet."
176000573,"Oh man, I thought statistics would be a breeze after calculus. And, I guess it is sort of easy. But this online format means I am basically teaching the entire thing to myself because the class is so poorly structured. But I did all my homework that was due this month, and am now taking a break before jumping into programming tomorrow, and my exam on Friday. My poor brain got a workout trying to figure out how to calculate standard deviations (answer: it is sooo long and boring and sucks). Leave me congratulations, for powering through and getting all my answers correct. I am an ego-driven person at heart, and I need to be told how smart I am so I can believe it again after that mental workout."
174341795,"yes will do _AT_MENTION_ the gambling is out off control with abilify, so I went to my doctor"
176000574,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov rs4680 RefSNP Report - dbSNP - NCBI more info… There are 70+ research papers on this SNP, ranging from cancer to dopamine regulation."
176000575,Did you ever try vraylar?
176000576,"I think they call those “commentary” hallucinations. Mine sometimes comment on what I’m doing but they have a theme. A story they stick too. However, the theme can change, so the story changes."
176000577,"People are leaving Costa del _NAME_, Emergency Power Act in Finland, more coronavirus cases in developing nations such as Brazil, I am afraid that this situation lasts a long time, in my little town a library is closed, a few flea markets are closed or limit their opening hours. I am really worried."
176000578,"Just meaning, the voice/noise in my head is vague, they’re just constant non-stop negative things being said to me all day long. Like you said, there is zero control over your internal space, it’s like your brain has been taken over"
176000579,i read it was about misinterpretation of sub vocal speech
176000580,""" Eat, drink, and be merry and enoy this last week because after that your life is going to be an impossible bit*h for the next 38 years""."
176000581,Ah OK. You never know but yea that’s quite a while
176000582,"Yeah - I had the severe Delusions of Grandeur. Thinking i was sending angels to babys - so they would be looked after better. The come-down was absolutly bloody terrible - with the sane realisation you wasnt actually “special” and nobody actually gave a monkeys. It was humbling… The CMHT know too well about it. Its one of my main delusions i struggle to rationise alot of the time. Little ones always make me smile tho. I adore them. I even questioned my gender, cos my god i get broody for little ones to look after"
176000583,That’s the reason why he’s not responding right there. Docs feel as if they are always right.
176000584,"So I’ve gotten in to a bit of a confusion which my voices. And proxy a voice of mine was asked if she was considering me as a plaything or a friend? The answer I got was that I couldn’t be her friend, so I’m wondering if forum knows what proxy should do. A friend or plaything?"
176000585,"I don’t do Christmas anymore, never here from anyone, I will send 1 card this year to a old online friend, she has nothing, even food is hard for her to get so a little cash in the card. that will be my good deed for Christmas. Will mail it on Dec 1"
176000586,It is and makes vomiting so much more unpleasant. 0 out of 10 would not recommend. It’s awful.
176000587,"I’ve got to make a doctor’s appointment. I’ve got little appetite and am losing weight. Also, a lot of heartburn. Wish me well."
176000588,I have an unstoppable urge to vape all the time. What should I do?
176000589,"I still remember the moment I lost my emotions, it started with catatonia/freezing. They gradually degraded to now’s level."
176000590,"Hey girlontv you don’t have a camera inside you. How do I know you might ask??? Because I had the same delusion and I studied all the latest science journals. The tech just isn’t there yet. Even the latest bleeding edge technology in a lab cant do this. It needs a radio transmitters, a recharger and a camera, that all fits in your eye (and can be put there withouth leaving a trace). It just doesn’t exist. Usually when we have breakthrough scientific findings, the scientists publish something about the technology before it is released. Every scientist wants to be the first, nobody can keep this tech secret. I have also heard people talking about my back. But it was all in my head. This is a very serious illnes we have. But it does pass, with time and medication. I see on your posts that you suffer from a psychosis. Nothing personal, it happens to the best of us"
176000591,I always feel the same. I feel that I scare people and that I am scared of them. I think its because I have no emotions and they do.
176000592,"Yeah, I think writing it down is a good idea. I have a drawer I keep all my important papers in. I have bills and paperwork of all the business that I need to take care of. For example, I have my car insurance paperwork to renew my insurance, I have a printout my doctor gave me of future appointments, I have paperwork for joining Weightwatchers, I have several papers dealing with switching internet providers, Several papers of my physical therapy provider etc. Every night, about an hour or two before bedtime I take out my stack of papers and go through them and make a list of everybody I need to call, everything I need to read (doctor handouts, SSDI papers, my diet instructions etc). I write down to exercise the next day, get my car washed. It’s a short piece of paper of about from 6-10 tasks. And once I have everything that I can do the following day, I number them as to what the priority is. I put a 1 next to the thing I need to do most, a 2 next to the next important, and so on. It’s not rea
lly as complicated as I may be making it sound. The whole process takes just several minutes. But I make this list and use it to plan my day. I try to make all my phone calls early in the morning when I’m at my sharpest. And I plan my day around doctors visits and plan the errands I need to run. I also put down places I want to go, I’ve been trying to get to a couple of nearby museums for ages but I always put it off. But yeah, this works for me, I’ve been doing it for twenty years. And another thing is that having a list works great but it took me awhile to learn not to stress about getting everything on the list done in one day. Some things I absolutely need to do that very day, other things can be put off if I don’t feel like doing them that day. As I do things on the list I cross them off."
176000593,"I have TD and I don’t take anything. They tried to give me _PERSON_, but it just made it worse."
176000594,"_PERSON_ is saying mean things about people using my voice, what next death threats?"
176000595,"No matter if they’re family or not, if they don’t love you, you can turn to someone else to love. I think the inability to love is the greatest poverty there is."
176000596,"I call _PERSON_ in a masters program for nuclear engineering and just got approved for a second year materials science specialization in nuclear physics and training with the CEA (France’s atomic energy agency). I’m not the top of my class and by no means a genius, but I am for sure an example that someone with this illness can be smart and can be successful. Dont give up, andyone reading this, you can do it with some guidance and perseverance!"
176000597,"I take 200mg clozapine (when in episode 300mg), chlorpromazine 300mg, and haldol shot 250mg monthly. You?"
176000598,"I couched it in a ‘Good Will Hunting’ way on purpose. At this time I feel like adding that. I was in psychosis; and she inherited all the friends… because we follow people more often than not. It takes ‘leadership’ now; to give a break to someone who doesn’t talk to as many people. Everyone sided with ‘who can win.’ They don’t stick their necks out enough. She’s not a survivor. And I’m not a creep. I was in the ‘city of sin’ when I found a computer lab and spoke to her, spoke to my fam there too, She was in the ‘city of angels’. My thoughts are that was the way of it; but there’s other ways to look at it. We live in a winner take all society. She got the spoils; I made her desirable, and specifically can’t my cross country drive be looked at as a ‘big accusation’ of sorts that something confusing was said and done? Like I said it was nine years ago. Feel like adding that again too."
176000599,Yeah really well done. I wish I had the concentration to learn the guitar. I can do the basic chords etc but learning scales and more advanced stuff just escapes me. You should be really proud for sticking with it and getting to be that level! Well done you.
176000600,Just pick out a theme that fits your idea. They install really easy.
176000601,isn’t it the thinking that got us here in the first place _AT_MENTION_
176000602,Me and _AT_MENTION_ are both British - so we have the wonderful NHS to support us!
176000603,There are no certainties of any kind. Perhaps just life and death.
176000604,"I was moderately depressed yesterday, so I went in and saw my therapist today after talking to her yesterday. She wants me to see the pdoc. I’ve got an appointment tomorrow at 9:30am."
176000605,Shallots are quite good.
176000606,"I am too hopeless from all the psychiatrists in general. Plus, I still consider my ex pdoc tried the best what she could for me… she just ended up by saying to stop switching meds. I cant switch them forever circle… and sorry, I suffer. I am not a bad person. I just needed some support. and maybe to be assured, that I can overcome my fears by efforts…"
176000607,life is pointless yes. but may as well make a point of it. just live it to experience it for bad or good. I’ve felt the same way as you many times and Im glad I dont have euthanasia as an option here in canada or Id have made that mistake too. Things can get better. You just gotta dig a bit.
176000608,"ok, thank you…1515"
176000609,Thanks everyone. I can’t wait to start my diet. Soon.
176000610,Here’s hoping you’re wrong .
174341804,"If I could do anything like even proving it, it would be to cure the worst damn illness on the planet that takes your soul and spits it out. That would be schizophrenia. That would be proof in the pudding as they say lol. I’m not sure, but I believe I was told the cure for schizophrenia. I’m not going to beat it to death. It would revolutionize the medical field as well as prove that I’m more than just a random victim or schizophrenia. Also, it would be another field I revolutionized besides physics. Obviously, rich and powerful people (cabal) (evil people) would be jealous and could harm me because they are psychopathic in nature. I worry about my family’s safety as well as mine."
176000611,"but it may be reasons I’ve been suspended on here. not trying to draw up old bones, but it’s really not uncommon, dual addiction."
176000612,That is good dude!
176000613,Bump _PHONE_NO_
176000614,"Cars cost a lot, especially when they break down,"
176000615,If you want revenge just think how scared and insecure those liars really are.
176000616,"I am glad that you are thinking that is what keeps us connected just remember to share, I think the site is on 24/7"
176000617,"Here too, my mother bought it from Costco."
176000618,"That’s how it is for me too. My mom tries to get me to volunteer, but I havn’t done it. _PERSON_’t talked to my dad much either. My mom calls, but I usually talk about delusional things and she doesn’t always want to hear that. I don’t talk to my sister much either. I’m often delusional and when I’m not I’m really quiet or am having some kind of thought or personality blockage."
174341806,How many days did u took abilify and tested your prolactin again ?
176000619,"See, another old guy with good advice!!!"
176000620,"I’m at the 9 year mark. I have some fears and delusions, but they are real to me… I suffered from matrix beliefs, solipsism to the extreme, and other things like no emotion or feelings or pleasure. Its a billion times better now."
176000621,"Intense restlessness, overwhelming anxious feeling in the chest, it almost burns."
176000622,The staff doing the depot were really nice. I told them about my psychosomatic ibs stuff and they were understanding. I made a pal with a girl who gets the depot 15 minutes before me - we meet every time at the depot clinic. She was really nice. On her way out I was hesitant - a wanted to ask if we could hug but she asked me first! Was a really touching moment. There are good people in this world
176000623,I found it better to just make aquaintances anyway
176000624,"I don’t hear voices unless I haven’t had enough sleep. My disability is cognitive (poor judgement and inappropriateness). I have physical limitations too: daily migraines, and general degenerative osteoarthritis."
176000625,I think you will find it was this:
176000626,Anyone else feel like their itching at night? I hate scabies
176000627,My gosh I can relate to a lot of this. It upsets me because I have sometimes got aroused sexually but I just find it hard to go through with the act itself I wish I could provide you with some advice but I’m still working on that myself. For me personally it has been like this ever since I can remember. I can really relate to the words you use disgusting and nasty and I do NOT wanna act on sexual feelings with that in mind because it doesn’t help it only makes things worse. I think seeking help is a really good first step. Your partner sounds extremely supportive. Which is very endearing and heart warming.
176000628,you are welcome. i hope you can fix it still. if not then just tag the moderators and ask them to fix it for you.
176000629,You can blame _NAME_ and Eve for that crap !!
176000630,"The brain has the power to invent elaborate stories with a lot of nuance unintentionaly. Think about dreams when you are asleep, your mind invents the voices narrative just as if it were a dream. That’s what I think anyways."
176000631,Walking up and down the driveway
176000632,"I’ve had that happen a few times, yeah. Just that crushing feeling of fear, without any real cause. I’m sorry that the breathing isn’t helping. I do have some other ways of dealing with it, but they’re not healthy so I won’t post them here"
176000633,I have great difficulty to start things _USER_ID_ stopping it without finnishing. I would get an idea to do something but then never see it through. Sometimes my family helps me to get things done.
176000634,I’ve had med free periods where I’ve been in remission but it always comes back. Message me and I can send you some links on cycling and such. It’s a spectrum disease.
176000635,"I walked the dog. I gave my sick cat his three pills, and I am going to do the pencil drawing for a painting of poppies."
176000636,"If he wasn’t very reliably a massive ??????? to you, yes, you would have gotten a different response. Of course you would have. No one thinks your relationship with him is healthy."
176000637,I need more RAM and a big SSD disk drive!!
176000638,Elefriends is going to come out with a new one too… think its called side by side…
176000639,"PubMed Central (PMC) The New News about Lithium: An Underutilized Treatment in the United States Lithium use for the treatment of mood disorders remains quite low, particularly in the United States compared with some European countries. _PERSON_ pioneered the study of lithium for prophylaxis of the recurrent mood disorder and encouraged its..."
176000640,"I also deal with intrusive thoughts of past bad behavior. Mainly I dwell on how mean I must have seemed to other people when I lashed out constantly due to always feeling like everyone was against me. I try to counter that by telling myself no one remembers/cares about what I did/said nearly as much as I do, but it’s hard. I hope we all can get over this."
176000641,what meds r u on?
176000642,Done. Good luck on your next job.
176000643,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174341812,I saw it. Is it just me or in the eyes of the media/public ‘paranoid schizophrenia’ sounds a lot more dangerous than just ‘schizophrenia ‘ I have noticed news often says paranoid sz
174341818,"EurekAlert! Synapse-saving proteins discovered, opening possibilities in Alzheimer's,... Loss of synapses is a contributing factor to Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia. Researchers from the Long School of Medicine at The University of Texas Health Science Center at San _NAME_ discovered a class of proteins that inhibit synapse..."
176000644,I just don’t know if the things in my head or true or not. I feel like a criminal like I only got psychosis because I was a terrorist and the trauma from that. But I was first diagnosed when I was 18 so it was before that. Just don’t know if both situations could be real. Like what if I was a terrorist too?
176000645,"Yeah that’s true, she was only person I’ve ever really dated"
176000646,My father suffered from breathing issues after he got vaccinated. He’s still not completely better.
176000647,"Yes it does, I get angry and keeps it under control. The max violent thing I have done is I broke my phone."
176000648,You have eternity to experience death. Try and focus on living everyday you can before that happens. Worrying about the inevitable is wasting the time you actually have.
176000649,"Haldol often works within hours or so. I would go from extremely psychotic to normal in a very short time. Nurses in the ward told me they never saw someone respond so fast to meds. If i have bad symptoms now, usually at night, i take haldol, go back to bed and wake up a lot better. Within a day or days i seem to have the full effect and get very sad, sleepy and depressed."
176000650,If you aren’t having an emergency why would you need an ambulance? Get there some other way.
176000651,Hm. I feel different. Like I’m so lucky. But I still don’t know really. It’s just what my dad told me really reassured me to the point where I’m trusting him and don’t feel delusional.
176000652,could there be any benefits to our past trauma voices and all?
174341817,"I’ve had a crazy doctor before. He seriously acted like a mental patient with schizo pretending to be the doctor. But he really was the doctor. If you’ve been to a psych ward, you guys know it’s normal for the doctor to only stay a a couple hours and leave in the evening but this one doctor stayed 24/7 and was acting crazy. When we talked, he just kept laughing. He didn’t even dress professionally. He looked like a 40 year old dressing like a emo kid with “fingerless gloves” kinda like motorcycle gloves and he had very long unkempt hair. And he just kept laughing at me. I want to believe he was a patient acting like a doctor, but he really was the doctor. When I went in to his office, we just stared at each other and laughed, we talked about nothing. I was also hearing very evil voices in my head when I was in his office. He stayed at the psych ward all day and night. At night he would make crazy noises and rummage through this paperwork like he was crazy. I can never forget him. It was 
very scary. The medication he prescribed me made me hear voices to overdose on the meds he gave me and attempt suicide. I did it and woke up in another mental hospital. In my eyes, he was the devil in human form. I’ve never heard crazier, sick, demented and evil voices ever until I looked him in the eyes. I can’t shake this belief. Other people in the psych ward was also punching walls and screaming “he’s not my doctor!”. My story is 100% real."
176000653,I tend to believe or I pretend to believe easily what other people tell me but they regularly deny themselves. now I have a good accuracy in identifying toxic personalities and I do not take the hook
174341811,I took Saphris and it made me gain 100 lbs in 6 months while on a calorie controlled diet and exercising daily. ???? that nonsense. Hopefully the patch isn’t as bad as the sublingual.
176000654,Have you tried putting a song you love on a bluetooth speaker and then singing to it in the shower? That’s fun. Especially if you use a loofah sponge as a microphone! “You shook me all night long…”
176000655,Oh really? That would be nice if they would’ve ??????? told me that.
176000656,Actions speak louder than words - even than voices. Kudos for the towel job.
176000657,I have several flattened discs in my spine but my dr says it shouldn’t cause pain. The internet says it does cause pain. I’m sick of substandard health care because I am mentally ill
176000658,Where in a horror movie and us sz are the victims . Aliens probably find it amusing that we suffer so much
176000659,Yes thanks _AT_MENTION_
176000660,I’m on meds since I was 19. Now I’m almost 36 years old.
176000661,I was saying IF she tries to kill me
176000662,Yaay! Glad it’s working out for you!
176000663,I don’t think I’m going to hell for my mistakes I believe god is with me through all the good and bad in my life also I read alot of NDE’s on reddit and they were all peaceful
176000664,2E2215C8-ECFC-43E4-994E-4028C12FC753.jpeg 1537×2080 1.1 MB
176000665,"Tips: get rid of smoke paraphernalia: lighters, ashtrays, pipes, etc Pick a planned quit date. Quitting cold turkey didn’t work for me. I picked a day about a week out and got my hands on some free patches. When that day arrived, I was ready. Think of the health benefits (you and others), the money you save, and not smelling like an ashtray."
176000666,"show me an alien, take me to their home planet and then i will believe, other than that it is all make believe."
176000667,Bored bored bored. Voices voices voices. Neighbors neighbors neighbors.
174341822,"No ,I think im gunna go crazy but its a risk i’m willing to take, couldn’t stand taking the medication. If it get’s really bad ill have to do what’s best for myslef and go back on it. But yea i used to speak so fluently but i feel like I can’t say what I want to say."
176000668,What’s Ugly About it (???).
176000669,Can you comprehende all that??
176000670,"This therapist told me one time that just having someone there makes a big difference. Personally, I have my own room, and I have a high tolerance for solitude, but I do need some human interaction. After the weekend is over I’m ready to go back to the clubhouse. Is there any kind of a place for people in your situation to interact near where you live? You might want to check that out."
176000671,"I personally don’t have mine private. I don’t mind people reading my stories or past posts, going on to see what I look like, or just observe. I’ve never had any negativity from keeping my profile open. That being said, I fully support a persons right for anonymity. People have paranoia about who’s viewing them, reading their past, judging them, gathering info on them. All forms of possible paranoid delusion. If being hidden helps them, I support their decision. I’d like it to be a perfect world where everyone was as comfortable as I am, but… Just a llamas opinion,"
176000672,I’m glad. I have trouble feeling calm so I know how good that must feel
176000673,Pouring water over my mac airbook and my 2TB PS4
176000674,"Wow, that’s really eye opening"
176000675,I don’t think I understand the question?
176000676,"I feel like I am being watched and I don’t like it. I want my private space. I feel like I can’t be myself, even when I am ‘on my own’ because I am being watched. And when I am socialising I am also being watched and it makes socialising less enjoyable. But on a positive note, I am not full blown psychotic and I think I might be able to eventually cope with this delusion. Idk if it will ever go away. Maybe. Maybe not."
174341821,"Yes. Full time as software developer. It’s mentally exhausting, but it’s almost the only lucrative thing I know how to do. I could also be a translator but the paycheck would drastically shrink."
176000677,Wow. I didn’t look at the card. I just thought it was from the Farside. I took it down
176000678,I hope the med increase does the job _AT_MENTION_ . Are you going up from 10-15mg? Did 10mg stop the voices before
176000679,Mate. I can relate. Some things just do my head in. I’m not completely stupid but find myself doing stupid things all the time. I don’t think getting older helps either but sz really does affect ones reasoning abilities for sure.
176000680,I’ve got rid of my auditory hallucinations permanently with zinc supplementation. You’ll need like 7:1 ratio to copper which would be 2mg copper and 15mg zinc
176000681,Yep I hear you.
176000682,"And if you wanna just read it here’s the lyrics below. This is what I’ve been up to lately. Imagine Blind palm trees swaying in the bitter breeze That stinking cheese Macaroni, salad Potatoes and meat Vegetables, cabbage And it’s all we’re gonna eat Plus that lemonade so god damn sweet Bread with Apple butter Marmalade jam and rum for my other brother. The one I didn’t discover til I was thirty something. Years old. Because I was lost in foster care since the day I was left out in the cold. But the story goes. Stories told. Thirty four. Years old. I go to find my mothers grave by the grassy knoll. Well a man standing there I coulda told you what he holds… true. From the beginning because I could feel something. In common. cmon Lets be pals. I’m like I’m _PERSON_ he’s like I’m Al. And this is my gal Natal. And my sister, _NAME_. She’s mighty trendy. With her sporty style. That she sported since she was just a child. Now she’s a giant. In some industry. I’m not lying when I 
say that she is a assistant to the. CEO. At the top. And now she’s my sister? Just stop. How lucky I am. Sucky in the past now I am the man. Life is good. Barbecue. With my new. Family. How _NAME_ this beach. We eat. On…Eat and drink Till our minds gone. And our stomachs full. Well nothings true but I’m so cool. I’m coo coo. Crazy. Come save me. I gave the old Lazy ??????? fuel. I told the other dude to stay in school. Nihilistic dealings Not a man in the mirror For these rhythms stole my emotions and my feelings In a time so degenerative I’m just not healing Maybe society regenerates after a million years and A trillion more days But after that all is left is a zillion more rays from the sun to shine on in this haze This never beautiful maze Caught in the cubicle lost The root is the cost Because the rhythm of my ego is to not be tossed to the side Think you’re a hero wait till this roller coaster ride. Buckle up. Seatbelt. Sucker punched By some fella Took forever To get down in your chair. So h
e punched you square. But I already told you I just don’t damn care. I’m the wildest nihilist to ever deny ya a wish. But really I couldn’t care for it a bit. Either way. Just wanna die today. But I don’t even have a will, a way. My thoughts are crazy. I guess. I’m just maybe the best. Maybe the worst, maybe I’m nothing but this verse. Maybe I’m ??????? up Because I don’t care about the earth. You shouldn’t care either. Not that I care if you do, Or you don’t. Lucky To live on earth like seriously I could’ve been born on the moon or mars. I just don’t think mars or the moon has as good of a beauty as earth, even now. Nor the history. Well the craters on the moon bring you back many millennia but earth gave birth to humans. And Ever since we expanded our space program it’s just created more problems for us. Like everyone’s saying how good it is to live in space but it’s only for a few so far and it creates more inequality’s. I don’t think it’s even that great. Well they say 
the view is nice from certain parts of the moon but I’d much prefer the rivers as toxic as they are. The land burned to a crisp and barren wasteland as it is. The ocean full of plastic and dead and mutated fish. Give me earth, the motherland, despite all of its problems. -Anonymous February 30th, 2403"
176000683,"My sleep hasn’t been good lately. I’ve been waking up throughout the night. I agree that the bad sleep makes it worse. Then of course the worse it gets, the less able I am to sleep. It’s a viscous cycle, like it says at the end of the article. I’ve gotten better at doing a bedtime routine, sort of an elaborate winding down, which had been helping a little. I guess I just have to wait it out."
176000684,"Trazodone is officially classified as an antidepressant. That drug affects different people differently. It puts some people into a deep sleep for twenty hours, and has no effect on other people. Sometimes being in a deep sleep for twenty hours sounds good, but it has no effect on me."
174341832,Good luck! 155555
176000685,"Jeez I never knew how much your (Anhedonia?) is crippling to you. Do you get sun ever where you are? Maybe you could find a park? With headphones? That’s something concrete my therapist drove into me, there’s nothing like 10 minutes of sunshine. I Even got my hands on a Happy Light for S.A.D(seasonal affect disorder). i guess your also ordering nicotine online still? I thought all that was shown to be worse, I’m like to knelt though bc I’m sick of going to the store."
176000686,"Ah, so i have competition! I’d like to see some pictures of your cakes if you have any. Thanks for your comments."
176000687,I wouldn’t use hemp on my tattoos either. Why don’t you buy regular unscented lotion like Lubriderm?
176000688,Yeah I asked them a math question and they got it wrong. To be fair it was something difficult to do in your head like 79 x 56. I wouldn’t say it totally disproves they’re real but it doesn’t help their case.
176000689,"I tried conceiving with my wife for 5-6 month,but she’s not pregnant yet.Antipsychotic reduce sperm count"
176000690,Nah I think I’ll pass but thanks.
174341828,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Potential beneficial effects of caffeine administration in the neonatal period of an animal model of schizophrenia. AC _PERSON_, _PERSON_ Hungria, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Behavioural brain research, May 2020 14 Obstetric complications, like maternal hypertension and neonatal hypoxia, disrupt brain development, leading to psychiatry disorders later in life, like schizophrenia. The exact mechanisms behind this risk are not yet well known. Spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) are a well-established model to study neurodevelopment of schizophrenia since they exhibit behavioral alterations mimicking schizophrenia that can be improved with antipsychotic drugs. SHR mothers are hypertensive, and the SHR offspring develop in preeclampsia-like conditions. Hypoxic conditions increase levels of adenosine, which play an important role in brain development. The enhanced levels of adenosine at birth could be related to the future development of schizophrenia. To investigate this hypothe
sis adenosine levels of brain neonatal Wistar rats and SHR were quantified. After that, caffeine, an antagonist of adenosinergic system, was administrated on PND (postnatal day) 7 (neurodevelopmental age similar to a human at delivery) and rats were observed at adolescent and adult ages. We also investigated the acute effects of caffeine at adolescent and adult ages. SHR control adolescent and adult groups presented behavioral deficits like hyperlocomotion, deficit in social interaction (SI), and contextual fear conditioning (CFC). In SHR, neonatal caffeine treatment on PND 7 normalized hyperlocomotion, improved SI, and CFC observed at adolescent period and adult ages, showing a beneficial effect on schizophrenia-like behaviors. Wistar rats neonatally treated with caffeine exhibited hyperlocomotion, deficit in SI and CFC when observed at adolescent and adult ages. Acutely caffeine treatment administrated at adolescent and adult ages increased locomotion and decreased SI time of Wistar rats and impair CFC in a
dult Wistars. No effects were observed in SHR. In conclusion, caffeine can be suggested as a useful drug to prevent behavioral deficits observed in this animal model of prenatal hypoxia-induced schizophrenia profile when specifically administered on PND 7."
176000691,Its the meds that sedate and make us sleep a lot. Since starting AP I was sleeping 16+h/day. Now I use coffee to fight sleepiness.
174341815,"i skipped my shot this month and plan on getting the go ahead to stop my shot on Monday. I really have a problem with the side effects. Low energy, no motivation, sexual. Apathy, no enjoyment of things. Keep in mind I have Abilify, as well. Adding that seemed to help me and I’m not seekng to bash Invega because it helped me with psychosis and delusion. What I am interested in is stories of what it was like to quit. Currently, thanks to Abilify, I have noticed none of my normal symptoms when my shot wore off. Anyone else see an improvement in negatives when going off the shot and moving to a single pill? Again, no bashing, please."
174341834,That was hilarious!
176000692,I think there’s others more qualified to answer that. Someone will get back to you to work out if possible. Most of the Americans are asleep at this time. I don’t want to say anything either way but be patient and someone will get back to you.
176000693,No need to apologise. That’s what the forum is for.
176000694,"IDK, I hope the rent is reasonable there."
174341813,You have difficulties in learning. But nobody told you it’s sz. Same for your father. Could be something else.
176000695,Are your voices engaging you in conversation?
176000696,"I still have it but its much less on meds, I can also control it on meds. I feel that its like OCD. Did meds help you with laughter?"
176000698,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000699,"If you need the hospitalization to get stable again, yes. If you’re using it to socialize, no."
174341824,i trust you. mainly because ive seen so much of your good content on here. like i said i wasnt upset or anything just had a brainfart with the whole employed by military lol. ive had schizoaffective for about 9 years. got any advice for when i get older? earlier this evening i was upset about seeing other people on facebook that i knew from when i was younger and how they are all married with kids and what not and seemed happy… did u ever get married and have kids or are we both in the statistic of those men who are dx before age 25 never marry?
176000700,I just want these small necklaces/chains for them to keep. No need for another urn. Just something to dump into the lake
176000701,And I think bbw is a type of printing Bold Black white. Good for newspapers
176000702,it’s stupid. idk.
176000703,I feel depressed this week
176000704,Did you by chance have involuntary arousal. That’s what is really bothering me.
176000705,I hope you change your mind _AT_MENTION_ .
176000706,Not my intention but proves my point I can’t trust no one and your point I don’t belong here.
176000707,"Black beans, eggs, frozen vegetables, spinach/lettuce, cheese sticks."
176000708,"_PERSON_ goes nonverbal sometimes. We have a plan in place that we made when he was calm for helping him break out of it. I hold up two hands far apart, then ask yes/no questions and he high fives the left hand for yes and the right hand for no. Once I know he is safe, I can start to break him out of it by quoting the first half of popular memes at him. Usually, his echolalia will override his brain and he will complete the quote. Once his brain remembers how to form words again, I can ask him other simple questions. I guess if you are doing it on your own, I would suggest playing the first half of popularly quoted videos you like, then seeing if your brain rushes in to complete the quote."
176000709,Its good that you got financial security. That should be the first priority imo. Working on that now myself. I can deeply relate to being hospitalized from the work environment. I wasnt but I lost an internship because I just could not deal
176000710,What’s the role of arts?
176000711,"When I was 18,I felt like 60.Now I’m 45 and feel like 16. _AT_MENTION_, you look like 30."
176000712,"No sire, nooo …"
176000713,"I might be wrong though. From what I know, this differs from case by case but some people with Parkinson’s have behavioural symptoms as well."
176000714,I’m tired of feeling trapped. And empty. And scared.
176000715,"Last time I looked, male."
176000716,I guess I will just not listen when they talk about real life and the future. Thinking about my future scares me to death. I avoid it.
176000717,i could concentrate better and do more things. I was on 30mg extended once per day and then 20mg extended release once per day.
176000718,I find that cleaning late at night is a good time to do it. When everybody is asleep and it’s quiet and peaceful. And no distractions.
176000719,Did you overcome the fantasy world of grandeur and did you descend to this common world?
176000720,Yeah… Now that you say it… She does actually. I was trying to find the original photo but can’t see it on Pinterest anymore
176000721,"I think the visual hallucinations I had were caused by sertraline. The devil in the head thing was just severe pure O OCD, I didn’t believe back then it was real, but it made me very anxious all the same. So what’s your take on all this?"
176000722,for a few weeks when I was on a 1200 calorie diet I paid for healthy microwave meals at around 600 calories a meal. It was with musclefood.com but it is more expensive.
176000723,Take your meds or get a med adjustment. You’re hearing things.
176000724,Insight is rare but it’s not unheard of.
176000725,_AT_MENTION_ Others have given you good explanations but you have chosen to ignore them and pursue the same line of questioning again and again . I can not add any more on that score than has already been said.
176000726,"I just think about what to do in life then myself and voices talk me out of it … It’s ok to drink tonight No it’s not It’s ok to watch movies with violence It will ???? yer brain up It’s ok to treat myself No yer teeth will rot Oh, how they lie I could make a list of 100+ things"
176000727,"Psychiatric Times Addressing Obesity in Patients Taking Antipsychotics Antipsychotic-induced weight gain evolves over time, leads to chronic complications, and is very difficult to reverse. Pharmacologic interventions used to tackle weight gain are modestly effective and worth considering in certain cases."
176000728,"I haven’t talked to my therapist about my 5 months in solitary, I guess it just slipped my mind. If that didn’t give me ptsd nothing will. When I hear about other people’s ptsd it always sounds trivial by comparison, so I don’t think I’d be very welcome in a ptsd group. I’m glad you found a dedicated closed group so you guys can get to know each other and don’t have to adapt to new members all the time."
176000729,I can so relate with the escaping the depression part. Just sleep away the boring hours. It’s just too many hours to do stuff in. That’s wat I mean. A few hours I can do though.
176000730,I’m a little leery of this one as it is based on revealing your illness which many counselors or employment agencies I’ve run into kind of advise against. But it’s an option and there’s some good information here. Talkspace – 28 Dec 17 9 Tips for Managing Gaps in Your Resume Due to Mental Illness | Talkspace _NAME_ offers 9 tips for managing gaps in your resume due to mental illness. Use them to ensure you can get the job you deserve.
176000731,I relapsed after 1.5 years without meds but I hope that you don’t relapse. Psychosis got gradually worse until my parents called the cops and ambulance.
176000732,"I’d love to have a test like that done on myself, I really worry but have no way to measure it. I wish you the best."
176000733,My doctor thinks that clozapine made me more social I disagree
176000734,"I hope so but I have high blood pressure and high cholesterol, taking meds for these and I am just 30. My mother told me that I might die soon in my sleep from a heart attack due to obesity and inactivity, my bmi is 43, its very obese."
176000736,I would love to get off my meds but it’s not possible. I would be very careful _AT_MENTION_ . Talk it over with your doctor.
176000737,"Constantly this morning they are telling that me and maybe my sister are going to get killed, die, or even worse. What can I do? Our lives are in danger I don’t know if the police will help? I am asking for a miracle. I just want a normal life. I don’t want us to die soon."
176000738,Honesty is always best.
176000739,"My daughter got me to kinda shower. I went inside the shower, only washed my hair, and washed on my private parts… I am still so mad at her for suggesting it and getting me to shower!!! She even had the audacity to give me soap."
176000740,I feel for you…I am on day two cold turkey and really reeling right now…I am convinced cigarettes are going to kill me if I don’t stop so it makes it easier…good for you for sticking to your aids…it will pass…
176000741,Think its just imagined
174341838,Are you pretty amped up when you stay awake for so long or is it just due to your positive symptoms. I used to stay up like that or longer but I’m sza bipolar.
176000742,"I hope you know enough about your BP medication so you aren’t doing something dangerous by stopping it. I get a printout from my pharmacy each time I fill a prescription. It gives lots of info on possible side effects, taking it with other medications and stopping it suddenly. My BP meds warn me about stopping them suddenly. I forgot exactly what it said, but there is a danger of going off them."
174341842,"Schizophrenics have a shorter than average life span. I’m 70, myself."
176000743,That has definitely been the case here. I will write a nice letter/card for him as he has helped me more than anyone else
176000744,_AT_MENTION_ I heard that this could happen with some medications. The knee/hip pain is so horrible- sorry to hear that you go through that also. _AT_MENTION_ I understand. I also like fizzy drinks (carbonated drinks) but I don’t drink them all the time. You will be ok- if you are concerned about smoking you could also see a specialist for that. _AT_MENTION_ You’re doing great! Please take care of yourself and know that you are loved.
174341837,"dovepress.com Schizophrenia Treatment with Second-Generation Antipsychotics: A Multi | NDT Schizophrenia Treatment with Second-Generation Antipsychotics: A Multi-Country Comparison of the Costs of Cardiovascular and Metabolic Adverse Events and Weight Gain Lurasidone was associated with the lowest lifetime costs amongst patients initiating acute treatment compared to all other atypical antipsychotics considered. The second lowest costs were for ziprasidone. These results were observed for all seven countries. The main drivers of cost differences were rates of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, which were lowest for lurasidone, followed by ziprasidone then lumateperone. Costs for managing weight gain were lowest for lurasidone and ziprasidone. Similar results were observed for patients initiating maintenance treatment. I think I posted this before but whatever…"
176000745,"Pacific Prime's Blog – 12 Apr 13 Love and Your Health – 8 Astounding Health Benefits of Being in Love Being in love can fight disease, reduce stress and boost immunity. Find out the health benefits of a relationship here."
176000746,pdoc said he don’t want to increase meds as coping well. I told him about the intrusive/obsessive thoughts.
174341849,"After talking to my psychiatrist, we think I have bipolar in addition to sz. I’ve never really had intense mania. My upward swings are usually more subdued than that (hypomania?). The depression cycles hit me very hard though. I’m gonna talk to my pdoc about this more when I meet him next. Does anyone else have a diagnosis of Bipolar (I/II) in addition to the sz diagnosis? Is it referred to as schizoaffective?"
176000747,beatiful i _NAME_ your attitude.positive habibi you positive.good on you
176000748,Last time I checked it was £250 for a 45 min session
176000749,"Being a freak may not necessarily be a bad thing, freaks do big things, I’m one of them, sometimes your inner critical voice are actually saying positive things and we take them wrong, u know what I mean? You’re stronger than your demons"
176000750,I’m sorry to hear your story. I have difficulty making friends mainly because I’m not around people from a long period of time Also because I believe the ability to make friends is impaired due to the illness. They say you have the best chance in attracting the right people when you fell good inside. Needless to say I dont always feel well.
176000751,You ever tried communicating with the reptilians?
176000752,image4096×1714 3.12 MB
176000753,"I got diagnosed in1980 at age 19. I never made a plan to get a job but after the initial 2 1/2 years of suffering I got a job. I stayed four years and I have worked at various other jobs almost steadily since then until my current janitor job. Most jobs I got were entry level, no experience needed labor jobs. Hey, it pays the bills. Since giving advice is free I would just say that if you think you have a chance than go for it. But I would also say that taking risks are fine but it wouldn’t hurt to have a back up plan in case things don’t work out. Like put aside some money while you’re working on it so you have money to fall back on if it doesn’t work out. Or maybe plan out a secondary career that you know you have a good chance of doing if the lawyer plan doesn’t work. I don’t know much about lawyering but I hope it’s not too stressful or puts too much pressure on you. Some people shoot for the stars, I’m just happy that I can work my various jobs like working unloading trucks or 
moving furniture at HP. I think if you have modest, realistic plans that give you a chance at succeeding than maybe it’s possible. What I mean by modest and realistic is to not try to be the next _NAME_ defending an _PERSON_ on national TV. You may never be a high powered, famous trial lawyer but maybe set your sights on getting a job in a small firm with 10 or 15 employees. Something modest that can earn you a good paycheck. But yeah, having a job you can fall back on as a safety net if the lawyer job doesn’t work out may be a smart thing to do."
176000754,Nothing wrong with it being bumped up the list.
176000755,I feel for your pain and struggle. I too rely heavily on my mother and father to help me with getting groceries and being with me when I drive my car. I fortunately have managed to get on SSI and SSDI and have also saved up a decent amount of money in my ABLE account. The past november I just moved out of my parents house and got my own apartment in federal housing low income. I’m super blessed to have all these things and I hope you don’t end up on the streets. I’ve been on the streets before and it ain’t no joke. Have you tried getting social security disability benefits and waiting list for federal housing?
174341845,"PubMed Heart rate variability is associated with disease severity in psychosis... While a growing literature links cardiac autonomic dysregulation to a variety of psychiatric disorders, the relationship between cardiac autonomic functioning and specific symptoms in schizophrenia (SZ) and bipolar disorder (BD) remains elusive...."
176000756,Some meds are assessed by a blood draw. Perhaps that is what was meant?
176000757,Yeah. This is entirely your paranoia
176000758,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000759,The american national team is frustrating to watch. The reason why is they keep making bad passes.
174341846,This is a stupid question as others have made clear. I would however recommend watching some of the living well with Schizophrenia videos on Youtube.
176000760,I’m very sorry. Horrible news. i hope you get through this without any self blame and remember to reach out if you need help.
174341848,"What I do about memories is decide which ones are really memorable and led me on to greater things and the useless memories where I wasn’t much more than an asswipe. Not to hate me when I was weak, but to learn what or who it was who weakened me."
174341850,"I see what you are saying. Honestly I’m convinced free will is a myth, but with an illness as complex as schizophrenia it seems like victims of this illness go against the grain and think differently. Which reminds me of why they call it a though disorder! It goes against social norms and completely takes us out of normal living. I think its a genetic mis step in evolving. Maybe we are gifted and cursed? We assign meaning to anything and that is what makes us human, life is meaningless but we find meaning in things that probably are worth nothing. Idk if I’m making sense. It just makes me think… Great post!!!"
176000761,Tart _NAME_ improves working memory. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/307527460_Tart_cherry_supplementation_improves_working_memory_hippocampal_inflammation_and_autophagy_in_aged_rats
174341843,"The aliens told me my story and my reincarnation story despite an eternity of schizophrenia, confusion, delusion, and suffering. I’m not joking. I can never figure out what happened to me at college. I have theories before that time like when I was younger and I was a talented youth/genius boy. An underachiever. Basically, I was born as _NAME_ and was sent to _NAME_s Hospital and tormented by Nazis. Then I reincarnated in America a trillion or so lifetimes ago as a worker on the Montauk Project in another reality/computer simulation by grey aliens. Then I became _NAME_ (American) a trillion or so lifetimes ago and built a time machine. Then my current theory that in this life I am _USER_ID_ the founder and creator of Bitcoin, but I have no memories or evidence or proof or skills despite the imagination, false memories, and delusion. I became immortal and possibly joined the Illuminati in a past life. I have been poor, disabled, and schizophrenic since. I’m stuck in a time loop that begins after 
bitcoin was created and I am worth nothing and living in poverty because aliens or the Illuminati stole all my money (aliens also stole my time machine too). I was tortured for thousands if not millions if not billions of times by aliens, mainly grey extraterrestrials. They sent my consciousness into wormholes in different timelines where I suffered greatly. I went insane. They told me to accept Jesus Christ into my heart and they are afraid of Jesus, which makes me think this whole thing is Good vs Evil and Light vs Darkness and is all Demonic, Christianity crap in the end. I don’t even know if we are truly in a computer simulation or not anymore. I don’t know. It doesn’t matter, right in the end? Anyways, that’s my reincarnation story and what the grey aliens told me. I even had delusions that I was sent back in time again to _NAME_ Hospital as a schizophrenic for torment and death, but I don’t know. I’ve been to hell and worse places than hell. I’m just so tired and numb about it. Money would 
be nice, but my family said it’s a pipe dream and that there’s no proof or evidence of anything happening to me. I know the truth though and so do the grey aliens and reptilians. I would have gotten help or went to the police many times but my mom said they would hospitalize her too if she told them my story and think she was crazy lol. We both would be put inpatient. _NAME_ talked about it too. Anyways, that’s the truth of what is my story and everything. My life was destroyed repeatedly in every life."
176000762,"Not really. Mr. Star and I didnt have our first serious argument until right before the wedding, when I had a mixed state episode."
176000763,Here’s the list if food highest in antioxidants: https://www.superfoodly.com/orac-values/
176000764,"this is hard to believe, what do you mean, your doctor, I’ve never shared this with her. You, and your doctor, okay. ha."
176000765,i laughed really hard when i saw this thanks
176000766,"How can you properly describe this feeling? Memories, maybe false, maybe delusion, but clear, formed, maybe real? I remember a place worlds away, that I called home. A place eternal and infinite, beyond this material plane. A place full of light, warm, shimmering, a connection and whole oneness to all in existence. I still yearn for this place, I have a deep longing to be there, a homesickness of sorts. And I feel I can never properly explain it. They tell me it’s fake, that it’s not real. I tell them they just don’t remember that place, or have never been. I’m told we all originated from this place, by the voices. I’m having to remind myself I’m sick, and that this may all be fake. Remind myself that I can’t trust myself and my memories, even if they do call out to me, and leave something longing inside. A physical and emotional reaction to a delusional memory and confused thought patterns, even further cemented by visions and voices? Maybe that’s It. Maybe I’m just a madman. Any
one else have to fight feelings like that?"
176000767,welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_ i’d talk to a pdoc though… if you on it early they can help you really well. And it’s better to know if something is wrong with you cause then you can do something about it/
176000768,Got my Clozapine pills from the pharmacy today. I take my first dose tonight. !!
174341854,"You don’t have to have depression to be schizoaffective. There’s bipolar type and depressive type. The bipolar type is often just a lot of mania with some lows. I felt I should be depressive type, but getting hypomania ruled that out."
176000769,I have an MBA also but I will take you up on it. Can’t be too careful these days.
174341863,"I’d put more faith in a nice, humble, respectable janitor or maintenence worker who knows me more or is around me more than an overpaid, crappy, average psychiatrist that is just trying to get rid of me after a 5 min consultation. I put more faith and interest in my immediate family than anyone else. I have no cousins anymore or extended family. They stopped talking to me after my illness. My step dad does more for me than them. Basically the 3 other people that live with me do more for me than anyone else. They say I need some meds and some goals and that Vraylar works. It has kept me out of the hospital. My dad is abusive emotionally to me. Im glad he is leaving the state. I wish him the best. But I think the problem here is most people don’t respect normal peoples insights. There’s nothing wrong with being a janitor or just a random comment. If some random person or jerk told me something about my meds, life, or schizophrenia, I would cross them out of my life and move on."
176000770,"Hmm, that’s interesting. I mean I’ve almost always labeled as sz. Maybe it was because I was crying hysterically because I thought the military was at my house. The other times I wasn’t crying, just jumpy and creepy."
176000771,New bed here and already has bed bugs. 2 years user of bed bus here.
176000772,_NAME_ is my favourite stone i wanted an _NAME_ ring if I ever did get engaged
176000773,Met a hundred such coworkers at my old jobs. I gave them a wide berth. If the crap turned into bullying then I wasn’t very nice. At the liquor store this senior clerk suddenly found the owner constantly breathing down his neck because someone (me? Nah!!) started 'sharing ’ how much of a screw up he was and eventually this person decided to quit. When he left I got better hours and a pay boost. Yay for Skunks.
176000774,"I understand your point of view…what a difficult and sad situation for you. I have a son and i too developped psychosis after he was born. One side: I never really thought about having kids, but since i was pregnant i have loved him so much and am so happy he is there. The other side: i cant take fulltime care of him, and im frightened i pass the psychosis risk on to him. So i can see why you dont want a child, especially if you never desired one, and this is so fundamental you dont want to compromise. It is terribly sad your husband wants to leave you over that. Sending you hugs and lots of strength to deal with this. Might it be he is only saying this because he is sad about it now, and wont leave if you really decided on a no?"
176000775,According to Google clobazam has a half life of 18 hours so it makes sense to me that you would be knocked out for 18 hours. I looked at some common other benzos and found that Xanax has a half life of only 11 hours. That was the lowest I could find. Why don’t you ask your pdoc to switch to Xanax at least you would be getting 7 hours back. That’s worth changing for.
176000776,"Hmm. Sounds Treacherous & Sneaky. . . Remember!, Your Brain Belongs To Your Heart Psychologically. It Is Not A Controlling Being. Remember That You Ch-Ch-Choose Your Next Action. . . So. If Your Brain Says, ‘Snakes Are Under Your Safe Place’. Answer Back With!. . . ‘No My Bed Is Mine!, And You Don’t Own It Snake Thoughts’!. Hope, Love, Joy, And Peace!."
176000777,Yes a soulmate is someone with the same background…Do wou want to feel more or a you just annoyed with people asking questions about where you are going??
176000778,Yes I always feel like I’m doing something wrong and they are out to get me
176000779,Did I tell you about the ufc fighter who reportedly sued a supplement company for containing traces of stuff they made him fail a test. Not sure if it is true or not. I heard the figure of $25 million - that makes me doubt the story
176000780,Yes you should have. Good job!
176000781,"Hmm. I Tried WIX With The Intent to Blog a Spiritual System Set of Traditional Family Values. It Wasn’t Going to According to Plan. The Website is Limited With The Process to Handle My Collective Sense of Original Ideas. Still looking. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
176000782,"I drink a lot of tea too. Mostly green but some black. I recently tried white tea, with sweetner and lemon its pretty good, healthier than green tea. All 3 are from the same plant, just harvested at different times and processed differently…its amazing how they all taste so different."
176000783,Then what happens when you’re shown the “real” reality one day. How do you know that too isn’t a simulation. It’s a dead end theory.
176000784,"I like football and working out, comparing the two I prefer football simple because it’s not as dull if done moderately.Working out is good for health"
174341866,"A lot of schizophrenics teach university, or so it seems to me. I don’t think they are taking quotas for mentally ill. How would they know who has mental illness? I went to college, and few knew I had schizophrenia."
176000785,"I know I havent been on much lately and part if that is because I was doing good. Then things started to slip. I forgot stuff, easily angered, emotional. Psychotic I was talking and answering the voices. So I felt ashamed and scared to come back. I got a new med prescribed the pdoc lowered the lithium and added buspar. Um so that’s about it"
176000786,"I will try the hotline now, but I am not sure what good it will do. Might try and pay for a pdoc privately but it seems hard to find one who will be a prescriber"
176000787,"I get partially psychotic sometimes , I connect things …to god …I am on invega 159mg three weekly …I feel like upping the dose won’t do much of a difference …I am unable to go out by myself …because of symptoms of connecting. Cars boards etc to god …I feel like I am in a different world this happens for until I am outside …and then I am ok in the house …what do u think I should do ? I use to take risperidal and was fine on it until I kept getting off meds and then risperidal didn’t work on me for the last time but work three times before …do u think I could add risperidal back will help or risperdal won’t work if it didn’t work last time ???"
176000788,"Which is why I’m wanting more feedback from my professors. Translating and interpreting are founded by years of experience. If my professors continue to stay silent, I’m going to schedule a meeting with them. I basically had 0 interactions with my professors other than with a foreign professor from North America. Thankfully my English lit prof agreed to have a meeting with me tomorrow at 3pm."
176000789,I like warm colors and round objects on first one.But would like to see some portrait if you do it.Think that last season you do only abstract.
176000790,"Internet is a new invention after electricity made possible. As to how cities operate, maybe city mayors know best. Things like computers are man-made but radio waves are not. Internet is weird at times because it makes the keyboard mightier than the sword."
176000791,"I hate that feeling. Someone from my past I had erotomania with got married and they recently had a baby girl. It crushed me. I moved on but I wish I had something special with someone, I can’t even have kids."
176000792,"I also have 200mg pills here in Germany. I don’t feel any difference on them though It just relaxes me somewhat, like a paradox reaction. Might aswell enjoy coffee!"
176000793,I always giggle at _AT_MENTION_’s pictures…like she’s in the Witness Protection Program or something…with the big sunglasses.
176000794,"I’m not anywhere close yet, but I’m workin’ on it."
176000795,"But im forced to be with it, makes my life misreable"
174341872,"There was that well known 50’s movie ,“Schizophrenia is a many splendoured thing” ."
176000796,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000797,"Yeah you’re probably right, just looking for a quick solution to my problem. Even though I’ve had two episodes I’m still hoping that it’s not schizophrenia and that I’ll be able to be medication free at some point."
176000798,Does your family meet your practical needs? What do they do?
176000799,that tree is a giant i never saw one that big before those kids look like they really love that tree
176000800,"I feel stuck in my adolescence years due to sz starting at that age. Now I am 30. It stopped my development. I was very good in school etc Sz impacted everything in my life negatively. I wanted to be a Dr and had the grades but then got sz and ended up with a physiotherapy degree. But now I can’t work or volunteer at all staying in bed all day everyday. I miss my friends from high school, university and church."
174341862,I’ve been taking Zyprexa for over 20 years 10 mgs. I take it at night and usually it knocks me out within a couple hours. Zyprexa takes 6 hours from the time you take it to reach maximum effect. Then it slowly wares off for 6 hours. If you feel nauseous from it it might be a blood sugar problem. Zyprexa has been known to cause diabetes. Try and test your blood sugar after you take it or in the morning. I drink a lot of coffee to fight the sedative effects of my Zyprexa. I put a ton of sugar in my coffee. I’ve been told I’m borderline diabetic. I can’t take Zyprexa in the mornings I’ve tried. It just puts me back to sleep. I wake up in a fog from it every day. Coffee helps a lot. I’ve never gotten sick to my stomach from it though. It could be the abilify or the combination of the two? I’m just guessing. Zyprexa has been a good drug for me.
176000801,We’re you on meds
176000802,It’s like learning how to live again
176000803,"_PERSON_: if your always up and your a bi-polar type, it could be mania or you being “manic”. That’s a possibility. However, if your in a great mood, positive wise, it could be you recognizing “happy” as manic. I’m not sure what it means if your just “talkative”. If your just really “talkative”, I’m not sure if that’s manic."
176000804,"Er, what’s up doc?"
176000805,"First, confirm it is truly elevated by repeating the lab test and sending it to an endocrine reference lab. The best one is owned by LabCorp – called Esoterix in California. Second, perform an MRI with and without contrast of the brain and pituitary gland. Third, see a board-certified endocrinologist for possible treatment."
176000806,Achievements creatively are the human capital most crave for.
176000807,My friend put that in his vape lol
176000808,"Gabapentin/pregabalin, propranolol, SSRI and busparone. Of these am still on Prozac and pregabalin. Nb in the past have tried benzos but I don’t think this is even an option in the U.K. anymore. Moreover I get paradoxical agitation of diazepam - almost lost my ???? in the supermarket"
176000809,"Antipsychotics, antidepressants, sedatives all linked to memory, cognitive issues. Some effect more while some effect less. The reason is because they achieve the result by numbing the cognition."
176000810,"Either of these sound good if you feel they’re options. I could have been a data scientist by now if I’d been able to solely focus on building my career without the the setbacks I have had over the years. Those guys earn up to about £100k per year, which is a lot of money! I also used to love my data job, but the politics of working with other people drove me into the ground, and enough was enough"
176000811,It’s all right… I get it… it can be a lot sometimes. Very frustrating.so don’t worry
176000812,Thanks I really appreciate that. Don’t know how I’m going to do on my new medication and today was a really shitty day.
176000813,Cool. What’s it about? _AT_MENTION_
176000814,_PERSON_ true but I am crazy without them. I have no choice other than taking them.
176000815,"Yes, and they tell me constantly i should kill myself Sometimes i hurt myself because they stop when i do it"
174341869,"Despite my lack of positive and negative symptoms, I still suffer from incredible loneliness and isolation. I’m working through it with my therapist, but he has me pegged as having Schizoid Personality Disorder, and I’m not sure much can be done to change that. It’s who I am. Hate being around other people and prefer solitude above all else."
176000816,"I have family from Scotland that settled here in the 1700s. One opened a tavern and I think he pirated as well based on his nickname. Don’t know what ship they came on, though."
176000817,"_AT_MENTION_ Thank you for your support! He accepts the emails because he is compassionate and understanding! He knows I try very hard not to send them and he believes I send them because I need to. I am the one who is saying it is unhealthy. Whether or not I send one, I am still often thinking “I need to send an email. I don’t want to send an email. I can’t stop myself from sending an email. I have to get this thought out of me. I need help.”"
176000818,"When its just visits with my brother or sister, i enjoy the visit muchly. But family gatherings stress me out, usually skip those."
176000819,"Nothing more predatory in this country than companies that make huge sums of cash by screwing over the average _NAME_. Here’s something I could never figure out: auto insurance is mandatory - so why do I have to pay uninsured motorists fees? I get that not everyone keeps their insurance up to date, but with the words taken at face value, it makes zero sense and is a tautology. Also, I think auto insurance is a scam. That is all. Glad you’re still with us. Financial settlement or not, a broken neck could have made you into a quadriplegic. Sometimes being lucky is just enough when considering the circumstances. Be well!"
176000820,"I am trying to get back into an active mode. Consciously moving around more. For example i lied in bed all day, but in the late afternoon i compensated with a walk. I hope it will last forawhile. e83921c690434b88329c5f1d7955638b735×735 79 KB"
176000821,"I’m wondering whether this is a thing that affects people generally, or is something that affects people like us more ."
176000822,"What, exactly is CBD?"
176000823,"okay thanks hope so, still paranoid though."
174341873,200 monthly is less than 10mg per day
174341868,Me too. I couldn’t find it. I found a study in which 15 people of 1734 had the problem after a year but it didn’t say if that represents the population at large
176000824,Yes may be you have psychotic depression.
176000825,Yes they are! But promised someone I would.
176000826,"CBT doesn’t really make delusions go away. It just teaches you ways to cope when they pop up. It’s behavioral therapy, it teaches you to control your behavior. That’s all. The urges and impulses are still there. Only medication makes those disappear."
176000827,"i have a pathetic sex life. i’m 38 and have very little experience sexually. i was too religious to sleep around when i was younger. then i went through a phase of sleeping with women who were receptive… i had sex with six women in that phase. but i never had a lot of sex even during that time. i became psychotic during that phase. i’ve never had a girlfriend even though it’d be nice, though i dated a lot when i was younger. sometimes i wish i would have slept around more when i was younger so i had the experience… but i think it’d have been better to find someone compatible and marry them and have lots of sex with them. finding someone compatible is a like finding gold. i was too preoccupied with school when i was younger to have much of a love life."
176000828,I feel this. 15
176000829,No _AT_MENTION_ . I’m having a tough time falling and staying asleep
176000830,Can you increase your Lamictal dose and stay on only one mood stabilizer? I am on 100 mg Lamictal but I have been as high as 300. I think Lamictal works really well.
174341875,I was diagnosed schizoaffective and then sxhizoaffective bi polar type and then when I was hospitalized a year and a half ago it changed to bi polar I dunno I hear voices and am obnoxious and hostile off meds and but I don’t need a mood stabilizer. I take 10 mg haldol and my mood is fine. I have delusions of persecution and delusions of grandeur I don’t think the diagnosis matters I’m a lunatic off meds and I take my meds and I’m fine and a really nice guy when stable. I’m extremely charismatic and charming off meds and I could convince doctors of the craziest stuff and they believe it for some reason. I always thought I had severe histrionic personality disorder mixed with psychosis but like I said diagnosis doesn’t matter.
176000831,"When I die I don’t want to be remembered for my diseases, but for what I accomplished in my life, and my contribution to my community. There are thousands of people who have died from various diseases who made the world a better place. You have an opportunity just like everyone else, to do something with your life."
176000832,I?m sleeping well. Almost 2 weeks. I gotta sprout my own broccoli.
176000833,"Sounds like police lingo: ‘Be advised, we have a possible 429 in progress, paranoid without reason.’"
176000834,"_PERSON_ is a good read, his analyses of the defence mechanisms is still valid. His theory about sexual suppression and the point about Oedipus - that al of us men want to kill our fathers and sleep with our mothers is as strange and far fetched it’s more of a fiction than a valid scientific theory."
176000835,You are not going to die _AT_MENTION_ I promise. It’s all a delusion. Have you talked to your doctor?
174341878,You can blame the meds for the weight gain
174341874,yes…me. what’s a perfect description. I feel bored and overall dissatified with myself.
176000836,"Since I have been doing more I shower more…still not as often as I would like, but at least twice a week…that’s better than when I would go a couple weeks…just whore rag bath and skip showers…not good !"
176000837,"I don’t know why, I guess it’s the way I look, am I curvaceous, or very very good looking maybe. I don’t have anything against different races too, also people inserting thoughts."
176000838,I think it has to do with apathy and lack of empathy.
176000839,"PSR today, there is snow on the ground and it’s freezing balls I’m tired as ???? but I can’t stay home"
176000840,"I was very smart not genius but very bright but i had been depressed and anxious since about 11/12. I had an odd personality and a good sense of humour i was the weird one but always had a few friends and was fairly social i did well in science and maths but loved art which i was never too good at i listened to music 24/7 and daydreamed alot. As i started getting close to the end of highschool i was very scared because i didnt know what i wanted to do next this pain was somewhat eased when i discovered weed and began smoking quite heavily i left school and did nothing but hang with friends for 2 years then my dad got me a job where he worked, i hated it but they paid me to be there it lasted 9 months before i just stopped going. Was very depressed at this point and my friends were all working and never had time for me and to be honest i didnt want to spend much time out the house, weed become more problematic and this eventually led to my first episode psychosis."
176000841,I’m not a racist it’s true there are articles
176000842,I want some movies and maybe go to a police auction and find a nice 500 dollar car to get me around
176000843,does it bother you a lot? I got used to it i think. It still is annoying at times where i feel really restless but mostly i’m just moving these days and it is ok to me… just the times where i get that nagging feeling it is annoying me.
176000844,I’m proud of you for calling them out on their bs.
176000845,Do you voluntarily go to hospital when that happens? Or do people see you not acting right and just force you to go?
176000847,"I’m not dead yet, thank God. All in good time."
174341884,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_ not that worried about weight gain, _AT_MENTION_, im one of those who don’t gain weight on ap’s."
176000848,_AT_MENTION_ it would have been cool if you’d remembered
176000849,I took trazadone but unlike most people the effects didn’t stay the same I started to have side effects such as vomiting and nausea plus it did not make me sleep l
176000850,"Yes, I saw it tonight."
176000851,I’m glad you’re seeing the dr today.
176000852,Haven’t relapsed yet but I’ve been up all night
174341888,Hey _USER_ID_ still on abilify and gambling friend
176000853,"I’m reluctant to offer any personal advice as I haven’t worked ,and thus know very little about work dynamics.Your question is a good one though._AT_MENTION_ works and thus would be a better person from whom to get feedback as to how to handle such a situation."
176000854,That is a pretty rude comment.
176000855,"I have the same problem getting my pdoc or primary care doctor to prescribe Sudafed. I like to have lots on hand because I used to get nasal congestion all the time, especially in the winter."
176000856,"I’m afraid of psychosis, but I’m even more afraid of a living death."
176000857,Is there research to back that up?
176000858,Lucky you! Felt nothing on 50mg. So I switched to chlorprotixene.
174341882,I think severe negative symptoms should be classified under catatonia. APs can worsen catatonia due lowering dopamine effects.
176000859,You’re only supposed to have one account.
176000860,We are probably going to cancel our cleaning service. I don’t want strangers entering my house.
176000861,I always have phantom smells. It’s not a warning sign for me. But I don’t know about you.
176000862,What do you think _AT_MENTION_ ? You always have good rationalizing skills.
176000863,"Yes, we tend to be a lot of words and not a lot of action."
176000864,Whats going on>
176000865,I am still infatuated with Latuda
176000866,It has come to light that I cannot have 7 out of 13 of the next fridays off due to someone else having holiday. The whole point was I had those days to attend group again and rest for three days. I might quit. I have been lied to
176000867,"I usually get fired from jobs too. Or I’ll quit, because I get really paranoid thinking my manager doesn’t like me."
176000868,I’m so glad you found such a good guy. My husband is like that too. It helps so much!
176000869,"I have used all rx sleeping pills, only my 1mg of xanax a night makes me sleep for even.2 hours at a time. Even on Zyprexa I didn’t sleep that was 40mgs, seroquel 900mg, no sleep. I’d be tired, but like too tired to sleep, so I’d nod off driving sometimes. Not good for rural SD where I was living. I quit that ????. It didn’t help with my symptoms anyway for sz, so was a waste. I tried CBD oil, didn’t help either, and was expensive as all hell. Never been a drug user ever either. I’ve had shitty sleep all my life, so was a drinker in high school. I will in my desperate state if being over 5 days of no sleep I’ll have a cocktail. But, know yourself, no your best practices."
176000870,_AT_MENTION_ I’m on 1.5 mg
176000871,I highly doubt it
176000872,Are you learning Arabic?
176000873,Just dont think about happiness and you will be happy.
176000874,If you have had psychotic symptoms I would stay well away from weed. Not gonna help you. It will make you more unwell.
176000875,"When you exclude other people, we’re all still real, don’t forget"
176000876,"Heya leaf! Enjoy your sub. Having pasta tonight, waiting on delivery too. Brown butter and cheese, salad and garlic bread. Yum. Hope all is well!"
176000877,"I do. When my voices are depressed, I say they can go and kill themselves. They say the same to me."
174341885,I drink Pepsi Max which has a bit of caffeine. Schizophrenia is a brain disease/brain disorder though so the symptoms may only be gone for now. Good luck though!
174341881,My wife’s theory on how I got schizophrenia was from the malaria pills I took in Iraq. I don’t think so though.
176000878,Well done for trying! At least you got out and did something constructive. I have problems shopping in the local Iceland here - cos i think they are watching me incase im shoplifting. So i gave up and usually do the bulk of my shopping ordered online. I have a corner shop 600 yards from my door - so i go down there for perishables such as milk and eggs. Its the crowds and the jostling i cant stand - and the “tutting” by other customers cos im not packing fast enough
176000879,"ah ok you won’t have to do anything then, cause she won’t try to kill you."
176000880,People are real enough for sure. It’s not a simulation.
176000881,Since being home during the covid lockdown I have lost 21 lbs
174341889,"I heard that Geodon was very effective for negative symptoms for some people. But don’t take my advice, ask your family doctor!"
176000882,"I never had creativity, sz didn’t change a thing for me."
176000883,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000884,I’m sorry you’re dealing with pain and being told to shut up. I’ve had the same experience before twice. It really sucks.
176000885,This is exactly how I feel there is no words to describe it and no one understands how it feels to have this all going on in your head 24/7
176000886,"Hmm. Are You Saying if I Hear My Friend All The Time I’m Hallucinating (???)…, Like All The Time (???)…, Like I’m Out of My Mind…, ALL OF THE TIME (???)…, Oh No!. I’m So Scared. (Sarcasm)… . …"
176000887,Both pictures are beautiful I love them !!!
176000888,"I really admire these two buddies that died young. The first from suicide, the second from murder"
176000889,My piglet better watch himself tomorrow
176000890,I suppose it happens to everyone. I’ve heard that it does.
176000891,I have a person from my group after me this morning and the worse might be happening. And I don’t want* to see these things and wish for privacy. Where can my friend and I be safe? I don’t want the police of all people after me but wish for their help.
176000892,yea mass effect trilogy looks nice.i played the ???? out of the 360 version.
174341891,"I already do high D3 dosing, it’s a prudent precaution against COVID."
176000893,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000894,I’m several weeks behind on uni and I have a benefits form to fill in all added to the daily struggles.
176000895,What did you start doing differently to become stable?
176000896,An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
176000897,Gabapentin is anti anxiety. Never heard of it as a mood stabilizer
174341892,The DSM V could help for decoding voices.
176000898,Ein bisschen—nicht ser gut.
176000899,"I actually thought of writing a book, sci fi. Where there aliens collected different species for a kinky sex club."
176000900,"I take shots and pills both, but I prefer the shots honestly."
176000901,_NAME_’s Ganhi’s Truth. It’s a bit deep for me but I’m working on it.
176000902,"My family, my dogs, and a never ending delusion that if I kill myself in a violent manner, and don’t follow my life’s plan I will forever be stuck in an artificial world that I can’t prove is real. No life, no release."
176000903,"Maybe you’ll live long, though. Be prepared for that. The more you let yourself think about death, the lower your will to live!!!"
176000904,That takes me to a calm place thahk you for sharing that
176000905,"I never wanted to kill anyone but I understand.Three years ago I was very angry at one of my co-worker,or manager.I remember I was so angry that I showed it,I normally don’t showed my anger.I pointed middle finger straight at him and thrown a paper with file in front of him to show my anger.I never did that many years working with him somehow"
176000906,"I don’t have voices, but I get very loud and very intrusive thoughts."
176000907,Lucky for you. My sister abandoned me when we were teens. God knows what she’s doing now.
176000908,"Every area needs a town square where people just go when they feel like socializing. I think they used to have something like that in the long long ago, the before times, when electricity wasn’t around."
176000909,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174341896,"The psych hospital can make or break you. No electronics, or shoe laces There are no familiar faces Other patients have the same symptoms as one another The nurse said it was reality, and it was hard to trust her With a “you better stop talking like that or you wont be discharged” I didn’t want my future to be scarred. She asked again “if I told you, you were in a dream what would you say” I reply with “reality and the truth outweighs.” The safe place, and locked unit where everyone had to work on their mental health, Where the topic was not about wealth? But sanity and getting better? What you would do outside of here? To make a difference in life Dealing with the stressors that brought you in Saying don’t let schizophrenia win!"
176000910,I think it’s just something sensitive people experiencing psychosis sometimes go through. I had this delusion when I was unmedicated a few years ago.
176000911,Ever dealt with memory loss? I can’t get my words to follow through. I’m forgetful about things. I think fluphenazine did it. Ruined my memory.
176000912,I talk with my doctor next week. I’m afraid he’ll tell me to get checked for a UTi. Which I don’t have.
176000913,My family and boyfriend.
176000914,"Many. Once a black woman from Africa performed supernatural brain surgery on me, when I used to smoke. And I felt a lot better."
176000915,"Like maybe you feel empathic towards others when necessary, there’s nothing wrong with being aloof as long as no one is hurt in the process, or atleast that’s my opinion"
176000916,alright thanks guys for the advice i definitely follow them.
176000917,10 years is a looong time to be sick! I’m so sorry you went through that! I hope you don’t experience it again!
176000918,This is a positive thing. I’m happy for you!
176000919,"Well, I moved from Germany to WestAustralia and still got sz. Wherever you go, you take yourself with you."
176000920,"I never heard of meds, are they aps?"
176000921,"ok, I was wondering…"
176000922,_PERSON_ you should take that video down for your sake !!! It could go viral !!!
176000923,"I can relate to this in a ton of peripheral ways. I’ll put it this way, I’m someone who knows what the word dysmorphic means. _NAME_ came out with a quote recently, he said “You can kiss yourself in the mirror, but only on the lips.” I don’t know if hearing that jogs anything loose. Another thing is Arcade Fire’s song “Reflektor” personally I don’t find it triggering bc I know the topics at hand are being romanticized and plus it’s happening to someone else. I have a deeper more personal aspect about this that might relate but it’s kind of tragic/depressing and I don’t want to go there necessarily…"
176000924,"Cognitive behavioral therapy has been proven to be as effective long term as AD’s. Personally I’ve found that a combination of both is the best for me. Therapy, especially CBT, teaches some amazing coping tools and I recommend anyone struggling with depression or anxiety to give it a try."
176000925,"You shouldn’t hate yourself. Those people are ignorant bigots and hate people. Don’t let them make you like them. You have a physical illness, no less worthy of proper treatment and protection, than cancer. Ignorant people don’t know enough about things and choose to discriminate. I really feel they’re being dishonest because of greed."
174341894,I never believe I am ill when unmedicated. While medicated I am very aware of my illness.
176000926,Like…I would have immediate flashbacks. And flood of horrible memories. I think it’s best for me to keep distance from them for now. I just feel so scared among others.
176000927,"You are not alone, you can’t even imagine all the weird and terrifying experiences that other schizophrenics had, but in the end they have always been proved wrong."
174341898,"Exactly the same here. I passed the Actuarial Exams though. You cannot, like me, initiate focus. I could focus with Adrenaline (fear of failure). I also thought I had ADHD. Don’t take the stimulant because it destroyed seven years of my life. I had esoteric experiences for 3 years and was on Clozapine for four years. When I recently found the right combination, I can focus for hours. It was childhood Depression. The symptoms are benign in terms of mood but there is a technical glitch."
176000928,Um. Your pills might not be working anymore?
176000929,That sounds like a lot of great stuff. Be gentle with yourself.
176000930,All I can suggest is maybe to have the medication in a visible place where you most commonly reside.
176000931,I think they are just dead Tbh. Maybe we carry things from them via genetics
174341897,I have not had a psychotic episode in a decade. And had only one. He said that’s not enough to say I have schizophrenia.
174341905,Some doctors consider bipolar being integral part of schizophrenia. At least they aren’t trying to completely distinguish them as complete two separate entities. While I’ve managed to get psychosis under control. I often find myself cycle between negatives and mania. It has been like this as long as I remember.
176000932,One thing that ruins the poop is knowing you have to wipe afterwards I hate wiping
176000933,I’m having a pretty crap day myself and it’s just begun. Hopefully the day will turn around for both of us.
176000934,I use to believe other people could read my mind when I was in psychosis. It just isn’t true. I no longer believe in it.
176000935,Should I try to increase my clozapine dose and change Abilify injection interval to every 4 weeks instead of 3? With doctor’s approval of course
174341902,"Psychiatry Advisor – 13 Dec 19 _NAME_-Analysis Finds No Clear Link Between Schizophrenia and Lung Cancer -... Prior research has demonstrated a link between schizophrenia and risk factors for lung cancer, particularly smoking, obesity, physical inactivity, and metabolic disorders."
176000936,I fought my diagnosis of sz. They changed my diagnosis regularly to all corners of the dsm and i never really believed they knew what they were doing. I dont believe in sz. I now have a diagnosis of complex ptsd with psychosis/premenstrual psychotic depression.
176000937,"We’re just squishy water sacs with bones in them, and we can talk. The rest is whatever you make of it. I used to think and analyze a lot earlier in the disorder but now I try and keep things simple."
174341899,here are some videos giving background info about schizophrenia. these are similar to those ‘living with schizophrenia’ videos i just posted about. https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=howcast+schizophrenia
176000938,"Yeah, I think it has to do with losing weight because everything else is normal"
176000939,"I just don’t understand many worlds theory. I thought every time one travels, a new world line splits off. Some people like _NAME_ say its the same timeline or they figured out a way to travel on the same timeline. I mever figured it out. Not smart enough. No clue."
176000940,Well done mate I have 4 years clean and it’s the best desiscion I ever made
176000941,"Full blown mania can definitely make a person as strong as an ox. It always did me. And yes, yoga and meditation are both great for stabilizing moods. I’ve done both regularly for the last 5 years and it’s done me a lot of good."
176000942,Good luck with everything _AT_MENTION_ .
176000943,Call your psychiayrist.
176000944,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
176000945,I’m so sorry _AT_MENTION_ I’ll be holding good thoughts that you get to go back in and you get to see your grandma again. hugs.
176000946,I hit the flag button sometimes accidentally. Fat fingers on the iPhone. Apologies in advance.
176000947,"In what way did you not trust men enough? For me it has become a matter of fear that a man would not willingly want to be with me for the rest of my life anyway. And worse still, in terms of stress and fear, end up with someone I know instead. A fear of being used maybe unintentionally, sexually and emotionally as a stepping stone. Sex is precious to me and so I could not cope with that idea. So I just decide to have no partner. The man may not ever do that, but I fear it due to my belief that I’m maybe sexually and emotionally not as fulfilling compared to others for the guy. It’s like I’m either the best for him and I know it, or it is a flat out no thanks. Sorry for rant Guy of course has the freedom to do as he chooses and so do I to give up on partnership."
176000948,I also move my hands in a dramatic fashion sometime when speaking with others to come across more intelligible
176000949,"_AT_MENTION_ , Is a fist the size your portion should be, or the size your whole meal should be?"
176000950,"I get my injection in a week too. Faint voices aren’t too bad, don’t feed into it. You’ll get stable again. I will as well. _USER_ID_. Can’t take it. Don’t stop exercising, it’s good"
176000951,"I’ll hopefully be volunteering soon as i’m getting passed on to a local helper group to team up with them, i hope my anxiety doesnt get the better of me bc i really want to help"
176000952,"It is a very good medication. I am on 10 mgrs, no depression problems with it"
176000954,The Who~Agains The Who~Agains Sir _PERSON_ The White _PERSON_ with a _PERSON_ Diet Cares about us with The Who~Agains Bringing ~Mad~Pride~ i n Honor of The Moonlight
176000955,I can’t say it enough. You have amazing skills.
176000956,Sometimes my room looks like a bomb went off. Then I do the 10 second tidy
176000957,I’ve had the same community nurse 6 years and and they will not discharge me. I’m under LD team and if you have needs they don’t discharge you unlike mental health. My community nurse wrote me a great report fro PIP. We wrote it together as I have had some paranoia about serect folders. I got PIP without attending medical. High for both.
174341911,Its due to dopamine dysfunction. Things which improve dopamine function can improve these too. Parkinson disease share many of the symptoms listed in this. Parkinson disease is due to progressive loss of dopamine producing neurons. In this regards things which are useful for PD can also be found useful for reducing negative symptoms.
176000958,"get help ASAP, go to your nearest ER. You’ll be thanking yourself that you did when things are said and done. Right now your in a crisis"
176000959,I dont really eat breakfast !!
176000960,Yes i do fifteen
176000961,"No one perfect thats right, we just have be understanding of people thats all."
176000962,"The foot specialist came today. She does a good job on my feet, but she speaks to me in an exaggerated manner as though I’m a bit simple ."
176000963,oh thats great.
176000964,"To overcome is: people trying to run my life, by portraying me, as themselves. I have yet to do it. One liar, harassing me, can’t comprehend anything and thinks I said: they were portraying themselves as me. It’s actually true, too. They do try to portray themselves as me, but they portray me as them."
176000965,"I work sales,but I work for my family…I got paid well as my father and mother said.The thing is I spent on vaping/gaming which I should really cut back total on gaming and just spend a little on vaping since vaping is more necessary to me then gaming"
174341917,Best of wishes on taking it. I did not get past week one.
176000966,"I have bad daddy issues. I blew up on him during one of my episodes so violently I injured something vital in my brain. When I flare up I get really uncomfortable around him still. This translates towards other men in general even. I mean, I forgive him I guess, but there’s some deep subconscious mess going on. I’m still sure everyone is likable, or at least understandable, if you know them well enough. Might be idealism though."
176000967,No don’t trust it… you should be the one convincing it
176000968,I am what I am. What are you ? _AT_MENTION_
176000969,"Today I was cleaning the exersise machines in the gym about half an hour before I got off (work). The general or _NAME_ or whatever he is was on a treadmill. I was dead tired, just exhausted. I admit I was so tired and have so much sh’t on my mind from stuff going on in my life and I was so tired that maybe my composure was not all that it should have been. But I wasn’t bugging anyone, I just wanted to be left alone for the last twenty minutes and be alone with my thoughts. The guy is cool but he just had to start some subtle sh’t with me, attracting attention and distracting me, looking at me when I didn’t feel like being looked at. Their favorite trick when you make them nervous is to suddenly speed up on the treadmill and it makes more noise and for some reason it is really annoying. The selfish bas*ard. So the games began and I was staring at him til I scared him and he was doing his power trip. I just wanted to be alone but I won! I made him so nervous and he was picking on my weakness 
and me on his til he begrudgingly gave up. And I friggen won with no confidence! Man, it felt good. I still like him but I tought him a lesson, and I learned something."
176000970,"My flight is only 1hr. and a half but I am scared I might get lost or my mom will not be able to find me when I arrive, how does one find their gate or board a plane and what info. does one give family where they pick you up?"
176000971,For Vancouver BC folk: https://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/covid-19-city-of-vancouver-suspending-non-essential-services/
176000972,5 pills in the morning 3 pills at night I’m as compliant as I can be
176000973,‘I Can’t Go Anywhere Without Someone Judging Me’~ _NAME_ Spliced Britain-Knee (_PERSON_) Spliced
176000974,How long you been on the innection
176000975,"Another time I escaped by Taxi from the mental ward on a smoke break. The _PERSON_ drove to Parliament Hill. I had several items to give to our Prime Minister. A gift card full of hearts for our veterans. A special key that a female patient gave me, for women’s rights An orange with UNICEF written on it in black marker. I felt that nothing rhymes with orange…that every child is unique. I had other items too but I forget what they were. The Policeman at Security on The Hill told me he couldn’t accept my gifts on behalf of our Prime Minister and told me to go home. In hindsight, I’m lucky he didn’t shoot me as i approached him walking quickly while unzipping my coat. Phew!"
176000976,image1280×883 259 KB
176000977,"I never had voices, circle… But I have thought deficits yeap. My illness is a bit different from what you have. I was always down since kid… But I also have paranoia. Nope, it’s the zyprexa who kills a bit my thinking too. But I need this med. But try to believe that I do my best to be active. I clean my house, I take care of myself and now I go out every day. I said it already, I’ll continue fighting hard! But the aps are known for slowing down the thinking, I don’t invent anything… Maybe I’ll feel less this side efekt once my brain is more awaken and healthy. My mom doesn’t let me to have a pet cause it’s still not sure ill be able to take care of it every day. But believe me, I started to do other things already. Its just that it will take time after being so ill since kid…"
176000978,I just found about HBOMAX you can watch cinema movies just for 15 dollars a month what omg thats awesome plus other movies and tv shows without additional cost. I save so much money. I dont have to pay for expensive popcorn or soda anymore. Mortal Kombat is so sick and good.
176000979,"My attempts to not believe what others insist are ‘delusions’ keep getting met with the things I’d call hard proof that I’m more right than them. Problem is, what good is the proof, when those that caused it, want it not to be known to all? So, here I sit, thinking one thing, and speaking nothing, for the good of me (and my things.)"
176000980,I see that Ritalin dosage goes up to 100mg with the extended release version.
176000981,Yes. I want to hurt children. I’m working on imagining a guardian angel watching over me when I have to be alone with a child. Just to keep my conscience in the clear.
176000982,thats a nice big ass there
176000983,"Yes antipsychotics, when you quit antipsychotics cold turkey then your brain is extra sensitive and a relapse is possible if you do quit you gotta do it over years"
176000984,"According to my “delusional” half, other people don’t exist except as manifestations of myself -a qualified form of solipsism. If I die, the universe I co-created with the devil will also die, which clearly hasn’t happened. Therefore no one (no manifestation of myself) could have possibly ever died. Only that the devil would have us thinking so. There is a whole tradition of Jesus not having died on the cross, a fitting metaphor for this tentative hypothesis."
176000985,"_AT_MENTION_, paranoia is hell to live with, I know. I lived with almost constant paranoia for 33 years. My goes out to you _AT_MENTION_. Just know that you are in my daily prayers."
176000986,"Well I am waiting to talk to my doctor about it but I have not seen him in over a year. I was ill for a long time, for about 10 years I was quite far gone. But I challenged my beliefs and it would take a lot for me to believe in things like that again. As for stress I have felt quite ok recently."
176000987,Sounds like you really made a difference. That’s what having a job you enjoy is all about. So happy for you
174341913,"I haven’t talked wit my pdoc, but im going back to 10 mg abilify and skipping 200 mg amisulpride instantly. It did nothing to alleviate my negative symptoms, just made me drowsy and depressed with a lot of suicide thoughts. According to the main book about schizotypy, negative schizotypy is characterized with a lack of dopamine leading to anhedonia, depression, substance abuse etc. (i’ve got it all) 200 mg of amisulpride should increase dopamine presynaptic, but it did nothing for me compared with abilify. Just hating my schizotypic condition right now."
174341918,"From what I saw in patients at the hospital i did my clinical at, they tended to have a lot of hostility towards staff for not seeming to care or listen. It was sad to me."
176000988,"at a nursing home. I talked with one lady. She recommended several classic movies for me to watch. I am very excited to watch them: Giant, with Rock _NAME_; Imitation of Life, with _NAME_; Saratoga Trunk, with _NAME_; With a Song in My Heart, with _NAME_; Last Train from Gung Hill, with _NAME_; The Yearling, with _NAME_; King of Kings, with _NAME_ Hunter; and Jesus of Nazareth, with _NAME_. I talked with one man again. He speaks only Spanish. I am very hard of hearing and even though I wear double hearing aids, I still have a hard time understanding this man when he talks. It’s part my unfamiliarity with the Spanish language, part my bad hearing, and part his garbled speech. So, I am having a heck of a time. But, he understands my Spanish really well. I was able to increase the volume on his Spanish channel television so he could hear it. I was also able to turn up the temperature in his room as it was freezing in there. I was also able to put his call light within his reach. Some seminarians cam
e in the room, when I was there, and I asked this man if he wanted to receive and he said no. Of course, I didn’t ask the question right. My mistake. I told him that I would be back next week and he took my hand and said, Gracias."
174341915,I stopped taking it as there seems to be some interaction between beta alanine and broccoli sprout extract. And I’d prefer to take beta alanine. Good luck with it.
176000989,Does any one listen to the commands the voices tell you to do?
176000990,Why do men drink?? Cuz they’re all a buncha alcoholics!!! Every single one of em!! And f em!!!
174341924,"I’m working to find similarities that other people without schizophrenia experience on a daily basis in order to take away some of the self-_USER_ID_. So, a lot of us have negative symptoms. However, people with autoimmune diseases (e.g. lupus) as well as number of chronic illnesses suffer from a condition called “brain fog”. It’s when you can’t think clearly (cognitive symptoms), have trouble remembering, and can’t piece together thoughts. People with brain fog may also feel a lot of tiredness and fatigue. I was wondering what a “brain fog” is when my chronic illness friends talked about it on Instagram. There are so many people talking about brain fog in the chronic illness community and they hate it. It’s not a rare population of chronic illness sufferers, but it’s actually a lot of people- probably a majority of people with physical chronic illness. It also made me realize that my struggles are just coming from the brain, like any other organ that isn’t working well. If yo
u want to read more about it, here’s a link: Healthline Brain Fog: 6 Potential Causes Brain fog is a symptom of another medical condition. It’s involves memory problems, a lack of mental clarity, and an inability to focus. Here are six possible causes of brain fog including hormonal changes, lack of sleep, and stress. Read on to see..."
176000991,The right med and right dosage worked for me. I thought Jesus was gay when I was unmedicated.
176000992,My friend plays dnd. I wonder if you know him
176000993,This topic was automatically closed 90 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176000994,"I find that I don’t go very often but I’m not super dooper constipated more than my normal. Milk of magnesia is a good choice in my opinion to solve the issue fast. Are you getting enough veggies and fruits? Are you drinking enough water? I read something that said the longer a bm stays in your rectum the more water is absorbed from it thereby causing constipation if held too long, so if you don’t have enough bulk to move it that might be why you are constipating. Try some metamucil to bulk out your bowel movements."
174341914,I was suicidal the spring of 2019 when I was on Risperidone. My pdoc put me on a antidepressant and I got better. I’m not taking a AD now and am doing fine.
176000995,"My psychiatrist told me that I don’t have depression, at least not yet. I would say 90% of my time I am not depressed. Its short lived and not severe. I think its the sz causing this as I stay in bed 90% of my time. I wonder if, with time and after my parents die after about 10 years and I will be living alone, I will develop clinical depression. I think I have depression rarely so its not clinical."
176000996,It’s a great sports…
176000997,_AT_MENTION_-Cotton This has been covered and sorry your not learning from your behavior. Have 24 hours off and please review what you are trying to achieve. I’m sorry your suffering but many are trying to help you. Please listen and learn.
176000998,"I have a feeling I’m slower than most. Picking up on subtle hints and clues but it’s only my fourth day part time working. I never touched or learned about tools or mechanics or electricity. Hell, I have more energy than my step-dad and co-worker lol. I don’t know what a circuit is or anything about wires basically. Anyways, I plan on doing the ticket to work program or stay on SSI and work but will call social security tomorrow. I feel blessed. My step-dad is an EE and has a company but it’s not doing well and it’s only him really. So I will ask him eventually after a while to be an electrician apprentice some day lol. It’s 5 years long and I just thought of this. I could do industrial, commercial, or even residential. After I do this for a while, I can afford school perhaps and feel less paranoid and sick and get my EE or CE degree and be an engineer and start my own company some day…as a contractor. I just have a feeling I’m really slow and behind my peers for my age. But schizop
hrenia does that ???? to people. Ruins their lives. I have a lot of family members or did that worked with electricity. It’s a family thing, I guess lol. Not sure why I choose math maybe because it seemed easy and harder and more lucrative. I regret it though. My head feels foggy and cloudy like there’s either nothing there (empty) or the fuel has been expended lol."
176000999,Yes thanks _AT_MENTION_!
176001000,I did yesterday waiting for the results now. Yeah the anxiety and liver is making me sick to my stomach
176001001,It’s the aliens that gave us a phone. So we can mastrubate and they steal our sexual energy. The are ??????? perverts.
176001002,"Hm, idk it is hard for me to tell since I wasn’t there. What makes him think you were psychotic? In September. Maybe because you were drunk, you can’t remember it all, but the pdoc can?"
176001003,I read somewhere and I was told that immunized people in China are getting reinfected after surviving an infection just like Ebola. That’s bad!
176001004,I get you I suffer as well as I can no longer do my art which was something that I was very passionate about. Have no motivation for anything else either
176001005,"Definitely you can be a psychiatrist! In fact most psychiatrists and therapists have their own problems and their own psychiatrists and therapists that they see on a regular basis. Just like doctors go see other doctors for their health problems. You managed to finish med school and 2 years more than that, you just have a little more studying and you should be able to practice. Well done!"
176001006,We used to call that a hooker bath lol
174341932,Thank you. I am sorry for that. I did not know that people here were upset. I am very sorry.
176001007,I like music that’s genuine and well done. I don’t consider mumble rap or most pop songs genuine nor well done.
174341925,"No I took Abilify for 9 years and slowly developped hypersexuality, promiscuity, gambling shopping weed alcohol eating addictions. I stopped Abilify last year. I wasn’t on this forum while on Abilify, I had many friends in real life. I was normal, I didn’t even feel the schizophrenia."
176001008,I was on 1.5mg of Vraylar and it was not enough to control my psychosis. I ended up going to the hospital involuntarily.
176001009,Did it significantly reduce your memory and ability to think clearly until you were off of it? Did it make you lethargic?
176001010,That’s what it takes for something to be valid? That’s a recipe for disaster… If that were the case we only need to readjust the meaning of dictatorship to mean something positive and ‘widely accept it’ so as to validate its new meaning? By all means…
176001011,"I can relate. I had a insomnia period where I was very weak and ill. Looking back it’s almost a miracle that I got through it. The key for me was to get good sleep, and also start excersising and going for walks when I started feeling better. I still feel like that insomnia period was like burning the candle in both ends when it came to my health. Maybe I won’t live to get very old, or maybe I get lucky and somehow recover…"
176001012,"If there’s a math problem or logic problem that starts to get complex and I have to follow it too closely I just opt out, I’m very mentally lazy. Or maybe I’m dumb, hmmm. Or both. Dumb and lazy."
176001013,"badges are just a bit of fun, i wouldnt think about it too much, just do what you got to do"
176001014,Let your doctor know you can’t sleep because you think the aliens will get you in the night. They might review your medication so you can get better sleep. Sleep is very important for people like us.
176001015,I get this all the time anyone else?
176001016,"Hmm. . . SoO0…, What Was Your Next Spiritualist’s Step In The Mirror’s Eye Of Pure Revolutionary Mirror Reflection?. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
176001017,Yeah I guess if that makes someone uncomfortable they should definitely hide that info. I guess that’s why it’s an option. I just get worried when I haven’t seen people in awhile and sometimes I’ll think to check if they’re still around.
174341923,"I took Zyban, its called Wellbutrin here. It didn’t help with negative symptoms so I stopped it. Its an antideperessant that also blocks nicotine to help stop smoking. Why do you want to take it?"
176001018,I don’t pay a dime. She accepts my insurance. But I don’t like the fact that she shaved off some time even it it was only 5 minutes. It almost seemed as she quit early because she felt uncomfortable. A lot of therapists don’t want to deal with psychotic clients. I’ll find out more about her this week.
176001019,"I’m reading a book about practising mindful sex. Basically you try to have no fantasy, no emotion, just awareness of the act itself. Apparently this is the way to true love."
176001020,It’s not just mood. I think it’s about having less akathisia or anxiety which causes less of the broadcasting
176001021,"No, the opposite."
176001022,I google and a few are missing
176001023,Your down to earth like me…and your very honest which is a great trait to have
176001024,"ScienceDaily Overcoming the blood-brain-barrier: Delivering therapeutics to the brain For the first time, scientists have identified a simple way that can effectively transport medication into the brain - which could lead to improved treatments for neurological and neurodegenerative diseases. “Our breakthrough allows for minimally invasive combination delivery through an intravenous injection of various drugs, peptides and nucleic acid therapeutics to the brain.” At present, treatment of neurological disorders involves difficulties in ‘packaging’ viruses safely and medication is usually administered by injection into the cerebrospinal fluid, which is not without risks. The new technological breakthrough in delivering genetic materials to cells in the brain has used a peptide component from a virus that targets the brain (a bacteriophage fd). The peptide was synthesised and modified slightly, and when water was added it spontaneously formed a ‘small, hairy particle’. Scientists found tha
t when the developed particle was injected into a mouse model, the system targeted the brain, crossing the blood-brain-barrier, reaching neurons and microglia cells in the brain. Professor _PERSON_ added: ""We are very excited by our research – our delivery system is versatile and amenable to modifications, so, in principle, we can hopefully address shortfalls in drug delivery to the brain through intravenous injection. “We have a long way to go, but we hope that our technology platform may open up many opportunities to address neurodegenerative diseases with modern therapeutics and genetic drugs.”"
176001025,I’m with you on the pants being too tight! gonna be trying low carb intermittent fasting!
176001026,"Those are delusions. Nobody can read your mind, and nobody has a camera behind your mirror. Nobody wants to spend their energy messing with you. It sounds like you need to contact your doctor or nurse and discuss your paranoia"
176001027,"You’re in a very dangerous state of mind. If you feel the impulse to kill yourself again, call the suicide hotline. They will get you to the emergency room, from where you will be taken to a place to receive treatment. I’ve had a lot of suicidal ideation. Sometimes a change in your environment can help that. I’ve made attempts. One time I took 4500 mg of Trazodone. Apparently I am immune to any amount of Trazodone. I’ve had the car running in the garage too. The radiator hose broke. Sometimes different places and different people can ease you out of a suicidal frame of mind. You can always find people who will listen here."
176001028,Thank you for your input. Does anybody else have good or bad experience with cariprazine?
176001029,"Thank you _PERSON_ I am not a _PERSON_ fan at all. Thank you for your last paragraph especially. Yes. [quote=“Vasu_Devan1, post:16, topic:160399”] Both love and fear need each other. Each only has meaning with the the existence and knowledge of the other. [/quote] Yes! Thank you. But on the other hand… I am not into choice. It seems to me that my “choices” are vocalisations that come after unconscious decision. I could, theoretically, get into, espouse, recommend “unconscious decision.” But it seems to me that my “unconscious decisions” are very woolly, plural, immediately retracted, and generally indecisive. It seems to me that behind the scenes there is something vegetable going on: a pushing and pulling of a variety of, er, impulses, and this _USER_ID_ of war results in a winner that is said to be “chosen.” In this way, I don’t think, in my case there is a “choice,” but only a bogus explanation for a variously buffeted behaviour. I am not sure. Thanks again."
176001030,"Antipsychotic medication and reality checking. It was ultimately a temporary symptom for me. _AT_MENTION_ there’s a good chance it will improve if you keep up with treatment, I was so far gone in 2015 and 2016 but after those two hard years I started to come out of it slowly over months. Sometimes you just gotta tough it out until things get better."
176001031,lol thanks _AT_MENTION_!
176001032,"WebMD Vitamin E Harms More Than It Helps Vitamin E harms more than it helps, a large study shows. Sorry posted wrong one…"
176001033,It was _PERSON_ green apple. I think I’ll be fine.
176001034,"My favorite place on earth is my apartment in Omaha, NE, USA."
176001035,The only thing is see would get it flagged is religion
176001036,Honestly I Have Felt That Way Before. I Try to Write Music in My Artistic Realm. (Honestly Trying to Come up With Meditative Ways to Create). Like a Way to Form Mainstream Prayer Messages in Acoustic Format. I Haven’t Been Playing Much in The Last Two Weeks. But I Plan On Getting Back into it Sometimes Soon. Enough About Me!. I Love The Two Paintings of The Two Laughing Individuals. It’s Almost Hypnotic. In a Very Fun Way!. Not Much of a Painter Critic Myself. Kinda Find Connections With Mostly Music Instead. But That’s Jus Me. N e Hoo. Look Forward to Seeing More!.
176001037,I dont see many threads on it. I know its pretty newer. How has it been on it?
176001038,Higher dose definitely has more side effects. Stay on lowest dose as possible.
174341926,Hi- I am not trained in biology but I know some about genetic diseases due to me having one. Do you believe that bipolar disorder and schizophrenia have matrilineal inheritance?
176001039,"The key to beating any withdrawal is time. Take it one hour at a time, heck, do one minute at a time if you need to. Keep reminding yourself your current state isn’t permanent, and once the withdrawal passes your head will be clearer and your body feel better. It’s only temporary, what you’re going through. And while relapsrs do happen, try to keep in mind they will reset the withdrawal period. And if they do happen, let it be a one off and leave it at that. No reason to completely fall off the wagon after the first bump."
176001040,Relax Dear!!! Everyone has one of those days. The key is not to let it get on top of you.
176001041,"Psychosis started a long time before. I haven’t had a significant episode since starting the course, thankfulyl."
176001042,Do you have sz and for how long?
176001043,"I mean, it’s obviously good for motivation but you can’t count on that only. Inner motivation is sustanable. Passion it’s a “start up”. I don’t know express myself in english like i would like"
176001044,That’s a start. How do we get you a new case manager?
176001045,love money freedom
176001046,"_AT_MENTION_ there’s a limit to how much coffee you can drink in a day, and my doctor says I should only eat when I feel like it."
176001047,I hope you feel better soon
176001048,No delusions for me so I feel good about that.
174341929,I am happy. It’s nice to be sane. I didn’t know it
176001049,Im just not sure we gonna get married at all… ever… I kinda knew that from the start but I changed my mind and he hasn’t… so I’m thinking to just buy myself a ring to show my commitment without actually getting engaged… kinda like a commitment ring… i sound materialistic but I like the idea …I just want to buy myself a ring
176001050,I can’t stand being without another adult to give me instructions on what I’m supposed to be doing or just someone to follow around… when I’m alone I don’t know what to do I’m completely lost and scared then I start thinking the people watching me from outside the windows can hear my thoughts and I have to behave a certain way so they don’t know I know they are there otherwise it will make them angry. In general… just can’t be alone… does anyone else have this problem?
176001051,"I didn’t have any issues when I could take it earlier at night, aside from some vivid dreams when I first started taking it. I think what is happening is I am trying to get myself up before the sedation has worn off so I am battling the sedation and that throws me into sleep paralysis. But with my job I am forced to take it later. I asked my doctor if I could try a lower dose. Hopefully that will improve things."
174341934,"I really think we should be doing mental health information to middle or primary schools as part of the standard like sex education. Telling people about sz, depression and bi polar. I think it could save a lot of heart ache for those involved… I know I thought schizophrenia was about having multiple personalities…that was my cultural education. Clearly lacking for it’s time and place."
176001052,I am not responding to your trolling bye
176001053,I had nachos for dinner
176001054,Thank you _USER_ID_. Fortunately I also have a psychotherapist
176001055,"So after 3 blood tests and 2 visits to an endocrinologist, I am now told my prolactin levels are elevated due to my medicine. I knew that once I saw the first elevated result but I guess I didn’t completely know it wasn’t a tumor or something else. All my other levels look fine so no need to see an endocrinologist again. 400 dollars worth of blood work later after insurance takes some of the bill away and I am done with blood work for 3 or 6 months."
176001056,"People across the country are going shoulder to shoulder with each other without masks at beaches, rallies, and protests. As far as I can figure, they all have a death wish. I would have reacted the same way. I don’t play with life and death. I stay 6 feet from everyone, farther if they don’t have a mask. I think anybody who does otherwise is playing with fire."
176001057,"Remember looking at the clock for half 5 to arrive, the time when _NAME_ got off work and the voices would start. Watching gold rush specifically and taping it for the next day. So many nights I went to bed at 6pm"
176001058,You seem like a very smart guy. But also disorganized a bit. Are you on meds?
176001059,I’ve often felt I’m telepathic too And that it’s coming from environmental and technological waves Affecting my brain
174341933,My mother’s sister is on heavy duty medication for schizophrenia. I call her Aunty Psychotic.
176001061,"When I stopped my amisulpride in 2013, (without consulting my pdoc), I suffered persistent tension especially in my jaw, and my heart raced. It was awful. But went back on meds as I couldn’t cope without them"
176001062,"_AT_MENTION_ nothing wrong with smoking, mate. Dont be so hard on yourself. It’s common among schizophrenics and is known to lessen symptoms. Just take up NRTs. I’ve been on them for years now and I’ve saved so much money. Hope you feel better."
176001063,"I’m overweight and have asthma. I also have a sensitive stomach and have to vomit sometimes, especially in the morning. I now drink each morning a grass-based Juice to improve my energy levels. I don’t exercise but I can still walk so I don’t complain."
176001064,I take 4mg I tried 6mg
176001065,I think 1 or 2 or even 3 aps can be equally effective. You should ask your doc if this is something bothering you.
176001066,"Honestly, my length of stay has typically been determined by the court. That’s sad but true. Usually by the time I need the hospital I’ve lost all insight to my illness and my behavior puts me as a danger to myself more often than not. Thankfully the local police have gotten to know me and always treat me good when they take me to the hospital."
174341940,"I was diagnosed bipolar and sz and sza at various times but it was established sza in the end because I’d have severe depression and have rapid cycling mood swings and at same time have psychosis like delusions and voices. My psychosis happens any time not just in mood episodes and isn’t related to my moods. I’d get _PERSON_ the evil spirit in my head trying to take over my mind and telling me to kill my husband and calling me a murderer, and I’d get paranoid about my mother in law trying to poison my food. These don’t necessarily happen when I’m depressed or hypomanic. You can’t just say bipolar is just about moods because people with bipolar can also have delusions and voices. Only difference is they only happen when person in mood episode and they are related in theme to the moods (mood congruent)"
176001067,Freak on a leash has not been here for a while. How are you going freak on a leash? You usually post pretty often in this thread… Are you still living without your friend? Hope you are well. And others I haven’t seen around for a while too.
176001068,I walked my brothers dogs I volunteer worked I walked my dog and will try going to hapkido tonight although it’s difficult and I do t feel very well. Also I got paid $30 which helped me a lot.
176001069,I think most of us need and want compassion. It’s a great thing to be able to show.
176001070,"I also have _NAME_ show. Not only video game idea. In both these, there is something fake, there is lack of control etc"
176001071,"I have illusions and hallucinations. My nurse explained the difference but I still didn’t really understand. Sometime I look at something and it starts moving, like a picture coming to life. I look away and look back and it’s still happening. Sometimes I see faces moving in things a lot. But I can look away and sometimes it disappears and sometimes not. Sometimes I see an outline of a man or a dark shadowed person and it’s still there. Sometimes a dark dark evil presence with it. Feels demonic. Other times I see a bug shadow thing or outline of a shadow of a cat, and look away and he is gone. The bug was just a price of fluff. Other times it goes away. If it goes away is it just an illusion? If you look away when you see things and then look back, do you still see it?"
176001072,I had cameras in my eyes 3 years ago again. I think it’s very common
174341949,Exercise increases lifespan especially for schizophrenics but it won’t help mental illness significantly.
176001073,"Try not to get angry mate and offer violence - even if you want too. Keep your mouth shut, cos if you been where i been - thats likely to get you locked up in a cell. Punch a wall if you have too or swear in a pillow."
176001074,"I live in South Korea. Maybe I’m just overly conscious of what others think of me. I love my country, but it’s really bothersome when something on the news or something on the Internet show _USER_ID_. It happens too often."
176001075,"_AT_MENTION_ I think anybody can accomplish just about anything they put their mind to despite minor setbacks. The key to accomplishing this is getting started and developing a sound plan with supports. I was never an A student prior to my dx, so that implies that such accomplishments are mere stepping stones to newer accomplishments. Its all about acceptance with where your at and where you want to be. I say go for it. Youre very well versed and knowledgable about medications, and can communicate on here well, I say you would make a good social worker if thats something your into. If you want to be a doctor then start hitting the books on your own with a disciplined plan to see where your at"
176001076,i hope you feel better soon
174341939,"This has always fascinated me about _PERSON_ ,_NAME_ and _PERSON_ offspring . Psychology Today Mad Genius: Schizophrenia and Creativity What, if anything, is the link between psychosis and creativity?"
176001077,This causes major weight gain and loss if your hormones cycle. My friend has the same problem. I was on risperidone for one month. It made me nauseous and I threw up nearly everything. I still gained 30 lbs in that one month of vomiting. I really think it messes with your blood sugar to make you gain weight.
176001078,"In fact, my therapist asked me what I fell asleep thinking because I was waking up suicidal. And I found that I only fall asleep with the idea that I might not wake up in the morning. It’s like a wish. So no wonder, when I find myself awake and alive, I get suicidal. (It’s ideation, no actual attempts)"
176001079,My most major side effects are lowered motivation and fatigue. What helps alleviate this somewhat is regular excercise this forum and having a routine to keep me sane.
176001080,"I’m doing well, yes. No complaint. You? Are you stable?"
176001081,Dissociation _PHONE_NO_
176001082,Turn off all lights and close curtains. Listen to the appliances hum. wait for meds to kick in.
176001083,i don’t know you so i won’t insult you back
176001084,I’m curious about Latuda also but I doubt it will work on me. Most of these antidepressant type antipsychotics don’t help me at all. I find them to be very activating on top of everything else.
174341937,Thanks for that article was very interesting read
176001085,"mods get a kick out of silencing me, they dont even get any flags, just do it bc they dont understand"
174341941,"Mine is psychosis NOS about 3 years, maybe more. They aren’t secure about changing it."
176001086,"I had a bad time on 156. So bad I swore Invega sucked. Then I tried 234 and am more of a normal person then ever. Now I do have some emotional blunting but it has gotten better over time. My motivation sucks, but with zoloft I get stuff done mpre."
176001087,Thanks so much _AT_MENTION_. Do you struggle with paranoia?
176001088,"Are they hallucinations, do you think? It helps to listen to music. I listen to punk rock. It’s better for the music to have words."
176001089,I found all my good therapists attractive. I don’t act on it. But I’m happy I find them especially their personalities attractive because it’s just like a more guided constructive healthy relationship.
176001090,Its really hard to be positive when you are your own worst enemy. Sometimes I like the way it feels to be negative too much. Then I end up isolated for hours away from my family. I know its not good for my family or me but when I get my delusions it’s the only way of coping instead of writing. It gets very very frustrating not knowing what to believe from one person to the next. And half the time I believe every single negative thought. It’s terrible for me at times
176001091,"He’s an Agent _AT_MENTION_, It isn’t NEO (!!!)… . …"
176001092,No transplant. He’s never really took care of himself over the years. They took a soda can shape cut out his lung on left side.
176001093,Wow so medication were taking is targeting the wrong part of the brain maybe thats i still why feel anxious
176001094,"en.m.wikipedia.org Behavioral addiction Behavioral addiction[note 1] is a form of addiction that involves a compulsion to engage in a rewarding non-substance-related behavior – sometimes called a natural reward – despite any negative consequences to the person's physical, mental, social or financial well-being. Addiction canonically refers to substance abuse; however, the term connotation has been expanded to include behaviors that may lead to a reward (e.g., gambling, eating, or shopping) since the 1990s. A gene transcri Diagnostic ..."
176001095,"it seemed very real but my medication helped me see through it, and a lot of stuff on tv upsets me so i just leave it off now."
176001097,I agree. It is brilliant to keep on trying to lead normal lives as much as possible
176001098,Maybe I should call my psychiatrist before it gets out of hand. But a part of me is curious to see how it will be
176001099,Kinda euphoric and irritated at the same time. Just got my depot this morning so it was running low in my system. I think the depot nurses were concerned about me. I phoned my CPN and we decided to review things on Friday. This mornings depot may well dampen things down in a few hours
176001100,Head above water!!! _AT_MENTION_
176001101,_AT_MENTION_ I didn’t mean it like that. Took me a while to process what you said. I don’t party. I just don’t care if my education meant anything. Cause it didn’t…
176001102,Caplyta is a full antagonist. _AT_MENTION_ took it and said Vraylar is better. Anyways Caplyta isn’t even fully out yet. It will take many years if its to be released in Canada.
176001103,I said my part I wasn’t even gonna say that I’m now gonna be the bigger woman and shut my mouth
176001104,Pray out your problems to Someone who knows.
174341946,"Lack of motivation. My Abilify is causing some problems with sleeping. Now that I’m off of Zyprexa, my appetite is gone, and I’m no longer hungry all the time, plus craving sweets and carbs."
176001105,That’s so nice of you _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ !
176001106,I’m strictly on haldol I don’t take anything for side effects
176001107,"Sorry for your loss. My biological grandparents are both gone, from Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s in their 70’s."
176001108,Alright I’m gonna take your guys advice and make a appointment and see if I can get in there today or tomorrow.
176001109,"I took her to Emergency last Wednesday for severe back pain and an itchy over all body. Doctors surmised she needed physio and allergy medication. I told them I thought it was liver or kidney enzymes. They disagreed. Two nights later, my girl is squirming in stomach pain on the bathroom floor throwing up. I called an ambulance. They finally did bloodwork and discovered she had an inflamed pancreas. kidneys and liver. My daughter masks her pain because she is the toughest kid on the block…which probably made it harder to diagnose her the first time."
176001110,Regrets IMG_20201223_2214353840×5120 3.88 MB
176001111,Mirtazapine Its a own Class of antidepressant Current problem is Im depressed
176001112,"All I did when I was young was to smoke pot. I stopped in 1982 when I was 23. I did speed once, and may have unknowingly got PCP once. I was like psychotic 8 months after that. Pot never did that to me. My Mom worked with a clean former drug addict, and she thought it was PCP. I was never drug tested. Thinking about it that was the Summer of 1980 I may have got the PCP. I can’t recall using after that. I was 21 then. I went to the psych ward January of 1981 I think. I’m just trying to figure it out. It was so long ago now."
176001113,I woke up. I worked. I slept.
176001114,Idk about that
176001115,"They’re the best, always have been. I’ve been going there since I was in seventh grade and I’m 58 now. There were years I didn’t see them but I’ve been going steady these past few years."
176001116,"I had them a lot at the start, I think it’s your brain misfiring."
176001117,I’m glad you have support great job.
176001118,Around my flat I love walking barefoot.
176001120,"If you put yourself in a meditative stance, and repeat your affirmations, they are more likely to work. A psychiatrist told me this process ‘engraves’ these sayings into your mind."
176001121,I actually dunno wat to say it’s so hard when it feels totally real wat they are saying but try n believe it’s empty threats and tell them u need to do this n that instead for a good reason. Try reasoning with them. Over time they may quieten down especially since u are on meds already.
176001122,"I tried everything diet and exercise, the pounds shed so slowly. I want to lose weight faster, how do speed up the process. Im 267 want to to be 200. any advice."
176001123,The Universe Sometimes Thinks About Someone Else When I Talk…
176001124,This is becoming serious …. I am really worried. _PERSON_ invokes act to _NAME_ private sector against virus.
176001125,Maybe stress makes your symptoms flare up. When you think people are following you it probably causes you stress and that triggers your symptoms. But navy seals aren’t following you though. When I was unmedicated I thought I was being followed by various secretive organisations. I don’t feel that anymore. Be 100% honest with your psychiatrist about these thoughts. Paranoia sucks.
176001126,I thought I was Jesus and to prove it I tried killing myself twice.
176001127,"_AT_MENTION_ : don’t take lithium unless you are sure it helps you. I was close to hypothyroidism (subhypothyrodism) before i started lithium, then i had Lithium maximum dose and my thyroid gland completely stopped functioning. Now i have to take hormones the rest of my life. Beside a full blown hypothyroidism Lithium gave me shaking hands, and it didn’t work for my depression. Good luck… I might try to take Solian, i hope it works better for me. Different persons, different brains, different meds."
176001128,?f you love him give one chance more.if you don t love him he is the person should cope separation s pain not you.
176001129,"Oh, _AT_MENTION_ I’m so sorry honey…"
176001130,"Its a big part of my illness… Am i alone on this here? Sometimes i litterraly hide the others. In a way, i fear some kind of aggression from their part, something like this… I also feel invisible to them and am uncomfortable to pass as crazy, to have my psychophysical symptoms in front of them… But aps never helped me on this. Now i just try a bit lower dose of zyprexa… I am sad i still spend my life like this, in isolation… Am i wrong to want fight my fears just by the will? But you should believe me, i was never fine on aps, never. And god knows, that i tried those kind of meds… Please support, tell me that one day ill be less scared if i continue affronting my fears… It feels like ill die, maybe its a panic too apart from the paranoia and anxiety… Maybe i should tell myself its just an impression? I read you always, but i didnt post those days. Whats up with you? I guess many of us here are all alone as me, no?.. Yeah, hard thing…"
176001131,Sometimes I’d like to rest my case with an “I can’t remember.”.
176001132,I also want to say that you are not alone. I hear voices from another world or my head take your pick. But what I do know is that medication is the solution not the problem. There’s nothing wrong with taking a lot of medication. At the end of the day the problem is in your brain and the only way to counter that is with drugs that affect your brain chemistry. Living in fear and terror is no way to live and I know because I’ve been there
176001133,"Online they say its 0.8g/kg of weight. Healthline – 2 Oct 20 Protein Intake — How Much Protein Should You Eat per Day? Protein is incredibly important for your health, weight loss, and body composition. This article explains exactly how much protein you should eat."
176001134,"I will try this tomorrow, today I rest, my body is all sore from yesterday’s training, you just hang it on any door, my brother has it so I will use it: eBay Rubber Expander Elastic Band Crossfit Training Yoga Exercise Tubes Pull Rope... Find many great new & used options and get the best deals for Rubber Expander Elastic Band Crossfit Training Yoga Exercise Tubes Pull Rope Set at the best online prices at eBay! Free shipping for many products! Screenshot_20200629-1330051440×2880 323 KB"
176001135,"Welcome. I have just lost my job too, it’s pretty tough to keep a job with a mental illness like SZA (i was first diagnosed SZA but they changed it later to schizotypal)"
176001136,"Lockdown has been terrible for me. Even just being able to talk to people on the bus or in the grocery store has gone away. I go most of my day without talking to anyone but Little LED. I’m lucky to have her, and my partner is upstairs if needed but they’re working on school stuff all the time. It’s just so lonely. I miss seeing friends. I miss seeing strangers. I miss interacting. I miss human connection. I cannot wait until everyone is vaccinated and we can hang out again."
176001137,"That’s not what I said ,or would ever say, as a person who very probably has what in the USA is called a learning disability. I said the vast majority of people here would not have an intellectual disability or borderline intellectual functioning. My post fully acknowledged that people here could have a learning disability(USA)/learning difficulty(UK). In no way was I making light of _AT_MENTION_ 's situation. In no way could it be construed that I was trying to make anyone feel inferior. In fact I was being supportive. FatMama deserves all the help she can get for her cognitive issues , as does anyone else who has such difficulties."
176001138,"I wish I had some golden nuggets to share with you. I’ve fought insomnia for 26 years. Can’t tell you how many all-nighters I’ve pulled. After being up all night, I’ll sleep for 4 hours then ruin the new day. Oh my goodness it’s such a pain in the neck. No meds worked for me either except Seconal and Chloral Hydrate…which aren’t manufactured anymore."
176001139,"I wonder now how the others see me… How they look at my paranoia… One friend told me that she is pissed off of how scared i am … Yeah…? My dad was a very, very abusive person… He was beating to death my mom and my sister… Maybe its not so strange that i went paranoid no? Wow… Does the paranoia and anxiety scare the others? For me, it just feels like it drains my life, thats alll… I got used to it and theres no life with so many paranoia… Probably the others are treating me as a coward in my back… Theyve seen only this from me since years…"
174341953,_AT_MENTION_ have you heard of brain peptides …??? l arginine and other does it help…??
176001140,Yeah I change hobbies a lot. These days I’m getting better at application which comes from exercise I feel. As to beliefs etc I’ve been pretty constant over the years. Would say it has been a common behavior of mine to get into something with enthusiasm only to run out of steam later.
176001141,Coz they experiment on my mind and i dont do anything and i dont go to newspaper or tv The problem orginally come from when i sleep all the day of yesterday i feel disgrace afterthat
176001142,There was a drink called dank energy with hemp in it. It never made it
176001143,"Just a heads up for a possible trigger warning for anyone who’s gone through sexual assault. I will try to make this PG but just a fair warning. When I was in the wwasp program I went to, the director of the program made us girls who had been sexually assaulted take accountability for what happened. I don’t want to get too graphic on here because I don’t want to trigger anyone but basically when I was 14 I was making out One of my friends’ friends. Him and I went into the basement of our friends house then an even older boy (he was 18) came downstairs. They both forced me to undress and each took turns having sex with me while the other one held my hands down. I hate hate hate the word rape because I’ve been so programmed to think and take accountability for my actions. Yet when talking to my current therapist she insists I’m not at fault While during my stay at wwasp I was told countless times that I have to take accountability for what happened because I was making out with the first 
boy and thus lead him on and I willingly went to the basement so therefore I’m responsible for what happened. The director of the program talked to us about it openly in front of other girls. One girl was raped at knifepoint and was told that she chose to be raped because she could have chosen to be stabbed. And because she was wearing provocative clothing at the time. I feel terribly guilty even to this day nearly 8 years later after the incident. And thinking I’m accountable for the acts that took place somehow is easier to think about vs saying I’m a victim of a crime. For the past several years when I think about what happened I simply take a breath and remind myself that my actions lead to what happened and I shouldn’t have any sort of trauma relating to the incident because I’m accountable for what happened. Yet here I am plagued by flashbacks and nightmares. I’m at a loss."
174341957,every day they found new evidence but there is no treatment
176001144,"My Dad is _PERSON_ and my Mom is _NAME_. Dad is stoic and serious while Mom is pure music, art and creativity. Because of this, my whole life I could never decide whether I wanted to open my own business…or write a musical!"
176001145,"Very little meds. I’m using alt methods. They’re 100% safe but the mods are mad at me for mentioning it. Only one that isn’t safe is PEMF, but that’s a risk in building it. Also I haven’t used it much in the past few days. It just helps a good amount. This morning I took 0.5 mg Haldol. I’m going to write a book / blog on this regimen, particularly once I fix my arthritis. Or maybe I’ll write another book on that."
176001146,People aren’t out to get you. It’s “just” a bit of baseless paranoia. It’s still distressing though. Maybe don’t watch the news for a while.
176001147,could you please have some more understanding for different people? not everyone is exactly like your autistic daughter.
176001148,"I took a hot bath, it was terrible getting in and out"
176001149,"_USER_ID_ I say good riddance. In hard times, you find out who your true friends are."
176001150,"That is a very ignorant point of view, I agree. It’s like they want to blame the sufferer for being lazy or something. They really don’t understand"
176001151,Have breakfast with my family. Walk my dog in the forest. Have a orange juice in the sun.
176001152,"OT also helps me with mobility aids. I haven’t named mine yet, but they’re here assisting my daily needs. Also OT is very good for my lack of fine motor skills. I guess it differs because I have a physical disease."
176001153,Come on just a little show him you care. lol
176001154,But we can think together.
174341961,"Wikipedia says about aripiprazole that “In healthy human volunteers, D2 and D3 receptor occupancy levels are high, with average levels ranging between approximately 71% at 2 mg/day to approximately 96% at 40 mg/day.”. I’m not that familiar with the English language, especially when it comes to scientific phrases and so on, and Wikipedia in my language has very little informations about the drug. Does what the Wikipedia says mean that 2 mg of aripiprazole blocks dopaminergic conduction in 71% whereas the remaining 29% allows the receptors to release dopamine? If so, how can I calculate how it is with 1 mg or less than that? I just want to know at which point and at what remaining dose aripiprazole still causes antagonism of dopamine receptors."
176001155,"hey Mister, you seem a bit pre-occupied, are you okay?"
176001156,We’re opening up businesses in Michigan. Kids go back to school Monday. I personally think that’s nuts
176001157,"“_NAME_, the people in my real life are unobtainable and the girl i tried to make it work with was too much hard work and very confusing,” Ha ha! That’s normal and the vast majority of females whom you will meet Personally I don’t think a lot men and women really care for someone to have in their life like family and if it weren’t for sex I am not sure most men or women would bother with each other at all. It’s the opposite with the more genuine people who could sacrifice everything the others demand in a relationship just soley for the sake and comfort of having a reliable company to be there for one another."
176001158,I was late for work this morning. I slept in until 6:66 am and I was an hour late. The devil made me do it. It was one hell of a drive to work.
176001159,"There is groups like Narcotics Anonymous, Alcohol Anonymous etc I am sure there is one for stimulants. I was with drug addicts in mental hospital and they give them meds to break their addiction. Sometimes they give them a similar drug and taper down the dose to break their addiction. Or meds that block the effect of the street drug in the brain, etc There is help if you sincerely want to quit."
176001160,"Seems like Italy has peaked, based on this: reddit r/Coronavirus - Lombardy sees a drop in % of positive cases (38.94% yesterday... 996 votes and 72 comments so far on Reddit And the latest stats, at: en.wikipedia.org Template:2019–20 coronavirus pandemic data/Italy medical cases chart Notes: Which show that there are 142 fewer deaths today than yesterday. reddit r/supplychain - Covid-19 update Saturday 21st March 340 votes and 74 comments so far on Reddit This has other news on COVID-19 supply chain related things also."
176001161,youre with a public sector or private sector pdoc?
176001162,you got a nice voice =)
176001163,"i’d love to be like that, i’m hoping to hear back from a charity that may be able to help me play better on piano"
176001164,"Im a bit low sometimes - and was on sertraline 200mg for over 20 years, before they took me off them. I do get a lift from the anti-depressant properties of seraquol tho, when ive done a dose the night before. Yeah and as said - if your not 100% sure about broadcasting your name, i would change it, incase you get para later on. I havent - but then im comfortable with it - and couldnt care less if someone hunted me down lol."
174341958,"The sadism got too much for me in my apartment tonight and I had to get out. So I grabbed a cup and put some ice and fruit juice in it and went for a drive. I know this area OK and I used to go to an AA meeting at this church long ago and I knew they had a big parking lot so I wasn’t too far away so I drove there and parked under a street lamp right at front near the street and listened to the Beatles: Live at the BBC and sipped my drink. I don’t do anything illegal anymore so when a cop drove about 10 feet from me I didn’t even flinch and he barely slowed down when he looked at me. At first I was glad that I didn’t warrant any bad attention from a cop and he saw I was harmless and not the kind to start trouble. But the more I thought about it bugged me and I thought “Wait a minute, I caused plenty of trouble in my time and had multiple run-ins with law.” I thought it was disrespectful of him to dismiss me so fast and not even pay attention to me. I earned at least a little fear from hi
m. Ah, the twisted logic of a schizophrenic."
176001165,9 posts were merged into an existing topic: Crystal’s Help Thread!
176001166,It’s tactile hallucinations. I get them daily. Feel as if something is landing or crawling on me.
176001167,It doesn’t
176001168,Maby the melatonin is making you sleepy?
176001169,Sounds like some routine would help your lifestyle. You’ve nothing to lose and more to gain. Try adding some regular exercise even if you don’t feel like doing it. Just do it same time everyday. You’d be surprised how much difference it can make.
176001170,I am on 10mg. I’m wondering if that’s a high dose? Could I go up if I need to?
176001171,Biofeedback got rid of my OCD. It’s a brain training activity that uses temperature readings from your brain.
176001172,Sorry to hear that man
176001173,Picked up my friend at the train station today. And we went to a Greek buffet and to the shopping center.
176001174,Done and thanks for the pics!!!
176001175,"Thank you for the advice. I will certainly keep that in mind. I don’t want bad withdrawal symptoms, that’s for sure."
176001176,my dad was abusive too…sorry that you had to go through that. family is everything to me really…
174341963,"I’ve noticed, I can go days. Sometimes even a week upto two. Where I will not touch the abilify / aripiprazole. I haven’t had a psychotic break down since I was hospitalised / sectioned. How has it been for you? Do you worry if you’re not taking it regularly? Do you find it difficult to care enough to take the antipsychotic every night/morning? (I definitely do find it hard to care about taking it and it’s not good for me as it’s a natural stressor thought now. Even so… it doesn’t seem to be enough to warrant me to make an effort because the motivation still doesn’t exist for it; much like anything I don’t have excitement for)"
176001177,"Hi, I should be sleeping it’s midnight where I’m at and I have to wake up in 5 hours to go on a road trip which I’m excited about!"
176001178,"I have a case of schizo affective disorder bi polar type and I have had an MRI and the doctor said there were no abnormalities. I saw a colored photo of a slice it took of my brain. I have to take medicine though, I’ve tried to go off and had permanent damage done to my psyche. I recovered as much as I could."
176001179,Is the delusions of hell or getting tortured for ever as common as mine
176001180,Thanks wave Cheers
176001181,"I was formally diagnosed SzA when I went in on my own and talked to the psychiatrist. I went in at that time on my mom’s insistence. Maybe when I was 32, but I don’t really remember now exactly when that was. I would keep going off medications then back on them. I was uninsured back then, and was too proud to let my mom buy me my medications. But anyway, I got really bad in 2008 and my mom got a Court Order to have me involuntarily committed to the State Hospital."
176001182,"Dont let that affect you. Your friend doesnt know what his talking about his not a professional psychiatrist, or counselor. Even a priest wouldnt say that, he would disagree with him."
176001183,I hated risperdal. It made me angry and hungry.
174341964,When I went into the hospital a few weeks ago I was on zyprexa. They kept me on that plus abilify. Then they gave me a shot of abilify and sent me home with scripts for zyprexa and abilify pill. Why so much? I feel drugged up and low on energy all the time now.
176001184,In my case I got a gift from God in the form of my parents. They support me in every way they can and more. They listen to all of my frustrating rants and give me space and understand me in every way they can. I sometimes feel bad that they deserved someone better than me. Other than that I have not much emotional support from my other family members and friends. I realized late and hard that when push comes to shove your real friends and pillars of strength are your parents and no one else. I just have superficial relations with the rest of the world including my siblings. I understood that noone got time for my nonsense. I don’t blame them. I just became wiser.
176001185,No a samsung galaxy
176001186,"lol, he really does that? That is weird =D"
176001187,"okay, i dont how get this negative thoughts out of head."
174341965,"rTMS vs tDCS Effectiveness> As the mainstream medical community has realized the effectiveness of nonsurgical brain stimulation for treating depression, studies have been conducted to determine which methodology is most effective. A study published on The BMJ in March of this year compared the effectiveness of the established rTMS treatment method to the tDCS approach. After observing the results of 6,750 people in 113 clinical trials and comparing their findings to a control group, the researchers’ data revealed rTMS as the most effective treatment option. Mid City TMS – 30 May 19 Knowing the Difference Between rTMS and tDCS - Mid City TMS Knowing the difference between rTMS and tDCS is critical to understanding what kind of treatment option works best for you. Contact Mid City TMS for more information. That is about depression. I’m not sure it would also apply to negative symptoms of schizophrenia."
176001188,Just something that helped me on here… If you wanna reply to more than one person at one time put @ then their username and a notification that you’re talking to us will be sent to us like _AT_MENTION_ (always love that feature of this place) I am doing okay (planning weddings are stressful and stress is a trigger for many people myself included) Also meds help… I go cuckoo and end up homeless without my meds… Life is better with meds and this is a pro med place
176001189,When this illness first started I experienced people talking about me everyday. Everywhere I use to go people were talking about me like they knew me. It’s hard to believe that I have a camera in me because I don’t see it or feel it. But I always wondered how people knew who I was without me knowing them. This illness is really tricky if I have it.
176001190,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
174341962,"Maybe not quite the same thing ,but the letter summarising my post diagnosis appointment re _PERSON_’s said the following : ""You tend to take things very literal and at face value and struggle to read other people’s intentions and may be vulnerable to exploitation by others . "" The facial appearance thing is interesting . I can definitely think of people as friendly and good or or bad and unfriendly based on how they look."
174341967,Haldol’s an old medication surprised they still use it
176001191,"i ended up having withdrawal when i stopped it. i didnt take it daily or feel i was addicted but i guess i became dependent on it. withdrawal was intense, i was irrationally suicidal and agitated for like a year it still comes back sometimes in waves"
176001192,20210224_1733521800×2529 1.01 MB Yesterday.
174341966,Japanese sencha tea might give more cognitive effect than green tea i think as its more concentrated one.
176001193,"i hope you get better.there is a lot of options of medications.you can try different medications and you can decide which one you feel your comfortable with.antidepressants, antisycotics,valium,just try to relax,keep your blood pressure down.it happens to all of us.take it easy my friend."
176001194,I’ve taken a puff or two years ago but I was also a good singer during my life and smoking is a no no for singers (well it’s supposed to be a no no).
174341971,why can’t you tolerate abilify?
176001195,Id do a stint in the hospital instead of being homeless anytime.
176001196,"Surely I was more loved when I didn’t have my severe negative symptoms, because I accomplished much more than now."
176001197,"Hmm. Have A Nice Comfy Night Under The Blanket Of Stars, Within The Walls And Rooms Of Your Home. Somewhere, Sometimes, Someone Said Good Night. And As Me And My Journal Shall Share Secretly. It Was The Best Moment Of My Exclusively Amazing Life (!!!)."
176001198,on an ipad its a little simple but I’m working on it I’ll try to make it better with trail and error
176001199,"_PERSON_ is a famous painter who makes net paintings. I enjoy her work a lot so I made a couple of homages to her. This one was made recently IMG_01971220×1016 592 KB This one is old, 2 years old image750×563 169 KB"
176001200,"I never got to hate the boys when I was a kid. So it’s all welling up in me now. It’s only natural to seek your own kind, especially when we’re young. Don’t worry, I’m not going to take these feelings anywhere. It’s just a stage I’m going through."
176001201,Epic pics!!!
176001202,Get tested. You may be afraid but wouldn’t you want to know if it is cancer? If you are unlucky enough to have cancer you will have a better chance of surviving it if they catch it early and start treating it right away. I had a couple of cancer scares myself but they turned out to be something else. It was such a relief to get tested and get the results.
176001203,My pdoc wrote down that I have trouble socializing.
176001204,"I will also say that my friend who has been a bottom rung retail employee for 10 years recently decided to embellish her resume a bit, and applied to a bunch of jobs that paid 80k or more at random, and she actually got a job as an office manager making 85k with benefits."
176001205,"I think we shouldn’t compare to other healthy people but to other people with sz, today I recreated a facebook account to spy my old friends and I feel weird too comparing me empty account that represents my life to theirs."
174341972,yeah i haven’t been doing anything. For like 6 months. But ive been getting very little sleep lately so thats very odd for me. I hope im just really sick rn because then this reality can stop. Im on two APs though(abilify and rexulti) i think i need clozaril again. Maybe when i stopped clozaril abruptly it broke my brain and now im totally gone. Yeah idk i was just in hospital. Sz got the best of me rn
176001206,I had a psychologist who told me my mind is so powerful that I can bend spoons and stuff with it if I apply it correctly. I also liked him. He even gave me a book from _PERSON_ to read. If a psychologist get you confused I’d say it’s better to change.
176001207,15mg is the lowest dose for depression so hopefully your dose will get upped. I was on 30mg for a while and it was ok
176001208,It won joke of the year at the Edinburgh fringe festival one summer
176001209,I think I have a higher IQ than what is stated in my reports. I might not be educational intelligent but have social intelligence and street smarts.
176001210,Nice piece. Like the color scheme. I was stationed in Iceland and they’re like ghost floating in the sky.
176001211,"My plan is as follows. I have a candidate health club where I will try to do strength training. If it doesn’t work I will try other health clubs. If health clubs won’t work out for me, I will buy a multi gym, place it at home and perform strength training at home."
176001212,Pee again!!! !!!
176001213,Just be completely honest about your symptoms tomorrow and you should get the treatment you need.
176001214,When you hear the voices do you ever tell them to do evil things or try to project into the delusions like the delusions do to you?
176001215,I’ve been told at different times I have bad and good insight . The bad insight was because I thought there was more going on than the sz-a… That was seen as not accepting my diagnosis… Years later I was proved right.
176001216,interesting thanks
174341974,I have Bipolar 2 with Auditory Schizophrenia. I lead a very active life. So when It was time for me to switch the ObGyn nurse practitioner greatly assured me that the Mirena was perfect and I would have no exacerbated symptoms of my Bipolar 2 and AS. Wrong… she never consulted my other doctors and lied about doing so. I was in a living hell for 1 1/2 years. It ruined my life. When I kept asking if this was the problem she said it must be my mental condition getting worse it was nothing to do with the contraceptive she put in. I even adjusted my meds to fix the “worsening” of my condition. Which was a very mild case to begin with. I lost my relationship because of the _USER_ID_ it sent me on. This is only my experience. Some people are fine on it. You have to strongly advocate for yourself living with mental illness. Even some doctors try to manipulate. I’m getting mine taken out however.
176001217,You need to consider if you want to get involved with him again. Could be he is a sticky person that it is hard to get rid of. If you do go back with him he will probably milk you for more money. Do you think you can brush him off if he does that? Can you say no to him? I think you should forget him but still hound him for the money.
176001218,The best thing for lungs is pure air. Anything else causes damage. It may not be right away or fatal. Full disclosure: I smoked over 20 years and have vaped for almost 2.
176001219,"I’m no longer taking APs, but I remain under medical supervision."
176001220,I still sometimes argue with them when I hear them. Would be interesting to hear another technique to add to the arsenal of dealing with them.
176001221,I would be scared to relapse bcz I refuse meds by then and get bad all day headaches with tics when reducing my dose. Good that its working for you.
176001222,I’m in a shitty mood rn. I’m meditating off and on but its not helping very much.
176001223,I would join a well equipped health club with a sauna and swimming pool.
176001224,Or maybe have the option of a 200mg seroquel prn
176001225,Oh yeah. One more thing - if you keep your food in your room get a lock for the door that you can lock when you leave so he can’t get in and take it.
174341977,Thank you everyone for sharing. It really helps. By the way has anyone here participated in studies on schizophrenia?
176001226,"I’m feeling very unsure about my prognosis. I just broke up with my wife which docs fear might be a stressor. Yes, they thought there was a psychotic dimension to my depression (my current dx is undifferentiated sz)."
176001227,250mg haldol injection every 25 days. 200mg clozapine. 300mg chlorpromazine. You?
176001228,nice landscape!
174341973,"In individuals with schizophrenia, implementation of a neuroplasticity-based, computerized cognitive training program has not demonstrated benefits with respect to functional or cognitive capacity outcomes. A 26-week, multisite, randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled, prospective trial — Evaluation of a Cognitive Adaptive E-treatment in Schizophrenia-diagnosed Adults (eCaesar; ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01422902) — on the topic was conducted and the results were published in the journal Schizophrenia Research . https://www.psychiatryadvisor.com/home/schizophrenia-advisor/use-of-neuroplasticity-based-cognitive-training-program-in-schizophrenia/"
176001229,thanks laros I will.
176001230,All it takes is some seasoning packets put in the soap\gas dispensary of the much prized appliance among working class women.
176001231,"Gosh darnit, just search for a selfie of _PERSON_ at the beach… and you’ll realize you’re not dead. Lmao. Anyway, don’t get all sad discount _PERSON_. _AT_MENTION_"
176001232,"The guy doesn’t know you personally. To him you are a member of the public calling for information. Like _AT_MENTION_ said, that’s probably his standard answer to that question."
176001233,"Wondering if anybody has had an MRI / brain scan either before or after their diagnosis. I had an MRI done the other week, and the results came back as follows: No evidence of cause for seizure. Hippocampi are normal. No gross abnormality in neuronal proliferation, migration, or organization. Normal brain. […] Hippocampi are well-formed and unremarkable without sclerosis or atrophy. Internal architecture is preserved. […] Ventricles, cisterns, and sulci are symmetric and normal in size. Basically (TL;DR)… everything comes back normal, with no grey matter loss or enlarged ventricles, or anything like that."
176001234,I think it was only September when it snowed here and it hasn’t snowed since
176001235,"I was hospitalized for over a month. This was in a state hospital. When I got there, there were people throwing chairs at everyone else. This triggered my ptsd. I picked up a chair. One of the staff asked me to put it down. I did. However brief, my need to protect myself made me a threat to others."
176001236,I heard a voice that said “See you in 11 years.” I read on remote neural monitoring which is an NSA tactic so came to that conclusion…now I’m reading this is common in schizophrenia as well.
176001237,"Hmm. . . _PERSON_!. Woah!. Like Woah!. After Reading Such Explosive Musical Material, I Am Floating In The Egyptian Territory Of Astonishment!. Keeps It Kools!. Like ‘How To Disappear Completely’, Only About Drug’s And Not Perfection. . . Never Give Up, _AT_MENTION_…, Never . Give . Up (!!!). Man…, Kaboom… Man, Jus Crazy… . … ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
176001238,I feel like im fakingbit mast the time. I hate it.
176001239,"I did at first. But after a couple of years of feeling sorry for myself, I realized that I earned my disability and to make the best of it."
174341981,Some side effects with Seroquel. They are extreme.
176001240,Are you also taking Depakote? Depakote is well known to cause liver damage.
174341978,"Mine is purely genetic. Why are my brothers not schizophrenic and they had those too? They’re making over 100 000$/year university degree, have girlfriends, lots of friends, etc"
176001241,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176001242,Did you try Risperdal? I read on Wikipedia that its good for negative and cognitive symptoms.
176001243,"My mind feels so fragile, about to break in a thousand pieces"
174341979,HI _NAME_ and welcome. I’m _NAME_ known as the Rogueone around here. I’m paranoid sz and multiepisodic. For me meds are necessary for function. I live a rich and realized life on a pension out here in Australia. Well done on working. It’s hard to do and you deserve some respect for getting through work. Look forward to your input.
176001244,Condolences. Also screw drugs.
176001245,"Do you think a diet could be affecting this anger, frustration and irritability?"
176001246,"Just know you aren’t alone in having those thoughts, I’ve had them before, with my grandmother dying of cancer. They’re heavy thoughts. Im wishing you well."
176001247,"Voice of God, may or may or not be true, and I may or may not have experienced that in the first scream I heard. _NAME_ has a short clip or video on it, amongst other thousands from other people."
176001248,Congratulations !
176001249,Superb drawing.
176001250,Yeah depression will zap your confidence. But maybe you just need to practice thinking better of yourself.
176001251,Goodnight. Sweet dreams
176001252,It annoys me when they ask if you have thoughts of self harm if you did have thoughts of self harm they’d do sod all about it
176001253,My meds have kicked in and I feel so much better.
176001254,"You speaketh the truth. Hell, they jump out of airplanes, have tank battles, are trained to kill, and wear cool uniforms. But I think I have the edge–I used to ride the bus every day."
176001255,oh that made me laugh. good one _AT_MENTION_
176001256,My close friend died recently. His grandma found him dead in his bed Easter morning. He choked on his own puke it was a drug overdose. I did some drugs with him a week before he died. I’m not sure about everything he was taking but it was most likely a mix of opiates and Xanax. I feel really guilt because maybe I could have done something to stop this from happening. Now I only have 2 close friends and we rarely hang out mostly because I isolate myself. I wish I didn’t feel this way…
176001257,"Yeah _AT_MENTION_ i get the facebook blues too. When i was an active user, i embarrassed myself posting when i was in a hypomanic situation. Now i don’t dare to post anymore, it seems like it’s a forum for really, straight “normies” with a certain strict codex of values. Luckily i have got a couple of friends, that often sabotage the codex posting strange and bizarre stuff and poetry."
176001258,The simplest explanation without sacrificing explanatory power. We shouldn’t fetichise simplicity either.
176001259,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001260,I just don’t want to be me
176001261,"I like the doc line. It’s a fully licensed doctor so they can prescribe meds, not just give advice. It saves a ton of time and money."
176001262,My parents are in very good health and clear minded. But I know that can change in a heartbeat.
176001263,"Just a warning. Any type of psycho active drug, will help you in the short term, but after you get used to the help it will just be unbeneficial then you will be worse off in the long run. There is a lot of debate into CBD oil being beneficial because of its minor thc content."
176001264,"A week or two ago (I don’t get voices often), I was getting ready for bed and a voice told me “moments after the Buddha became enlightened, his body died”. Then it laughed in a strong but almost comforting way. I don’t want to get religious (though I consider Buddhism more philosophy anyways), but it made me think “where’d this come from?”. Maybe there is truth to it, maybe it’s been said before, maybe it’s just my own mind regurgitating my inner thoughts. Idk. It’s like how I had this dream where someone called me “porterly” (a word most of us, myself included, have never heard, heck literature hasn’t even used it much since if I’m remembering correctly it’s been obsolete for a while). What weird things have your voices said to you? How did it effect you?"
176001265,It was more miss than hit. Gave me some earpain too.
176001266,It really depends on where you go and what you study. I’m in one of the top programs for my field and it is all online. It was not easy to get into.
176001267,sorry for hijacking this thread.
176001268,It’s ok _AT_MENTION_ I got you covered 2BAD6604-B735-4B81-9E09-10BCB15227A2.gif 500×508 191 KB
176001269,"About a decade ago I had a complete mental breakdown, after being under lots of stress. One day it was like a bomb went off in my brain…I was functioning one day and a month later, I could not function. My brain was constantly going, had bizarre thoughts constantly, thoughts of hurting people, lost all feelings for my family, could not enjoy anything because my mind was never quiet. Nothing seemed real, everything seemed completely surreal. I tried to get help in the ER, but they always just said I had anxiety or depression. It was like being in a living nightmare. I was 29 at the time. I was never able to get proper help, because the anxiety medication they gave me did absolutely nothing. I slowly recovered on my own. Fast forward to now, basically the same thing has happened, been under severe stress and one day it felt like a switch went off in my head and I don’t know what to do. I don’t have thoughts of hurting anyone, but my mind is chaos, my anxiety/agitation is non-stop, I have totall
y stopped functioning, I’m scared to shower, everything seems surreal and too bright, too loud. I have lost all feelings of love and warmth, instead they’ve been replaced with agitation. Everything seems surreal and like my life was a dream. I feel terrified all the time and I don’t know why. Does this sound familiar to anyone? Can you have two psychotic breaks with a lengthy period in between? Thanks for listening"
176001270,Yup technology is stealing our jobs.
176001271,I’m 63. Been on psych meds for all but 1of the last 47 years. I used to be really crap at spatial tests . Part of that was down to a defeatist attitude .My average has improved by 35-40 points . That’s come from perseverance and trying to be less defeatist. This year i joined several high IQ societies. Being on Meds doesn’t have to mean cognitive decline beyond that expected due to age.
176001272,That would be a really good distraction I could see that working. If something were really simple. TY
176001273,"for me coffee doesn’t mess me up, at least i think it doesn’t… i drunk a few cups of coffee a day. sometimes 4, sometimes 5"
176001274,They’re trying to find meds to manage my bizarre heart condition. Fourth year of trying different things. It’s not just psychiatrists who struggle with illnesses that refuse to cooperate. My cardiologist is currently having “fun” with me as well.
176001275,There’s nothing good in my life. I don’t feel safe.
176001276,"But I was on 10 mgs for one year, ever and I was even worse…you wont believe me, but its true… I am the person who took all the meds prescribed from the docs for ten years and they never relieved my body sensations… I am stopping to eat on 10 mgs, I am so depressed then… anyway… I gave ten years to the psychiatry… its not working here like this for me… I also never got better on going outside…"
176001277,"I wrote “idle hands”, (as in the devil’s play things.) People butcher this quote, and thus I’m unsure is I am too : ) I speak with too many references, and have got to remind myself that words matter."
176001278,I don’t know what I’m gonna do about the farm because when I get stressed I get faint voices. What would you do about it?
176001279,"Glad to hear it’s been going well for you That’s great-- those off-days can be tough so it’s important to just be kind to yourself when they happen. It seems like they’re tied to stress and anxiety for sure. At the moment, I’ve pretty much just got a pdoc, as I’m not a huge fan of webcam-based therapy sessions with my therapist. But I’m realizing now that she’s been a big help so far, and maybe I should tough out the telehealth component. I think medical professionals have an unfortunate tendency to write us off when it comes to employment. I mean, when I first met my therapist, she told me I might be better off in an assisted living home. The medical community seems to not understand the importance of living as independently as one is able. It’s all about having the proper resources and team behind you to do so-- and that’s something that can be extremely difficult to find. Thanks so much! Best wishes for you as well"
176001280,"There can be nothing sexual going on. It’s a very small apartment, very close quarters, and if any hanky-panky was in the air it could get awkward and uncomfortable very fast and we’re lucky that this is a nice neighborhood and we both need the cheap rent so neither of us wants to spoil it. Besides, if I ever get desperate for sex “before I can’t anymore”, there’s a dozen or so massage parlors in the vicinity. They spring up everywhere in this area for some reason, sometimes they advertise massages, or sometimes they put up signs saying foot spas or beauty parlors."
176001281,"Perhaps, but I have very little concern for societal prejudices of that kind. The same with my friends, most of them anyway."
176001282,I went talking to my parents and it got better. I remember on Latuda it happened when I was alone only bcz I dont want ppl to see me act weird by freezing. When unmedicated I would freeze infront of ppl and my mother was yelling and hitting me to make me respond to the environment.
176001283,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Volunteer Moderator _PERSON_"
176001284,Don’t worry about it. It’s easy to forget things or not be properly concious when medicated. They don’t know who you are and what you are dealing with.
176001285,My GP increased my Sertraline to 100mg as that was the instructions of the pdoc to go up a dose in 4 weeks. I am going to see my pdoc (new one) at the end of September so hopefully by then the meds would have kicked in mostly. I feel a lot better although I am still not sure about going back to the same job. I just don’t want to go through that again although the idea is to face the situation so I haven’t quit the job yet. I will work on it. I don’t hate myself so something good has happened…
176001286,looks like a nice place for sure yea =)
176001287,I don’t i guess
176001288,"yea we never experience periods we dont how it feels like. I got hemmroid one time that was painful, is it the same thing."
176001289,I understand about the spontaneous movement. Mines gone aswell. It’s really sucky
176001290,It’s a conspiracy to drown out the spiritual realm from seers
176001291,Please don’t I am still here going through the same thing. Its difficult everyday but please find a way. I struggle with it everyday of my life to the point of having these thoughts too sometimes. Pretty sure I didn’t do anything to deserve it but study. I understand what your going through completely. I wish I knew how to fix it. Be good to them it stays. Get upset it gets worse. I just try to ignore it and enjoy whatever happiness I can. I’m sorry your going through this but suicide isn’t the answer. I was told it is passing the pain and these words keep me from taking myself. I only wanted to create jobs for my country. What did I do to deserve this! What did we do to deserve this?!?
176001292,"I wanted to walk outside today, but it seemed like it rained every 20 minutes. Hope you were able to get out _AT_MENTION_."
176001293,okay hopes so 151515
174341997,"There’s no such thing as witches or magic. That sounds like a delusion to me. As for 4 people becoming unwell when they met someone - yes that is strange, but I would never be happy with “oh it was magic” as an answer."
174341991,The pdoc who saw him? Although if the family GP was aware of the situation he might not have done enough to show mental health services how bad things were with the lad. Whoever’s to blame it’s a tragedy .
176001294,I have all my life. Last ten years I’ve volunteered but it’s physical. I usually do a couple of half days a week but sometimes I rake leaves for 4 hours. It’s a lot harder now I’m 50. I just do it at my own pace…before meds I’d have so much more energy…nowadays I just do the old turtle speed. It’s harder on my body for sure.
176001295,"I try to remember what happened to me in college. It’s like 60 percent real, 30 percent from parallel universes, 10 percent fantasy more or less. It’s like trying to remember yourself in your mother’s womb. I sometimes confuse TV with reality. It makes me the perfect victim… But yes, I had fantasies that I’m like the old fat guy in man in the high castle who makes anti-fascist films lol. Not really. I probably got millions of memories. Probably thousands of pictures and videos in my head. Some real, some not real. Mostly from other lives in other bubble universes…"
176001296,altogether: -depakote 750mg daily divided -haldol .5 prn -seroquel 100mg
174341993,"Its a rare possibility. Abilify changed my personality for the worse. I had fake emotions, emotions that weren’t mine. I wasn’t myself. I had no genuine passion. I would rather have no emotions than having fake emotions."
176001297,I like _NAME_ cos he’s from West _NAME_
176001298,"Yea _AT_MENTION_, _AT_MENTION_ May Be Correct On Thus One. All Thus Could Be From The Idea That Mainstream Media, Has Become A Serious Form Of Frightening Propaganda. Like The Conspiracy Theorist’s Always Claim. Now, Sometimes There May Be Some Form Of Truth To That Claim. But!, It All Really Centers Itself Within The Same Thing The Government Passes Around. Be It In Cash, Or Credit. Now, Paranoia, I Have Found, Can Be Another Form Of Commonsense In All Reality. I Mean, If Something Bad Happens, There’s Usually A Good, (Well), Bad Reason. If You Have Found Yourself Breaking The Law, That, Could Lead To Serious Speculation That The Government Could Be Examining All Of Your Private Information. Perhaps, Like The Movie, Starring _NAME_, ‘Minority Report’. But!, I Doubt Hollywood Is Working For The Government. That Jus Doesn’t Make Any Sense Whatsoever. I Would Say, Make A Cup If Tea, Maybe Light A Smoke. Sit Outside & Enjoy The Sun. Put Some Calming Music On. Light Some Candles. Maybe Take A 
Nice, Gentle, Warm, Soothing Bath. And Jus Count All That Eerie Feeling Of Terror As Seriously Unrestricted Daydreaming. Good Luck!. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic)"
176001299,Awesome. Glad it worked.
176001300,image1188×926 27.8 KB Visit my sacred neigh. Not binge eat but have a coffee ice cream for lunch. Do the dishes and shower and pay my horses wormer and worm her.
176001301,I like this poem. Thank you for sharing
176001302,"Is sarcosine giving effects like that of TMG like viagra like effect, more energy, anti depressant effect etc?"
176001303,It’s a day late. It’s usually a day late here because we’re so out in the boonies. But I’m saying it better be here today or else. lol. I really want my stuff. I have some sugar-free pudding in there and some oatmeal both of which sound good for a snack. I’m trying to think if they normally show up late in the day. I think they do.
174341998,It was a waste of time for negative symptoms. She wont raise my dopamine with her words haha
176001304,"Uh, I’m convinced some members of my team only tick 10% of the boss’ boxes, but that’s 10% more than they can find elsewhere right now. Pretty sure our three main criteria these days are walk upright, have a pulse, and pass the L1 exam. (First two items probably optional, to be honest.)"
176001305,Discourse is the best forum software I’ve ever seen. My old college had the same format for their school forum ad listing software
176001306,"PubMed Schizotypal Traits and Neuropsychological Performance: The Role of Processing... In a population-based community sample, individuals with high positive schizotypal traits or paranoia-like traits show impairments in processing speed. Consistent with a dimensional view of psychosis, this supports the hypothesis that processing..."
176001307,My kids. The end
176001308,I really hope your right zombie. These coincidences drive me crazy though.
176001309,If you are here for your son you should visit the family side of the forums.
176001310,Good luck im sure you going to ace it.
176001311,Motivation issues and impulse control. Are my challenges
174342008,Same side effects happened to me when i used it abilify.i also read that it may harm impulse control mechanism seriously.just check google.
176001312,"thank you!!! I’m actually insecure about my self, so, cool//"
176001313,"he’s been in _NAME_ for 2 weeks visiting with an army buddy, as we speak. will be there another week, mom is going to visit him soon, but i think i’ll stay behind. he wanted to be a little boy and play soldier all his life, so he did, then he tried to talk to me into joining the military all his life, until i was diagnosed schizophrenic, every time we talked was a pitch to join the military. he’s 12 years older than me, to be honest, im lucky to be alive, as i was a late arrival. but i got a cool big sister who is really good to me and lives close by."
176001314,Maybe those that come on this website saying they are quitting/anti meds should read this thread.
176001315,"If I did that, I think the withdrawl would be so severe I would die. Dont know what your dose is, but you cant cold turkey"
176001316,"Hey no worries _AT_MENTION_ I might have been able to help more but I just woke up and feel a bit foggy Do you have any problems with anxiety? I only ask as I found that a barrier with what _AT_MENTION_ suggested, as I found this an issue when trying to engage with other people I could not even get to the place. Best to work through anything like that if you can before you try, as otherwise you might harm your confidence like I did. Small steps"
176001317,Have you tried Zyprexa Olansapine. My mother who is 75 years old just got put on 35 mg zyprexa last month. She is doing fine the only two complains she has is constipation and increased hunger.
176001318,"About a year after i started the injections. Yeah i get the odd wobble, when my brain “catches me out” , and i think its real - but i soon realise its the sz."
176001319,Sorry this person was so inconsiderate to you _AT_MENTION_ . They don’t know your situation and don’t have the right to pass judgement on you. They are probably depressed and taking it out on you. Try not to take it personally.
174342000,"…if being watched is no biggie why is stalking a problem?.. One of the most important questions about voices is why are they so powerful? Why can voices make people do things that are irrational, bizarre or even dangerous, and why are they so successful in causing suffering? Well, part of the answer to that is that they know you intimately. livingwithschizophreniauk.org Persecutory voices of the kind experienced by people with schizophrenia have been described by one sufferer in _PERSON_ book Surviving Schizophrenia as “ a constant state of mental rape livingwithschizophreniauk.org"
176001320,Not yet sexually.But sometimes when I see a young man who have energy I tend to find him somehow interesting.
176001321,I use a lot of caffeine. Not the best solution but that and energy drinks makes me function.
176001322,"So last night I tried the coca cola energy drink which I’ve had problems with once before, but unfortunately the memory of what problems I had was already fuzzy so I chalked it up to “I want to stay up to wish my friend a happy birthday” and went for it. Big. Mistake. (not the wishing them happy birthday part of course!) I didn’t have problems while awake, but when I tried to go to sleep I had racing heartbeat, anxiety, a ton amount of manic-like thoughts, and raging insomnia. I passed out and got three hours of sleep, woke up wired with an upset stomach. Worst part is? Today is my visit with my pdoc. I’ll stick to my dark chocolate from now on, thank you!"
176001323,"_PERSON_ says: Everything about my illness says that I shouldn’t be here. But I am. And I am, I think, for three reasons. First, I’ve had excellent treatment, both psychoanalytic psychotherapy and medication. Second, I have many family members and close friends who know me and who know my illness. Third, USC Law School is an enormously supportive workplace which has been able not just to accommodate my needs, but to embrace my needs. I’m still none the wiser. I too am at a loss as to how she does it."
176001324,"That you’ve made somewhat recently. Here are mine: *Started brushing my teeth daily *Haven’t had fast food all week *Have been eating much healthier both content wise and portion wise overall, I haven’t been perfect but I am miles better than where I was before I am feeling very proud of myself even if these things seem quite small, they are huge for me and are all things I have been struggling with for ages"
176001325,I can go private but it is costly and they don’t have the notes the NHS pdocs do… but then again i don’t want them to rely on the notes i can’t trust them to write any truth… or anything with accuracy… they contacted me about 4 years ago to say my dad was very worried about my mental state… i mean how is that even possible when hes dead???
176001326,This topic was automatically closed 90 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001327,"I wouldn’t be surprised. I haven’t told anyone about this site, maybe my brother."
176001328,"Definitely. Something I’m always working on. This is also a specific issue to schizophrenia. There are many scientific articles discussing cognitive issues with eye tracking, and eye gazing interpretation with schizophrenia. Basically people with schizophrenia have jittery eye movements, and bad eye tracking. This causes our eyes to move around more, and makes it harder to look at one thing in the same place for a long time. Also, social anxiety, if you have it will make eye contact much harder as well. I do. Here’s one scientific article about it. Eye Tracking Dysfunction in Schizophrenia Many studies have been done about this. A quote from this study: Eye tracking dysfunction (ETD) is one of the most widely replicated behavioral deficits in schizophrenia and is over-represented in clinically unaffected first-degree relatives of schizophrenia patients."
176001329,Yes. My mother had her tubes tied and it caused her a lot of pain - emotionally and physically.
176001330,"It’s a great piece, _PERSON_!"
176001331,I had this to all these sycronisitys and sighns that I would get that it was true and crazy delusions of talking to spririts and gods
174341999,currently im on Invega sustenna. have been for 3 almost 4 years now. but I need a cheaper med if im going back to work. which will mean i will lose my Medicaid and cost will be a factor. what are the best meds for sza? and what do they cost you?
176001332,"It’s Pluto with it’s heart shape drawn out with a pink line. And _PERSON_ has a smiley face and arms. I’m a huge space geek, and the new pictures of pluto made me nerdgasm."
174342011,"If you claim to be enlightened in the East, people may tell you “it’s about time”. In West, though, they diagnose you as schizophrenic"
176001333,I’m sleeping a lot with zyprexa.
176001334,Yes I went from 10 stone to 9.5 stone by exercise
176001335,I am off to sleep for know. I hope you feel better tomorrow. it was a pleasure chatting with you as well. sleep when you can and try to be at peace.
176001336,"Every day I wake up around 12 and then sleep later in the day. I usually go to bed around 1 AM but I feel like I sleep too much and would like to wake up earlier. What kinds of things could wake me up earlier? I drink coffee which makes me wake for awhile, but then I go back to sleep."
176001337,Welcome. Hope you find what you’re looking for.
176001338,"I need a room with a view, but i don’t mind which view, right now my garden/allotment"
176001339,i hope he will get better soon!
176001340,Yes No Dunno 0 voters
176001341,That’s a good way of describing it.
176001342,"(@)~Ellipse~(@) Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
176001343,I don’t actually need your help although it would be good. The capability enabled by doing this turns out to be infinite. If the chatroom is mentioned on air then we could go to the stars about a week later. The audience decided that I had to be middle aged before they would go through with it. I last did this idea in 2015 but it was reversed. The condition is that I have to wait until July 2017 but this has now passed so it won’t be reversed now.
176001344,"I’m high risk, with immune suppressants and a plethora of physical ailments. I really wish I could get mine soon. My hubby got his because he’s a teacher."
176001345,Could you elaborate or will that get us booted?
176001346,I didn’t do anything to them so am I okay?
176001347,What do you mean digging? Digging for shite? Like rubbing their arse with their fingers?
176001348,Yeah. It’s a panic attack. My heart beats like crazy. I lose control of my breathing. And I also always think my parents are talking about me. Sometimes it happens when I drink to much wine. Sometimes it just happens out of nowhere
176001349,Sez you.
176001350,"So I came across someone making the distinction between solitude and isolation which I thought was very profound. Looking at the Greek roots of the words, it is clear that solitude is a voluntary act whereas isolation is involuntarily. Further solitude is a positive state whereas isolation is negative. Solitude promotes peace of mind whereas isolation promotes anxiety. So besides the issue of volition, what is the difference? Right thinking. To live in solitude, you have to be mentally strong, to not get lost in questioning your purpose or reality. You have to have faith in yourself. I personally find that I can’t live in solitude for very long without falling back into feelings of isolation and isolation leads to mental health problems. On the other hand, I love solitude when I experience the peace and joy of self that it gives. In this society, we are told that the ideal is to be social, not to withdraw, Perhaps it is the sense of not living up to that ideal that leads me to feelings of isolati
on. This is something I want to explore more. Thank you."
176001351,I was on that for a yr and a half. How much cogentin? I’m on cogentin now Good luck with it!
176001352,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176001353,me2…what else are you thinking about _AT_MENTION_
176001354,you’re good at art but I wonder if this should stay here I posted a piece I did on 9-1-1 and it got removed.
176001355,"I was not having people knocking my door down when I wasn’t sz either. I think it sinks chances with a lot of people having this diagnosis. You could always say you’re better off without people like that, but nonetheless it lowers chances of meeting someone."
176001356,Oh I see. Do you have to stay in 3 to 5 days because your on meds?
176001357,That’s exactly what i just did
176001358,Thanks _PERSON_ ! What kind of music do you play ?
174342016,_AT_MENTION_ do u mean chinese herb doesn’t work…!! I can’t say it until I use it…!!! I don’t want to die like this…
176001359,oh i dont want that to happen
176001360,Another good one !
176001361,Today I had the desire to quit meds without psychiatrist’s consent. I had anxiety too.
176001362,"To me, video games are just like watching a movie. Better yet; you choose the outcome."
174342012,"thanks for that, lol I was on antidepressants last year and I found them to be excellent but unfortunately it stole my libido and ran off with it so I had to stop taking them. Interesting that clozapine helps with anxiety maybe I need to up my dose"
176001363,"I am just left alone relying on the efforts… And I wonder if they can really help one day, that left like this relying on the efforts is a good thing?.. But yes, I guess after 11 aps, theres no point to try more… One pdoc even agreed, that they gave me too many aps…I wonder if ill be strong enough to do it now just with efforts. Yes, I take my Zyprexa, it helps but its still a limited help…"
176001364,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176001365,I am really sorry…
176001366,same haha now i can only do like 1 hour tops
174342007,It’s just another supplement. I found it takes the edge off things for me. I’ve gone from 1200mg L-theanine to 400mg L-theanine with it. https://www.iherb.com/pr/Now-Foods-Sports-Beta-Alanine-Endurance-750-mg-120-Veg-Capsules/13949 I take a 750mg capsule and 200mg L-theanine on waking. I tried taking 2 capules but after a while I got muscle cramps so had to cut back to just one. Which was a pity as 2 capsules really relaxed me.
176001367,Maybe just little steps toward some goal you want to achieve.
176001368,Same here. Sometimes I can be up for days and not sleep…it scares me. I don’t want to go back to being a day sleeper.
176001369,"oh sorry i meant information theory. which does relate to language theory. I learned some off of here, the ancient information theory section is pretty interesting. Khan Academy Information theory | Computer science | Computing | Khan Academy We've always been communicating. As we moved from signal fires to alphabets to electricity, the problems remained the same."
176001370,Yes thank you _PERSON_.
176001371,"Low B-vitamin levels are associated with depression. I would strongly recommend investing in a $10-20 bottle of B-complex vitamins, at least B-50. Ideally B-100."
174342019,"News-Medical.net – 8 Oct 19 Deficit schizophrenics are physically different from other people The study, published in Schizophrenia Bulletin on August 19, 2019, points out some differences in mouth structure in people with one form of schizophrenia called deficit schizophrenia, compared with other schizophrenics and non-schizophrenics."
174342020,"Decreased functionality, decreased intelligence and decreased quality of life. Negative symptoms as well. My negative symptoms started many years before my first psychosis. They just got worse with time and stabilizing now."
176001372,"Well, in my case maybe “every delusion has a kernel or bit of truth to it.” I had some mild to moderate paranoia that I was being poisoned in this life by light chemicals in my foods…turns out I was in a distant past life in a parallel universe but the memories were messed up and I wasn’t cognizant of it at the time the paranoia hit. I had no clue the memories and paranoia came from a past life! Now, I realize the paranoia came from a past incarnation of myself and I wasn’t being poisoned in this life at all!!! I realized I can shift between realities (yes, I can!) and that there are other parallel worlds out there with slightly different outcomes and actions like many worlds theory that _NAME_ talked about in his PhD thesis. I believe I was _NAME_ in a past life (possibly, every day it feels less and less real now) and he tried proving or convincing or showing people that other worlds exist. _NAME_ was a time traveler. Old news, in my opinion because I’ve lived millions or billions of 
lives since that life or whatever. And I didn’t post that stuff he posted in this life, unless I’m a clone or some ????. I think it was the government that posted it for some odd reason or aliens…We live in a computer simulation so maybe it’s like the Mandela Effect or some ????."
176001373,"_AT_MENTION_ you have a long history of psychosomatic symptoms. Take your temperature, but you’re probably just having anxiety."
176001374,I woke up early this morning so I could spend some quality time with Mr. Star and do yoga together. And I was able to have breakfast early too. I made a salad with mushrooms and avocado dressing. It was really good and high in healthy fats and vitamin D.
176001375,Pretty bored and depressed actually. Probably will go to bed early again. I’m starting to write down the positive things that happen in the day though so I know something good happened. Memory isn’t too great.
176001376,"Yes, but did you change the RAM?"
176001377,"I’m confident enough to sing at my next birthday party. I figure, I always look like an a$$, I’ll just get up here and be the best man, the BETTER man."
174342022,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001378,"If we’re talking about physical reality, than you’d have to wait many times longer than the age of the universe for this to happen according to quantum mechanics. I would love to learn some physics myself. Sort of scared to death of it. Intimidated. If we’re talking about psychology, I don’t have a clue. There could be a lot of things like mental illness perception neurology issues, etc. Philosophically, I don’t know either. I tend to look down on philosophy and tend to look up to physics and gravitate towards that."
176001379,But thats the same as visual hallucination. They stay even with closed eyes. I still saw Jesus when I closed my eyes.
176001380,it may just be your perception of feeling the brain.
174342018,"Or they could just eat more fatty fish, and less junk food. I bet healthy diet would lead to a more rational schizophrenic. _USER_ID_: the second statement is true. I can testify to it."
176001381,Round is a shape.
176001382,"Maybe I can’t, I was a little grandiose when I posted that. I’m sorry, but I know what it’s like to be paranoid whether it be real or delusion. Know you’re not alone"
176001383,Guess I know your Smart !
176001384,Have you ever eaten in front of a mirror? That is quite an experience. I’ll never let my old friend criticize my way of eating again. I decided it’s a good way.
176001385,It’s a miracle. It happened without any effort by me
176001386,Brilliant news! Keep at it!
176001387,"thanks i my, i want small place thats it, simple room kitchen, bed bathroom nothing complicated."
176001388,"I also had these delusions, I tried to kill myself twice to prove that I am Jesus. I thought that I experienced and did miracles, saw Jesus flying in mental hospital at night."
176001389,"today we all worry about Climate change, A bombs and over population and man its a mixed up world. covid, recession when will it end i really wish i was alive at a different time in history but they never had it easy either. When was a good time to live?"
176001390,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ good perspective. I couldn’t stop writing songs if I tried, it’s so much a part of my natural life. What feels most right to me. It would just be nice to be recognized and appreciated once in awhile And yes, like yourself I do get angry with people when they just brush it off. I expect that of 14 year olds listening on YouTube, but not from my own friends and family"
176001391,I’ve felt that way at times. Didn’t used to
176001392,image640×640 146 KB
176001393,I’ve been on and off cymbalta several times with no issue.
176001394,"My resume is that I graduated only from middle school and that I have never had a job and I’m now 25, what are my chances?"
174342030,"Let’s hope this approach will become mainstream, so we can get tailored therapies soon."
176001395,"I don’t lack exercise…I’m on my feet 4hours per day at work, moving around. Just bitter that I can’t be my old self. I feel like an imposter on these meds."
176001396,_PERSON_
176001397,Sex is overrated. Unless it’s with someone that’s special to you.
176001398,Nope. I recently used my savings on an iPhone 11. I’m pleased.
176001399,"I cannot fathom how to use those can openers where you jab them into the top of the can and move your hand up and down. My friend tried showing me, he really did his best and even dumbed it down but I just could not do it and we ended up having a fight over it because he thought I was playing dumb. It really confuses me. We had cats growing up, and they got canned food, but we always just used those can openers you attach to the can and turn a handle."
176001400,"I mean, what more proof do you need other than the fact that the meds that you started taking a while back, which are designed to stop auditory hallucinations in people with psychotic illnesses, stopped the voices you were hearing? I think you’ve said it yourself before, that the voice you were hearing told you it was going away but it would return on date x. Now that date has passed and it hasn’t returned. Are you sure you wanna risk a psychotic break?"
174342024,"A snake in the grass, coiled up and hissing. And CBD oil unwinds you."
176001401,Great picture! Thank you for sharing it.
176001402,"Hell, it may turn out great and you will enjoy it. It’s possible, you never know."
176001403,"When I went to take my meds last night I separated out the Cymbalta and took them, as usual. Then I put the rest of the pills in my hand and was about to pop them all when I realized the shapes were different and there were a couple more than normal. I realized just in time they had messed up and given me the wrong meds at meds management. I called the after hours number to report it but they said nothing could be done till morning. So I’ll have to go back over there today to get the right meds and I’ don’t know what they will do about the pills they gave me that belong to someone else. It would be gross of them to turn around and give them to that person, but I bet they will rather than having to pay to replace the meds."
176001404,"Oh bull. I’m on the highest dose of Invega and run a household, care for 5 kids, and have a happy, fulfilling marriage. By avoiding medication and continued exposure to psychosis the brain is damaged. I’d rather live with some side effects instead of soiling myself in an institution eventually or worse."
176001405,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_._PERSON_ , my sister is here. I know this sounds insane but they won’t leave me alone and they are threatening and harassing me now when I am trying to sleep in my own room. I am only awake because they say they are planning to kill me tonight. That is what _PERSON_, I believe so, said. I hope nothing happens tonight."
176001406,"Almost a year without taking APs and sound as a pound. No psychosis, hardly any negative symptoms (unless you count being naturally lazy), good rapport with those who know me and meet me irl. Reading your stories has reassured me that whilst I can relate to your mental health struggles (I suffer from OCD and occasional depression) and existential anxieties, I don’t really belong in your midst. Without meaning to sound disrespectful or unkind, even the most medicated of you are still more symptomatic than I am without meds. Lots of great people on the forum, that’s what makes it hard for me to say goodbye for good, but ultimately I don’t belong here."
176001407,A feeling that I’m winning battles But losing the war Pervades my existence
176001408,"I understand and appreciate what you say. I was in a similar situation, as you say. The realisation of it as a medical situation — it’s a very very big step. I hope everything works out for you brothers, honestly I do, if I had never experience this - I wouldn’t never appreciate just how strange, and hurtful the entire thing can put you through. Trauma without a basis of external reality - it really is something. May we be all be protected"
176001409,how do or did you describe those manic attacks that lasted a few hours but didn’t last over night or for days? this thread i made explains why i’m asking…
176001410,Go to the gym.im running late.slept in but hopefully I can do something but may be late for class.i only do classes. Hopefully pick a book up from the library. Have Thai food for dinner with a closest loved one.
176001411,"1 cup butter 2 cups chopped celery 2 cups chopped sweet onion 1/4 cup parsley 1 can Cream of Mushroom soup 12 cups unseasoned stuffing mix 1 1/2 teaspoons sage 1 teaspoon thyme 1/2 teaspoon marjoram 1 1/2 teaspoons salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper 4 1/2 cups vegetable broth 2 beaten eggs Melt butter; let onion & celery simmer. Add broth. Cream of Mushroom soup, eggs, and spices. Stir, then add stuffing. Stir regularly and cook for 5 hours."
176001412,"Also if mucuna starts making you itch, then stop it. That’s what happened to me. It caused high hemoglobin (iron) in my blood. Itching is a sign of high iron in the blood. Too much iron is toxic and accumulates in the heart and tissue of the body. Mucuna is known for raising hemoglobin"
176001413,I’m about to set off on a tangent of “swirling about” the things in my house. At the end I hope it looks better than it does now.
176001414,i have a life. it took a very very long time but i have a whole life to live now but i am already 62. but actually its not ancient yet that i am so… maybe it’ll be good. wishing you all much better success than i had especially in taking much less time to climb out of the sz tunnel of darkness. _NAME_
176001415,"I need medication too, People dont understand medication is really vital for people with mental illness, its like there lifeline from insanity to sane."
176001416,Pot makes me psychotic and violent even on meds. Its even worse than off meds!
176001417,"I dont think so, not sure better ask your Dr."
176001418,Hope it works for you!
176001419,I don’t remember. I think so. It’s an alternative to benzos
176001420,What?!?! Is this a new law in NJ? Does this apply to all mental illnesses? Does anyone have answers?
176001421,"It used to be the 8 pints of guiness that would knock me out. Now, like you, its the Seraquol. Sleep like a baby on it."
176001422,"_AT_MENTION_: did you have a breakdown? It felt like my pot smoking led to a tremendous it was all very synchronistic. Based on what I’ve experienced, you would’ve developed sz regardless if you used pot or not, only thing is you wouldn’t have suffered as much as you did."
176001423,"I discontinued because I’m starting treatment with vitamins according to _PERSON_’es protocol (the book “Nutrient power: heal your biochemistry and heal your brain”). My discontinuation symptom is depression, and it started right after I started the “treatment”, which seemed more like poisoning to me."
176001424,I’m on 500mg as well.
176001425,I know so I try to comply even though I don’t want to
176001426,"Some bit of trivia for you. It takes sperm 3 months to fully mature, so if you find a woman and want children at some point, holding it in for that long would ensure they are the most genetically fit you can possibly make. That would generate the fastest, healthiest sperm."
176001427,I feel I have great common sense. I feel like it’s been one of my super powers
176001428,"I find myself short of words, always trying to get out how I feel but end up with statements like ‘i don’t like you very much’ or ‘shes an awful woman’ — it’s so annoying because I used to argue and fight well … I can’t be strong enough to make any impact at all…"
174342031,"60mg of Abilify? Gzuz. When I was on it, I took 15mg. Helped alot at the time."
176001429,I’m a software engineer too. It’s hard at times to deal with the stress. Lately the work load has been easier for me to handle but it’s not always the case. I often consider quitting and looking for an easier job like translator or part-time tutor. You know yourself best. Do what you think is right but don’t push yourself past a certain limit. You might relapse or experience depression.
176001430,I don’t think telling someone they’re not special is the right thing. And I didn’t blame the Bible. Never read the Bible much. Huh. ??? I’m not sure how that applies. I agree with the rest of your post though.
176001431,"Wait, explain that for me please, I don’t think I’m reading your response right, sorry"
174342034,"I think it might have a positive impact right away, after all it is statistically shown to improve some negative symptoms at least a little bit. Knowing that, the placebo effect might give you a boost, even though logically it couldn’t have done much to you even though you just took it. Good ol placebo effect don’t mind if you know about it or not. I think Sarcosine works, you build it up in your system, and it stops working for a bit. I just started taking it again and I’m getting a bit of the old zest back again, like when I first took it. If thats what I gotta do, thats what I gotta do. 6 months on 6months off 6 months on."
176001432,"its complicated, the old system says i can do permitted work, under 16hrs and not earn any more than £140 a week the new benefit is a bit more relaxed stating i could earn nearly £300 a month but anything over that they will take 63p off every pound i earn. I am on the old system atm and this job exceeds the earnings limit so it means i would be taken off my unemployment benefits if i did that unless i can work something out somehow"
176001433,Someone with the same interests. Sensitive. Caring and loyal.
176001434,These two abodes are symbols of mind state.
174342039,I went from 290 lbs to 220 lbs on Topamax in a year.
176001435,I got lasik done. Just need reading glasses sometimes.
176001436,Sounds like you may possibly be psychotic That’s what happened when I was psychotic
176001437,"oh wow, nice =D I like him =3"
174342036,"Oral. Now I take haldol injection, clozapine, Solidon,"
176001438,I like the feeling of pressure. It’s like having tons of quilts on without as much heat.
176001439,"Wonderful, good prose."
174342043,"My mom told me that I am a shame because I have schizophrenia. And told me to shut up and never tell anyone, or I am out from the household. I looked at my diary from 2012 and it said the same thing at that time: “My mom hates me because I am mentally ill.”"
176001440,"Yea _AT_MENTION_, Grab a Cup of Orange Juice And Listen to White Pony (By) The Deftones!. You’ll Feel Better!."
176001441,"I have mood swings, at the moment feeling pretty angry."
176001442,"When I was delusional in the first year of the illness, I heard what I was told was a trial for my soul, and I lost and was sentenced to hell. Most of the scariest hallucinations revolved around believing hell was real and I was going there. Now that I’m no longer delusional, my beliefs have reverted back to their pre-illness state, so I don’t even believe in hell. Not trying to get religious or anything, I know we can’t talk about that here, but I can’t think of a single thing scarier and I think it’s important to let people know that they’re not going to hell… lots of schizophrenics experience that delusion and related hallucinations and they are very distressing but equally untrue. It’s just the disease talking."
176001443,"_AT_MENTION_, _PERSON_ sucks that way keeping us up all night like that. I take Seroquel 100 mg, Melatonin 6 mg, and Trazodone 100 mg every night to help me sleep. And sometimes I add Klonipin 0.5 mg to that mix too. Works like a charm."
176001444,"Not gonna lie, facebook has become pretty trashy, at least in my area. I try to not go on because of it, it kinda depresses me to see people airing out personal problems like infidelity and stuff. There is love out there though, true love. Youll find it one day"
176001445,Also there is a thing called Molka were girls were film covertly through webcabs or in the toliet in south korea.
176001446,You should talk to o doc and see if there is anything they can give you to relieve the restless legs
176001447,The doc wont let me decrease the med dosage or even chajge to pills
176001448,I’ve never been admitted to a psych hospital.
176001449,"I’m not saying I’m one, but I heard the term before especially on the weird side of youtube: basically, people that sleep and dream and enter and live in other realities. There’s probably other terms for it. I think I’ve done it. Like can’t tell if it’s real or not or prove it 100%, but after I die, I do live on in another reality just like this one. This reality could be the one I entered into in at 2011/2013 via mind travel after I died in the supposed future, where I looped back in time. Not sure why I’m sharing this, but I wanted to know if anyone here or any schizophrenics, think they’ve actually went to physical realities before and remember them just like it was real and is real. Not saying hallucinations or delusions or perceptual problems, but actual legit reincarnation. I think it’s pointless, useless, and senseless and purposeless to try and prove the technology behind it or talk about it or try to figure it out. I just wanted to know if anyone else can jump into altern
ative, other, or different, or even the same realities like I can? I seem to loop back in time, but not always I assume. I’ve been to the future and back and ?????? up and strange realities just as real or more ?????? up and real than this supposed one. It scares me because I know it’s just me resetting and rebooting and crap like a video game."
176001450,"I love being alone and living alone. I’ve been alone in my new, totally cool apartment since February 19th and I’m like totally digging it. And as all can tell, I’m older, and yes, life does have “more worth” or peace and tranquility as you get older."
176001451,Thanks for the like _AT_MENTION_ . I needed that.
176001452,"Ah yeah I agree tbh, it’s made me a little lazier given it’s a body high rather than “mental” high. I’m a cigarette smoker anyway so the habit side of things I guess I’m used to. A friend just mentioned that these new feelings etc I’ve been experiencing are related to having a new chemical in my system. Haven’t had a call back from my psychiatrist yet tho, so I’m hoping she’ll say the same. Best case scenario, they only last a short time and I can combat them with the hemp. That’s my thought anyway."
176001453,"Ok. I hope you get back on track with your diet. I think that is important to avoid depression. You don’t have to drop junk food alltogether, but maybe try to limit it to a couple of times a week, or maybe just the weekend and then try and stick to healthy foods for the most part the rest of the time. Yeah sleep is very important, that is the fundamental basis for good health. I hope you get things sorted out with your doc."
176001454,Oh yeah…sloths!! I just love how slow they are
176001455,I am delusional. Is there any way to cope while waiting on proper meds?
176001456,Motorcycles are dangerous on the highway. If I had one I wouldn’t go far or fast with it. I know a guy who got his lungs perforated from a motorcycle accident.
176001457,I called it ”Scared to sleep”
176001458,Yeah Sci Fi Lullabies Disc 1 is insane. High Rising is one of my favourite songs. All the _NAME_ era stuff is quality. Would love to see an alternative reality where the band stick by _NAME_. That said I love Coming Up’s catchy-ness and production sound. But I don’t think they’ve ever matched the artistry of the _NAME_ era stuff. At least not in an album.
176001459,Didnt know I needed something like this till now haha but I think this is just what I need! Thanks _AT_MENTION_!
176001460,"You have to report your earnings. If its under $910 per month, it doesn’t count as a work trial. Best way to try to figure it out is to go to SSA website and review their info on it. The SSA system is very complicated and hard to understand. Plus other people can give you bad info. That’s why I recommend looking at their site."
176001461,Wait I’m being watched? How do you know? Who sent you seriously who are you leave me alone
176001462,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ .
176001463,All of them…
174342048,"Clozapine is a very strong ap with several serious side effects so it must only be taken as last resort. There are several other aps to try before trying clozapine. Geodon, risperidone and many others there."
176001464,"Can’t they just buy em online, San Fran residents. What’s the point of banning sales Just lose out on tax revenue Well maybe they’re encouraging vapers to go back to smoking tobacco but that would be dumb right?"
176001465,"I don’t care to be wealthy, I have everything I need – I just want true love and some cash in my pocket and a nice car"
176001466,That is good for you. When i would have listen my life would be much worse.
176001467,Very exciting for you _AT_MENTION_. Hope it all goes well for you in the move etc. Much peace.
176001468,I gave up caffeine and became a morning person for about 6 weeks. I’m still off caffeine but now get up around noon.
176001469,When I got onto computers it gave me vertigo. I used to be pretty good about dealing with heights. I’ve also had all these irrational fears. That kind of anxiety is painful and debilitating. I hate it.
176001470,Where I live there is no choice of doctor. You get who you’re given. The services are too stretched to facilitate such a request
176001471,"Thanks… I think if people want a country that acts. (I understand that this is not the case for everyone.) It starts with the levying of taxes, investment, and redistribution of wealth. I am not giving my opinion, I think it’s a fact that a country that wants to act is giving itself the means. I can imagine that tax rate was very different during _PERSON_’s presidency compared to another, more contemporary one. I think that here there is a different way of dealing with money, capitalism, etc. I couldn’t tell. Maybe we here have a problem with money. (maybe a cliché, I don’t know.). Maybe it’s more “administrative” in my country. Don’t know. What I can say is that the Communists and Socialists (with the National Council of Resistance) at the end of WW2 had a big role. And then there were also major reforms. But I don’t think everything is going well here, far from it. I do believe that different economic and political systems can be good on different aspects."
176001472,All the time I make such funny jokes.
174342049,Ill look into those and mention it to the pdoc this month. Im on abilify injection but it doesnt do much pos or neg for me really.
176001473,"I bet they hate me, but I have no choice. They watch through cameras and they read my messages. Houses don’t belong to anyone in reality. they re part of the set"
176001474,It helped me find a great community of people who can help me organize my thinking and learn more about my illness and ways to cope with symptoms. Seeing others who are living happy lives despite this condition gave me hope and helped me find a group of people to have good conversations with.
174342042,"I can see that, “grattitude impacts attitude” and attitude shapes perception. Perception effects mood. Mood effects choices. Choices effect life"
176001475,It feels like I can only use a small part of the brain at a time and it feels like air pockets in my tear ducts but it’s been going on for 8 years and it’s so bad it prevents me from even seeking help it’s like that part of the brain is turned off I can’t go see a nuerlogist the brain just blocks that thought
176001476,The best invention is Agriculture.
176001477,"I have an electric bicycle I feel like it’s as dangerous as a motorbike I get to 30mph down hills sometimes and feel amazing but I slow down almost as quick I try to keep it 25 or lower Picking up all sorts of safety tips along the way, like crossing a road across a cycle lane (stop) I’m a bad driver too. But I now know part of the reason I have this thing in my head that goes, gogogogogo I need to stop that instinct completely and have my first instinct Stopstopstopstop stop"
176001478,"Stressful situations , and know emotion."
176001479,What do you do to calm down/stay grounded?
176001480,Soak your feet in some epsom salts if you have them. It can make a huge difference. I recently developed peripheral neuropathy in my feet and soaking them for a half hour before bed helps so much.
176001481,Same here for now I don’t believe in angels because I don’t know what it is. But I like to joke that I’m an angel although I have no full understanding or full idea of them.
176001482,Please stop spamming the forum with IQ threads.
174342044,"I used to work full time until I went on disability in 2003. I am never consistently okay throughout the day, and throughout the week. I have sza w mixed bipolar, ptsd, and gad w agoraphobia. I have a desire to work, at times, but I’m realistic. I’m too sick, for now, both physically and mentally. Hope this helps."
176001483,"The top ones are Panasonic, LG, Sony and Samsung. They have the best cells."
176001484,I used to get anxious. However I know her quite well now so I don’t anymore.
176001485,nice to hear you doing better. Hope things keep improving.
174342051,I’m on Abilify Maintena instead.
176001486,"Thats a good idea. _PERSON_ had therapy in awhile. I think I get a set number of free sessions, like 3 or something. Better than nothing"
176001487,"Your voices are religious because deep down so are you. Your voices are reflections of your subconscious being vocalised. If you were interested, or had another religious background then they would then be reflective of that and the voices would follow that trait. Knowing this can help you stop seeing the voices as supernatural or spiritual. They are simply a sign of scientific mental illness personified in your original beliefs. If I was into sci-fi then the voices could be aliens, or if I was fascinated by intelligence agencies and espionage movies then I would hear or hallucinate FBI or CIA delusions. Look at this scientifically, as your doctor does then you can gain insight."
176001488,6 hospital stays- usually 2 months in length.
176001489,_AT_MENTION_ . I was like many hard done by this sites policy back in the day but it’s been a long time gone… I have no issue with the mods these days. Yeah I get the odd ban and I think that is shite but I live through it and get by. It’s not something I need to fight these days… Years ago I think I ended up coming here to fight people… Some not my fault but still. I don’t think that was constructive…actually I know that wasn’t constructive to the site as a whole. I think we all together make our world here. Just add to it and don’t fight it. I’ll never be the same as anyone else here but our differences aren’t the issue. Our things that bind us together really are… Come and look forward to supporting the community. Don’t come here to fight others. I know you can get some pleasure on trying to be right but that is always such a fickle thing. Come and support yourself and others…Truly we’ll all be better off and so will you. Just a thought.
174342055,It’s like having a massive headache for every minute of every day for 38 years. But a hundred times worse.
176001490,lol! So true!..
176001491,I used to be really slim but when I got put on Olanzapine I put on 35 kilos. I want to be attractive again and be a normal weight. I have lost 10 kilos but need to do more
176001492,I doubt schizophrenics would be allowed to take it.
176001493,I stopped mine. Didnt like how it felt.
176001494,"Voted nothing not counting shopping, chores, reading and gaming. My life is on hold until I force myself to do a graphic design for my portfolio that has only six entries so far. And I’m only happy with 2 of them."
176001495,"O.k. Everyone, Back to Our Regularly Scheduled Program"
176001496,I wonce said to this gal that was mad at the world. I said get your face out your p…sy and tell me what wrong. she stoped and broke down and told me. she hadn’t any love for years and was unhappey with everthing. I know It was time for a well check. but how…!
176001497,Hi _AT_MENTION_ do you like your new place?
176001498,"Yeah, I always take an extra Ativan when I go see him."
176001499,It’s the truth. No thanks needed but appreciated.
176001500,Yes that’s a huge topic! In paranoia I had a therapist say: ‘Don’t trust yourself so much’. Guess that’s universal with us Sz.
176001501,electricity coursing through my body and pulsating the back of my head by my ears and especially the floor moves.
176001502,Can’t you apply for Medicaid?
176001503,"I know cutting is not the best way, and I want to try find other ways to reduce it. If I cut because of feeling stormy and in agony, it’s a momentary thing and I can put ice against my arm, and it will help because the storm passes quickly. But if it’s because I feel dead, like last night, then it’s harder, because I want the pain to be prolonged. With cutting/scratching I feel the sting for longer than if I had to use ice. But if I find another way then I will try it… yes I plan to talk to a therapist soon. It’s not that I want to seek attention - the scars are very faint so when scratches heal they become invisible. I hide my cuts from others. But yes I know I must speak to someone. Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ for your replies. I appreciate it!"
176001504,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176001505,"Changing it back!? Check is in the mail. I like that one But sry , the check is just a donation , while you really need to pay 3 cat pics to get this done Just kidding I’m not the boss round here Just some joking I find it interesting at ~515 am you would come to the revelation to change your tag line so abruptly Hope all is well!!"
176001506,"???? happens. I fear the same all the time, I don’t think it’s within our control to not have repeated setbacks due to psychosis"
176001507,Wishing and praying for the best.
176001508,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_ that means a lot to me"
176001509,I will be sure to change my name an avatar 10 times.
176001510,dont worry its ok
174342054,Everybody’s got a theory about schizophrenia it seems …
176001511,I’ve gotten some great results from exercising more. It takes a lot to get going but once you do it regularly it gets easier for sure. I think it’s something we all should be doing!
176001512,"Thus Statement You Have Made _AT_MENTION_, Holds Some Truth. My Most Massive Complaint With Medication Compliance Was Insight, & Creativity. Without Meds, I Can Pick up My Acoustic Guitar And Sing 15 Min. Songs Off The Top of My Head. Like Song’s That Make Absolutely No Sense And Confuse All The Gods & Goddesses. And Later on Down The Road When I Listen to Them Again, (After Recording Them While Playing Endlessly), They Would Even Confuse Me. AND THEY CAME FROM ME!. So it Was a Fascinating Landscape of Creativity. But There Was Mountains of Individuals Who Wanted Me to Suffer. And I Fought With Everything. And Everybody Ended up Losing. Pretty Much Everything. But With Meds. I have a New Clear Focus. So I Weighed My Options And Chose Meds. Couldn’t Be Happier. And in The World We All Live in Now. Those of us With Thus Illness Have No Other Choice. In Order to Coexist Peacefully. IMHO."
176001513,"Nothing but stuff happens. Don’t blame G_d. Maybe its the cosmic force, or karma. They say you are free in your new life. work with Him and it."
174342059,This is so sad. I remember that when I had my first psychotic episode I was 16. No one tried to help me. My mom forced me to pray and told me that I was possessed. I was terrified and no one understood me. Thank God that I was admitted and received treatment.
176001514,"I’m outie, _PHONE_NO_"
176001515,"It doesn’t say if they were inpatient the whole 8 months or not. But I bet even just getting more support from the tutors or whatever they called the people helping them, definitely played a role."
176001516,interesting. i talk to myself so i can think clearly because i hear voices almost always. i even dare to do it at work or the supermarket. nobody says anything to me about it so that’s good. _NAME_
176001517,image1080×810 239 KB image1080×1440 476 KB I can finally take the paints off my kitchen table. Wow that took a long time!
176001518,"Other websites don’t let me post this, but it really is true!!!"
176001520,"i cant understand it, maybe something is wrong with them."
176001521,Here is face I been seeing a lot recentlyimage2039×2894 844 KB Most of my art is my psychosis and Delusions
176001522,"Good luck with Vraylar, keep us updated on how it works out."
176001523,Almost everyone hates me here
174342057,Up to you or you can try abilify apparently there are people here who suffer from extreme sexual desire boost from eating a high dose of abilify.maybe that’s what you like judging from your post The medicine in the negative zone already decreases prolactin naturally you don’t need more supplement
176001524,"I don’t want to give you excuses, but you have major mental illness, and your family should understand this."
176001525,"In Dialectical Behavior Therapy I’ve been learning how to experience thoughts and emotions nonjudgmentally because I was always telling myself how bad my thoughts about others and myself were. I felt like I was a piece of sh it always being critical of what others did or said, but even more condemning of my own thoughts and behaviors. DBT has helped me learn to let those things finally go and I feel a lot better about myself since."
176001526,I think my cousin got this for generalised anxiety because she gets really anxious to the point she’s even fainted a few times. My dad used to get it too (visually impaired ) … he couldn’t drive but mum did drive him places … this person once put a letter in our car on the front to say he should be ashamed of himself cos he looked fine but he was legally (partially ) blind. It made me so angry.
176001527,Basically ‘go away’ Insulting
176001528,Period. End of story. No doubt about it. SPECIFICALLY Amyloban 3399. Very specifically that. Trust me. This is the best thing by far that you can take.
176001529,"What is your diagnosis by the dr? Is it bipolar depression type 2? The first drug clomipramine is used for the depression part which helps with the mood, OCD, anxiety etc while the second drug lamotrigine is an anti-epileptic medication which is also used for the mania or hypomania part of the bipolar. The specialty of bipolar depression is there is cyclic swing between hypomania and depression states so if take the antidepressant during hypomania state it can get worse this is why doctor changed medication. But both useful. Clomipramine when mood low or depression and lamotrigine if feel like going to manic mode."
176001530,"I’ve got a genius niece, and 2 nieces who can sing well, and a niece who’s a nurse with a daughter of her own (along with one possibly on the way). This is after growing up with 2 brothers (one a twin), 3 step-brothers, 2 step-fathers, a father who played the banjo, taught philosophy and history, and later became a inn-keeper, 5 Uncles, and 2 male dogs (my Mom was the only female.) Now with my Dad’s death and Mom’s 3 divorces my two brothers are the last 2 significant males in my life increasingly outnumbered by females one of who may be gay or trans. but is interested in taking classes on child development. There have been 3 sets of twins in the last 3 generations (fortunately not in the new one so far.) And oh by the way both of my brothers have musical talent but are not good enough for prime time. (they don’t play the banjo.)"
174342068,"So I am thinking about how I can apply myself better as a schizophrenic. I managed to set up a website offering voluntary services in advice, maths tuition and massage, but haven’t had any responses yet. I got a form for volunteering at the Oxfam bookshop again, but still feel too restless.at the moment. I did a peer support course at a recovery college a couple of years ago, but have yet to follow it up. “Look up at the mountain, I have to climb, guess I’ll take my time”"
176001531,Are you in therapy? Maybe that could help you gain more coping skills.
176001532,Give me a new tag line _AT_MENTION_ based on what you read of me and my posts! Anything will suffice Ps Internet’s too slow for cat pics
176001533,"I really hope my dad sends me extra money so I can make my mozzarella salad. It’s healthy and it makes me feel so good, even when I binge it. It’s just tomato, spinach and mozzarella in layers. But I feel so healthy when I eat it and I haven’t had it for months."
176001534,My upper left gums are swollen and hurting me. I read that tooth or gum infections can enter the blood streams and shut your organs down and kill you. It can cause sepsis and be fatal. Im freaking out right now and wont be able to see a dentist until monday.
176001535,image1000×1000 75.5 KB
176001536,Municipal water utilities do a good job of filtering that. What worries me are the pharmaceuticals people dump into the toilet. That stuff sticks around.
176001537,My case manager is supposed to call me and talk to me about how I’m doing and help me. Also set me up with a new treatment team for counseling. I also need to talk to her about finding out about seeing if I’m dyslexic since I have many problems with reading…
174342069,https://www.medwirenews.com/mental-health/psychotic-disorders/childhood-social-functioning-predicts-schizophrenia-risk/117634 alert.psychnews.org Early Decline in Social Functioning Said to Predict Long-term Outcome in... Social functioning appears to be a useful indicator of long-term outcome in people with psychotic disorders and may be an important treat...
176001538,"Sometimes they are even more louder than everyday noises. I hear them in my head, so internal voices. Most of them are internal voices but they are so loud. They are also very haunting and feel very real."
176001539,"Well, if no one’s bothering you, you’ve got it great. I’ve had a horrible year, just from people harassing me. I don’t know, it’s hard to think of things, so you’re not bored."
176001540,"I only have sciatica and high cholesterol. I am losing weight since working doing manual labour, but this is only temporary. I hope for the gym to open soon so I can start swimming again"
176001541,10 mg aripriprazole
176001542,"I have one of those bottles you squeeze to get the water out. I put my pills in my mouth and squeeze the bottle so the water forces the pill down my throat. I don’t think you should stop taking your medication. I understand it’s difficult, but you need to ride it out until you can talk to your pdoc about it."
176001543,"Well, keep in mind every one on this website is used to worrying, mostly about a buncha crap that does not matter … I’ve heard people talk about this disease and it ain’t no joke — if you have to question about having it, you probably don’t"
176001544,I see a psychoanalyst for some months now. I like it
176001545,Yeah I don’t have the best prescriber lol _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
176001546,What is minimum wage in your state?
176001547,"Two brothers, one doubting by name, both hard workers, are preoccupied with shuffling, the mathematical ring, which is in part a mathematical group, a set of shuffles, algebra, made still in the form of a metal ring that is given at marriage. The body, a torus, the topological ring, is the one ring that rules them all, as above so below, reflecting the structure of the universe around its origin. The ring of power, that Sauron sought, was the universe itself, which the doubters cannot decide whether is good or evil. In the book, the Lord of the Rings, Frodo throws it into the fire in the mountain, returning it to its source, forgoing it for ever, thus the _PERSON_ of the _PERSON_ turns out to be a religious book after all. Thank you."
174342064,"It reduces dopamine indirectly due to acetylcholine. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41398-018-0192-9#:~:text=There%20is%20evidence%20that%20clozapine,25%20and%20neurologic26%20conditions. PubMed Central (PMC) Clozapine for the management of persistent catatonia PubMed Central (PMC) Clozapine responsive catatonia: A series of five cases The main objective of presenting the case series is that despite dramatic symptomatic response by intra venous lorazepam or electro convulsive therapy irrespective of primary diagnosis in catatonia cases some cases remain difficult to treat by..."
176001548,I’m like a bear with an itch when it comes to some things .
176001549,We lost mum nearly 2 years ago. She was a rock and a great women. We all miss her and it’s never easy.
176001550,"Looking good, very nice."
176001551,Maybe just say that then?
176001552,Haha. Cute. Sounds hilarious
176001553,I think it the depends on the mood the drunk is in
176001554,"Of solipsism, _NAME_ show, matrix, philosophical zombies, video game."
176001555,The sad part is none of your thoughts benefit you. They only hurt you. Realize you are schizophrenic and move on from your thoughts. Do something productive. I think you are very intelligent.
176001556,"I was on clozapine for over a year, you have to have your blood taking every week for 6 months, then every 2 weeks for the next 6 months. Then once you reach a year you can get blood work done once a month. great med, had to get of it because of terrible restless legs."
174342072,Did you try Abilify?
176001557,"Spiritual things like that happen when people are suffering, I believe. My aunt passed away last fall, and before there was a lot of misfortune in my life, I thought I was dieing, and I was having voices telling me I was, conversations so crystal clear. I believed it for over a half a year. When my aunt passed away, two months later I had a psychotic break and I thought my dead relatives were calling me to heaven with them, I almost went in the hospital but I begged the staff not to admit me and sat there for 2 hours not coherent, until I snapped out of it, and started taking Depakote because I thought I was going to die in the hospital so I refused to go. Then a couple weeks later, I talked to her spirit for around a half hour _USER_ID_: it was before thanksgiving I talked to her spirit, before the depakote"
176001558,From her demeanor it seems that she is more knowledgeable on psychosis than my last therapist. But few private therapists around here take on psychotic clients. Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176001559,"Nope. My government is better than most governments, I think. But i still dont trust them. I think most people in high power jobs everywhere are psychopathic and seek power and their own benefit more than good things for the world. And are just not to be trusted. I think they especially ignore longterm goals for humanity and other beings. I dont have the idea that they want to hurt me personally…I think they (we) mess up the entire earth. Not me specifically."
176001560,maybe you should try to stick to one psychiatrist and obey their med regimens? I think you haven’t tried the right meds yet.
176001561,Often atheists are depressed because they have nothing. Like _PERSON_.
176001562,This delusional experience I’m having is making things somewhat more difficult than normal for me
176001563,man you are like leaping around like there’s no gravity !! please keep a close watch on your illness…it might start sneaking up. at least that’s what I’m afraid for you for.
176001564,Hi _AT_MENTION_ . Your profile is hidden so i can not send you pm. That s why i have ask from here. ? want to study spanish too. Can you advice me any book please
176001565,My complaint: why do bidets not come standard in every bathroom in America?
176001567,"I had shopping addiction from Abilify. Now its gone with Risperdal. I don’t like using my credit card if I don’t have money in the bank. Anyways now I don’t have disability money, no bank account and no credit card. I lost 100 000+ because of Abilify. I bought a 3000 gaming computer and a 2000$ gaming laptop. Also a 700$ cellphone. I am only using my phone out of all those. I gave my laptop to my mother. Now I regret all the stupid stuff I did while on Abilify."
174342078,"Tried many searches, couldn’t find anything. Is there something one’s psychiatrist can show them that proves they’ve been officially diagnosed with schizophrenia?"
174342083,"OUP Academic Interrelationships Between BDNF, Superoxide Dismutase, and Cognitive... Abstract. The pathogenesis and etiology of schizophrenia (SCZ) remains unclear. Accumulating studies showed that complex interrelationships between brain-deriv"
176001568,One thing that helps me stay up once I’ve awakened: a strong cup of black tea (2 bags) with half and half and sweetener.
176001569,Been feeling suicidal and talked to staff where I live. They suggested I ring emergency mental health services so I did. When I rang the lady just said talk to the staff where i live that’s what they’re there for. She didnt even ask me if i was okay or safe. I’m very disappointed in them. I feel like for people to understand I need to be dead
176001570,It looks like they only have 1500mcg I live in california
176001571,"Sucks being under governmental control. But, as you say, prison life is worse(the ultimate gov’t control) and starvation isn’t all that great either. The lesser of evils. Historically, before SS, and the ruination of the family, family took care of the sick and/or infirm. Isn’t modern western civilization wonderful? Nutcase"
176001572,Netflix or computer games
176001573,"No contact details, no avdertising, no encouraging delusions. You can not contact people about your upcoming services in any way, nor in any way ask others to contact you about them, nor share your website in PMs or on the forum, nor start threads about your services. Sorry. This thread is OK since you don’t actually have any services at the moment and you’re not sharing links or contact info."
176001574,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001575,good thing I am extremely skinny and actually need to gain weight!!!
176001576,I’m doing okay sweetums. Just messing around. Keep on trucking. That’s all we can do.
176001577,"Whenever I take benzo, I feel special after a while. I feel strong, seeing clearly truth, a bit dizzy, like having drunk with 2 or 3 drinks etc. My taste in mouth changes, when I have taken benzo. I can’t explain"
176001578,Perphenazine was the first medication I was ever given. I loved it. It made me feel like I had slept for days. But it caused a real problem with muscle control. I probably needed some cogentin too.
174342075,I take clozapine. I drool and I have constipation. I take 500 mgs a day.
176001579,"I feel yea man, life sucks, but people have it worse so i guess i have appreciate things more."
176001580,Yes but I was wondering if its possible that they give the wrong drugs on purpose ??
176001581,well if you obsessively play guitar atleast you will become good at guitar so that seems fine
176001582,"Yeah for me I’m starting to think it was the years of medication. Whenever I’ve tried to go off them my hold on reality gets shaky, if I stay on them everything stays in place. I’ve negotiated myself to a dose that I consider low and it works for me."
176001583,Did you notice a difference right after your first dose or took few days to get better
176001584,"Image may contain: one or more people, text that says ""NO ONE IS USELESS IN THIS WORLD WHO LIGHTENS THE BURDENS OF ANOTHER... ANLETH ANGEL TEATHERS TICKLE""524×720 60.8 KB"
176001585,"I would mix your stuff if I was at a house party, some of it is pretty good."
176001586,500×557 55.3 KB
174342082,"This trend of Clozapine/Depot stretches back much further. I made this thread after seeing yet again a statement in my GP clinic letter on refusing Depot and Clozapine recommended also Probably started around 2016 when I was on my 4th AP. The doctor then was losing patience with me not being able to find a drug that worked. Literally our last ditch attempt was Amisulpride as number 6, and thankfully it works for now. My compliance issues used to be side effects like weight gain and fatigue, but then it was movement problems on Haldol, and now prolactin on Amisulpride. Some good news though. Last weekend I managed to make a conscious effort not to get myself in a spin over the weekend - and it worked"
176001587,Trouble walking basically
176001588,"i for real want to kill myself, what is the issue with that? im sorry for it but i cant help but tell the truth also those hotlines never help me, ive tried."
176001589,We’re _NAME_ fans in our house. Ocarina of time is my favorite. Breath of the wild was pretty awesome of course. We are a Nintendo family. All of us play animal crossing new horizons. It’s very relaxing for all ages.
176001590,LS! 1 Go to the gym with the female Amsterdam Fountainhouse sports instructor 2 Read 70 pages to finish the book about Shingon Buddhism (it drags on) 3 Eat my 250 grams of protein for my strength training/bodybuilding
174342087,"Okay so my therapist thinks y’all are bad for me, he also thinks I don’t have schizophrenia I’ve been dignossed by two psychiatrists who both say I have schizophrenia, he also don’t listen all that well and directs the conversation however he wants and says my dad was a drug addict when he don’t know my dad! My dad, grandpa, and great uncle all have/had schizophrenia! Who is he to say all of that!"
176001591,"SoundClick Ave _NAME_ (Barbra Streisand Voiceover Remix) by Dj Fusion Star The best independent music community on the net. Listen to music, buy and sell beats and albums. #Jesus #AveMaria I ripped the _PERSON_s version and sung top of it - the most emotional version of Ave _NAME_!"
176001592,"Yeah, not me either, I have been jumping between sizes so I need a double wardrobe. I’m at the upper, hoping to shed some weight. Guess I need to watch what I eat and excersise a couple of days each week."
176001593,That’s good to know. Thanks. I’m super worried about not having my meds it’s giving me such bad anxiety. I hope i can find new insurance and new doctor quick.
176001594,It was. I couldn’t handle the fever. I was in hospital for a bit. I had fluids and meds for the aches and pain.
174342085,What’s differential engagement in wikipedia Abilify?
176001595,How you got psychosis? Did it caused by some drugs or something else?
176001596,Paranoia ruined masterbation for me. Haven’t been able to do that in years. I think there are cameras everywhere but my wife gives me plenty of sex. So I have no complaints aside from occasional _NAME_. Thanks antipsychotics.
176001597,"I watched movie and had din dins, now i’m listening music."
176001598,"PubMed Central (PMC) Exercising Your Brain: A Review of Human Brain Plasticity and... Human beings have an amazing capacity to learn new skills and adapt to new environments. However, several obstacles remain to be overcome in designing paradigms to broadly improve quality of life. Arguably, the most notable impediment to this goal is... Although myriad examples of highly specific learning exist, only a handful of training paradigms have been established where learning seems more general. These learning paradigms are typically more complex than laboratory manipulations and correspond to real-life experiences, such as action video game training, musical training, or athletic training. I do really like the Assassin’s _NAME_ and Grand Theft Auto games. Haven’t played them in more than a year. I exercise 1-2 hours a day. I’ve never played a musical instrument before."
176001599,"I take seroquel 25mg daily at bedtime, It did not give me “hangovers” like what you described. Maybe everybody reacts to it differently."
176001600,My sister has had several and she thinks Fitbit is the best. It has a more accurate heartrate monitor. The steps tracker is accurate if you swing your arms when you walk. I’m toying with buying the Fitbit inspire HR. How does it sync with MyFitnessPal?
176001601,"Just know this. Answer the questions truthfully (meaning what you really think the answer is.) they know a lot of people will lie on purpose thinking if they fail it they will get disability. They have algorithms in the test to show if someone is trying to cheat the system and you would be denied if you do that. Just relax, breath and take the test."
176001602,I have symptoms every day but they are not the kind that put me in the hospital. The ones without meds do.
176001603,I’m doing ok thanks Om and you?
176001604,"That really sucks, i know. I’ve always had problems with my stomach and I’m pretty sure it’s IBS. I haven’t been diagnosed but I’ve had way too many moments of rushing to the bathroom and almost not making it. It’s not a fun way to live."
176001605,"_AT_MENTION_ takes fluphenazine and cogentin for sleep with invega. Fluphenazine is sz med, but works as sleep aid. I’ll consider it if I have to stop clonazepam at some point"
176001606,"Hello everyone! I hope you’re all doing well. I will try to start spending more time moderating on the forum but I will have to limit my typing (so no long responses from me which is maybe a good thing ). I ended up with an ergonomic injury affecting my right shoulder and arm which is impacting my ability to type, especially since I’m right-handed. I should be able to respond to things like flags, using my left hand although I might be a little slow."
176001607,I’ve got good experiences with https://blacktiecbd.net and canna comforts. It doesn’t work for everyone one but personally for me it beats addictive opiate based pain pills.
176001608,What’s the usual timeframe of a med to start working?
176001609,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ 15
174342089,I hate the _USER_ID_ against mental illnesses. I never tell anyone that I was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder.
176001610,My morning mindfulness has 3 components. The third component is reminding myself of all the good in my life.
176001611,"With avoiding political commentary, the current president of the U.S. mentioned he wanted to build long term mental institutions again. Some of his words toward us sufferers were less than kind. I doubt that will solve the mass shooting problems."
176001612,"quackwatch.org – 5 Feb 08 Disciplinary Action against _NAME_, D.C. | Quackwatch _NAME_, D.C. operates The Health and Wellness Center in _NAME_, _NAME_, has been reprimanded, fined $1,500, and ordered to stop using and promoting Body ResponseTechnique (BRT), Nambudripad's Allergy Elimination Technique (NAET), Contact..."
174342086,Have you tried Clozapine?
176001613,I can feel my belief in conspiracy theories increasing…
176001614,I am aged and fading but I love all of you as much as I can. You are great to share with.
176001615,"Ah yes, that is what i thought you meant by flashing, but i didn’t want to presume. Sometimes difference places have differences in meaning for certain slang, but i’m happy (or unhappy) to say that flashing does indeed mean the same thing here. As for the hacking - is there any way you can buy a programme or so something to block this unwanted intrusion?"
176001616,My county just issued a shelter in place order. I’m really scared you guys.
176001617,In 2012 when I relapsed I had a crying breakdown at work and couldn’t hide it. It’s hard to hide crying spells but when my depression of the numb type or not so bad I can smile and laugh and hide it well. Same with voices. If they’re bad I talk back to them and have agitated expression but if they not too bad I can hide it.
176001618,"thank you, friends. i hope things work out for all of us, like healing from our wounds as well as from sz. hugs, _NAME_"
176001619,"I know that people in the streets and my neighbours comment through the wall at my thoughts. Definitely at my spoken words. I don’t know what the “broadcasting system” is though. Like, I know why I am “broadcasting” (adrenochrome theory) but not where the signal goes. Something to do with the “realm of consciousness.”"
176001620,My lifeeeee and love for life
176001621,My previous pdoc had me on 80 mg of Prozac. He said that is the max dose.
176001622,I’m currently losing weight because there is something wrong with my digestive system. I’m not exercising.
176001623,"Hi _AT_MENTION_, diamond painting is fairly new, its been around for a few years now. You can get them outside of the USA. I am in Australia, more and more places seem to be stocking them now. Two websites you can order from are https://www.aliexpress.com/ and http://www.wish.com. I prefer the former as its cheaper on postage. There are a lot of others that you can google. Thanks for sharing your pictures"
176001624,so proud of you !! as a guitarist I am humbled…I wish we were neighbors and _AT_MENTION_ could play drums for us…
174342096,"“Through the mTOR pathway, lumateperone augments both NMDA and AMPA activity.” en.wikipedia.org Lumateperone Lumateperone (INN; brand name Caplyta k?p-LY-t?, developmental codes ITI-007 and ITI-722) is a butyrophenone atypical antipsychotic developed by Intra-Cellular Therapies, licensed from Bristol-Myers Squibb, for the treatment of schizophrenia, and currently in development for bipolar depression and other neurological indications. On December 20, 2019, the United States Food and Drug Administration approved lumateperone for use in adult schizophrenic patients. The drug is expected to be ready fo..."
174342091,"Risperidone, but we’re planning on getting me off it because the abilify is working so well"
176001625,"Another one (calculator.net) I checked said I need to lose 75lbs, 34kg."
176001626,"The tincture was intestinal tract defense by herb pharm,"
176001627,"Invega made me super paranoid and delusional. So yes, I think it’s possible."
176001628,"Meanwhile … CNBC – 14 Mar 20 _PERSON_ tests negative for coronavirus, White House doctor says _PERSON_ had said earlier Saturday that he had taken a test for the coronavirus and was awaiting results. He said he had decided he would do so after a press conference Friday, in which he was pressed on whether he would take a test. U.S. – 14 Mar 20 Spanish PM's wife has tested positive for coronavirus: PM's offfice _PERSON_, the wife of Spanish Prime minister _NAME_, has tested posit..."
176001629,Aren’t you receiving benefits for having mental illness? That’s your compensation right there.
176001630,"I know. I get discriminated against too. Right now there are people lying about me, just because they don’t want me to have money. It’s so funny, when I worked about 30 years, no one was lying about me. They expect people to believe, when you get old, your character suddenly changes? They’re just greedy liars, who like causing problems. They want you to hate yourself. They don’t deserve the satisfaction."
176001631,"The lifetime risk of suicide for people with schizophrenia is about 5%, WebMD Schizophrenia Prognosis Our understanding and treatment of schizophrenia have come a long way. Learn more about the prognosis for someone with schizophrenia and their chances of recovery."
176001632,"I understand what you say, at least combine it with an AP, only Zoloft is not good for you, the manic don’t feel happiness all the time but many of them feel like you and sertraline is bad for this condition and makes things worse,"
176001633,Too many times.
176001634,That’s great. Hopefully that will give you a little boost and you’ll start to feeling better.
174342097,"My CPN who gives me my depot jabs at home - told me at least 90% of schizophrenics hes dealt with - use cannabis or alcohol to self-medicate their symptoms. I myself have got alcohol abuse on the clinic letter as well as Schizophrenia (F20.0) and EUPD Traits. I think it just goes with the territory. _PERSON_ enough - they said they dont mind me drinking, so long as its in moderation. But I quit anyway."
176001635,Based on your experience what was your hospital stay really like? Was it frightening or pleasant ?
174342105,No. clozapine is an antipsychotic and clonazepam is a benzo. I dont take clonazepam
176001636,I prefer my old good voices. That’s my socializing
176001637,"yeah i quit for a week once and i heard sweet silence, no more mind reading voices commenting on my thoughts or accusations. smoking cigars is stupid anyway, i really should quit. I don’t think i’m a satanist, i do listen to rock music and do things that are considered sinful though. Its really concerning cause i have a fear of being a satanist."
176001638,Good morning. I hope you are well. Today’s a new day to get through a shorter amount of discomfort. The edge of the last difficulty can only grow weaker as your abilities automatically serve your highest purpose.
176001639,Just call 911 then if u feel uneasy or however u cba get the feds
176001640,"Digital storage, Solid State Drive. It doesn’t have moving parts like HDD (Hard Disk Drive)."
176001641,"Yep, it does! And I?m sure they could find something more entertaining to replace it."
176001642,"You need to teach me how to have these sexual interactions that make you feel better. If they don’t make you feel good anymore, maybe it is time to stop."
176001643,"Ya, being alone gets old."
176001644,too bad I am too scared to try new meds lol
176001645,Congratulations on your hair. It sounds gorgeous. I know you have wanted to cut it like that for a long time but haven’t because of your husband preference to Long hair. Now you can be yourself and wear your hair the way you want. What else can you do that you couldn’t before? I think you are doing really well and I think you will be fine. Can you apply for financial support until you get a job? As salamu alaikum!
176001646,"Is it too late to contact that recent job offer you had? It is not the end of the world, benefits are probably the best thing if you are finding it too much to work. Just google ESA application and follow what it instructs you to do. Did you say you live with your parents? I don’t think you can get housing benefits if so."
176001647,It is tough in so many ways. For my loved ones it’s powerless in that I wish I could jump on a grenade… but in actuality you cant even visit them without feeling responsible for worst case scenarios.
176001648,only teenagers aged 14-17yo here
176001649,hi everhopeful. i got into touch with my anger for whatever it was worth. i think this helped me. _NAME_
176001650,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001651,"On my bad days my life looks like s*it and not only does it seem that I never win at life’s challenges but it seems like I’ve never won at anything. On my good days my life doesn’t seem that bad and of course I’ve won at some things. The trick is perspective. On the bad days I need to remind myself that it could always be worse and that depression, frustration, hopelessness are not only temporary but are not a 100% accurate. At age 58 I suffer from real fatigue but I’m getting treated for it. I still mange to work and my life ain’t all roses and unicorns but I woke up today feeling pretty damn peaceful and calm. I petted the cat, poured myself a soda and I have a couple of goals today. My sister is on vacation and I’m watering her plants and taking care of her cat while she’s gone and I have her whole house to myself. (and the prize for aimless rambling on a morning thread goes to: 77nick77) (I’d like to thank the academy and my parents). This whole mobile home park is so peaceful 
and quiet. I feel OK and the plan is to get something to eat from nearby Taco Bell, relax, do the watering, give the cat attention and go to my support group. My own home is often terrible due to psychotic, power mad, control freaks but it’s OK a lot of the time. I’m not a worldly guy but I’ve been around but I still naively wonder at my neighbors meanness and wonder why it has to be. These people are changing me and changing my life. And again, very naively, I wonder how they can possibly rationalize turning sticking up for themselves into using me for their own personal gain as a stepping stone to whatever their goals are in their heads. But today is too good to be negative. Neighbors be damned. I’m going to enjoy the nice California weather and my day off."
176001652,I’m waiting for my grocery delivery. It’s like a casino. What will they deliver ? What did they have in stock ? Place your bets !
174342107,It’s been 29years. It started in 1991.
176001653,"I’m sick, so no shower today"
176001654,Just my left hand.
174342099,I´m very happy I was allowed to switch from Paliperidone to Aripriprazole. Got tons more of energy!
174342101,Yes certain APs like Abilify has strong antidepressant properties. It made me manic for a while _AT_MENTION_
176001655,It helps me too. I’m going through loads of stress at the moment and I’d probably be in hospital without it. Glad to hear it helps you too.
176001656,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001657,"Yeah, thats the truth of it. We took the meds to avoid someone forcing us in the hospital for not taking them. Case workers, doctors, family members, or cops sometimes. All can be insistant that we take meds."
176001658,"I’ve been staying up later as well, at least until 1am and sometimes as late as 3am. I think it’s because I work from home now due to the shelter in place so I don’t have to drive to work in the morning. I’m home all the time now so it just becomes a blur of day and night. My little dog is very happy and content that I am always home."
176001659,i doubt that she will kill you… but if it is really the case then ask her to not come over anymore and tell the staff that you don’t want to see her anymore.
176001660,I hope you feel better Wave!
174342106,Thats definitely schizophrenia. Your not on a live feed or snapchat or Instagram.
176001661,Best of luck!
176001662,Same here. But I lost weight.
176001663,What secrets?? Who told you this?
176001664,Nonbinary people dont subscribe to gender divides. My barber cuts my hair correctly. When I went to a salon they kept giving me a trendy pixie cut.
176001665,Thankyou _AT_MENTION_
176001666,I like hearing about vaginas as much as the next girl but my breasts are feeling left out.
176001667,Wake up 3:30 get ready for work at work around 6 finish 5 unless there’s overtime then finish at 6 get home 6 or seven eat food go on this forum or play game s.
176001668,"The Great Spirit has never abandoned the people, no matter you draw to yourself, people toward poison, confine in prisons or ghettos, enslave in hardly changed and mostly plastic feudal and slave regiments, and turn to ashes … it is the loose sand beneath thy thrown you build! And fire through the world will make clear as glass, your power and resistance to those who stand long for better Union, Repressed but Expressed. Shall Prevail."
176001669,"I know you don’t want to hear what _AT_MENTION_ says, and it makes you feel guilty, but I think that’s exactly what you need to hear. No one is blaming you for being sick, but only you are responsible for your recovery, and it won’t come in the shape of a pill or even with patience. Normally, recovery isn’t what makes people function. Challenging your functioning is what makes you recover. You’ve been ill for a long time, and you’ve made posts here about wanting to recover for years. I’m pretty sure you will never recover until you try to live a normal life. And if you really do want to recover, whatever it takes, then you need to understand that what you are doing now isn’t working."
176001670,Ive got no energy or passion or sweet fúckall whilst on meds. I feel like a rat drowning in a sewer…
176001671,Whereas I have a hell of a time doing what I’m told.
176001672,Screenshot_2021-01-11-12-59-45-438_com.android.chrome1080×2340 149 KB
176001673,"Ohh yup. You don’t have to share with me, but do you have a vague idea of what brought them on? I know I do with mine.and I guess to simplify it, I could say fear/ stress. Yeah it’s quite a while, It’s been rather quiet for the last 6 months most of the time (except for when I get excited about the future) since I’ve been taking my meds and not meditating for hours on end. It basically seems as long as I dont have any goals I can have some amount of quiet."
176001674,"I personally believe schizophrenia is a result of trauma. It’s hard for me to believe anyone becomes schizophrenic without experiencing trauma. It’s a shame that schizophrenia is regarded as such a debilitating disease that no one wants to have it. I think if your treatment providers imply that you’re better than schizophrenics and that PTSD is a more acceptable diagnosis, then grab your chance. You’ll probably get better treatment because they see a better chance that you’ll recover. So many of us get labeled schizophrenic and written off by society. I’m glad that hasn’t happened to you. That doesn’t mean you can’t still visit this forum, I think."
176001675,I always feel like I’m perceiving a dream and I can’t wake up all the way. And things don’t seem solid and real.
176001676,"_AT_MENTION_ , Thanks for turning me on to this. I might want to get this one for my bed. The other one is for my sofa."
174342104,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Randomized controlled trial of adjunctive Valproate for cognitive remediation in early course schizophrenia. I _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, A _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ Wood, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Journal of psychiatric research , Aug 28 2019 Schizophrenia (SZ) is associated with cognitive impairment that contributes to disability, but the cognitive dysfunction is relatively refractory to pharmacologic intervention. Though Valproate augmentation is reported to improve psychopathology among patients with SZ, its effects on cognitive functions have not been investigated systematically.Using a randomized double blind placebo controlled design, the effects of Valproate or placebo as adjuncts to risperidone (RISP) treatment were evaluated among patients with early course SZ (N?=?109). Domains of cognitive function, estimated using the Arabic version of th
e Penn Computerized Neurocognitive Battery, were the prime outcomes. Clinical severity and social function were secondary outcomes. We also explored the effects of valproate treatment on serological responses to Toxoplama Gondii (TOXO), a putative risk factor for cognitive dysfunction in SZ.There were no significant differences between Valproate and placebo (PLA) treated groups with respect to changes in cognitive functions, positive or negative symptom scores or daily function scores at the beginning and end of the study. No significant Valproate/PLA differences were noted on TOXO serostatus or TOXO-related cognitive dysfunction.Valproate treatment may not be beneficial for cognitive dysfunction in SZ or for TOXO infection."
176001677,Aw Thanku so much
174342108,I wish injections were for clozapine but its just starting in Europe. Maybe eventually it will come to Canada
176001678,Married to a high school English teacher.
176001679,You’ll be fine. You’re strong. You’re capable. What are you nervous about? You have courage. I love you
176001680,I think you would do well in that position. But I believe they want someone who has been out of hospital a bit longer than 3 months.
176001681,I also hear 27000 demons and Lucifer and his assistant _NAME_ etc
176001682,"Shocking your diaphragm may work. Put something sour, like lemon, in your mouth followed quickly by sweet. Do it a few times."
176001683,What type of car do you drive chordy??
176001684,Call your doctor up and tell him how you are feeling You don’t sound well
176001685,there should be another ‘to’ in that first sentence of this article.
176001686,My brothers saw my violent psychosis and they’re still the same.
176001687,"I was approved by my nurse practitioner to taper off risperidone. I’m going from 3 mg to 2.5 mg and I will be taking the latter dose for the next three months, then, depending on how things go, the plan is to taper down another .5 mg, take that reduced dose for three months, and so on and so forth until I’m completely off the stuff. I’m nervous tbh. I think risperidone has helped me a lot, though it’s also hurt me in some ways; I guess that’s just the way it goes with meds this powerful. I’m interested in learning of your guys’ experiences with/thoughts on doing this, pretty please lol. I understand this can be a controversial topic - I’m definitely open to learning of adverse opinions/experiences. I still don’t know if this is the right thing to do for me personally though I do have faith in my NP’s discernment. Thanks so much for reading."
176001688,I’m sooo close to the -50 pounds mark! Finally this morning my weight dropped after 2 weeks of being stuck. I’m so excited to be back on track. According to my app I should reach my first goal in 16 days! I want to lose as much as possible before going to visit family for Christmas because I know it’ll be really hard to not gain a ton of weight while I’m there.
176001689,I’m 20 but I am not as developed as my peers because I was psychotic throughout high school. It took me 5 years to graduate.
176001690,Sounds like magical thinking
176001691,"I read A lot of books , especially romance and comic books but they have to be non-fiction like authentic type of books."
176001692,Shrimp… Its a healthy snack
174342113,"I was on 25mg. I had side effects like addictions, impulsions and compulsions. I switched to Latuda."
176001693,"Yes, i have that. _PHONE_NO_"
176001694,"I take Ativan, but not often, maybe once a month"
174342121,"~(Scanner Day 11 (Part 2)~ So. My Doctor Called. And I Actually Picked up The Phone. Which is Kinda a Miracle Since, if You Would Have Asked Me 6 Years Ago. Or 5. Or 4. Or 3. Or 2. Or Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah. I Would’ve Told You My Phone Was Dead. Or She Never Called. N e Hoo. Long Long Long Ago. That Was Me. Instead I Asked Her Questions About My Current Physical Dilemma. And She Pretty Much Told Me, That it Was Okay to Drink One Soda, (For Example), One Soda in The Morning, For a Quick Pickup. And I Will Meet Her Halfway With The AHA!, Drinks. Jus ONE After I Wake up. That May Ease The Slight Discomfort of My Night Med’s. And ALSO, My Body Begging For What Has Been Steady For a Very Long Time. N e Hoo (Part 2) I Feel Like I’m Rambling. It Was a Good Chat With My Doctor. She Always Asks About My Voices. And if I Am Seeing Anything. And I Respond Honestly. I Have Good Friendly Voices. (Which Never Really Shut Off). But!, They Never Get Weird With Me. So. All is Well. I Like Music And Writing 
Music, And They Seem to Give Me Space, When I Focus on That. And When I Am Around People. So…, 10/10 (!!!). And She Asked if I Was Seeing Things. I Do, But Not Like The Past. And Usually it’s a Shadow Out of The Corner of My Eye. Like Invisible Creepy Crawlies. And That Was About it. So. The Day Has Been Good So Far. And Not in The Mood to Look For Troubles. Keep Safe Everyone. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Bat Beam Dream (sleepoptimistic)"
176001695,"Yes, I don’t hallucinate. Worst is whispers while falling alseep and music and hypnagogic hallucinations. I had the opposite of visual hallucinations the hallucination of negation or visual distortions and disturbances from brain damage, neurological issues, trauma, or (delusion) alien parasite lol."
176001696,"I think a way to calm oneself down in social settings is that nobody expects you to do something extra for them. If you don’t want to or don’t feel like interacting with someone more than the bare minimal or “the must”, then that isn’t really a problem, because nobody expects that beforehand. A friend or family might expect more, but then usually you are more relaxed around them and it is easier to interact. I too have felt what you are talking about, luckily I am more at ease now, but still no social wonder, and I never will be. But I’m not so intimidated by social settings any more."
176001697,I always keep what is said to me by friends secret. I wouldn’t have any friends if I shared secrets
176001698,I have complained before to the care coordinator person. I have a chance today to speak to the psychiatrist I don’t know whether to ask for a replacement of coordinator or the addition of a social worker potentially.I’ve had that before once a week when I was very isolated that the system seems to be different in this town they don’t know me they don’t know how ill I was I’m to lifelong after-care after being sectioned for nine months.should I start again with someone else ask for somebody else in the same team?
176001699,"Nope, I’m on Geodon, Wellbutrin, Topamax, Seroquel and Ativan as a PRN."
174342112,I’m careful to make sure my doctors share my goal of optimal functioning. The one who steered me away from the zinc is the same one who encouraged me to continue with the sarcosine.
176001700,Scottish breakfasts sometimes include white pudding .
176001701,"Considering the fact that computer networking was developed by a marriage between the US military, academia, and public corporations … and even TOR was developed by US Navel Intelligence … it doesn’t take a logical leap to realize, anything having to do with computer technology is not Private."
176001702,"I, for one, don’t want to go back to being who I was. There were flaws in my personality that I don’t want to repeat."
176001703,_AT_MENTION_ There are actually fires in Oregon Washington state and more I believe…
176001704,"you’re welcome, are you going to sleep soon?"
176001705,"I’ve driven around to act suspicious or follow police cars on several occasions when I was delusional and really bad off . They never did arrest me, but part of me just wanted to ask for help cause I was so bad off"
176001706,You don’t want to go to jail. It sucks!
176001707,"_AT_MENTION_: i agree to some extent. I’m at wits end with sobriety. I can make all the excuses why it’s not working but I know deep down that a change in environment is my best option. It’s just a fresh start and I know the terrain. My hands are up- I surrender at not knowing how to be sz and an addict. _AT_MENTION_: I’ve been in MA (marijuana anonymous) for the duration of my battle. I feel like crying how much pot has affected my existence. No matter how deep down I reach or what interventions I give myself, I inevitably relapse. Moving is drastic but I’m financially afloat and have some family overseas who could ease the transition."
176001708,I’m self destructive in what I eat. I eat a lot of unhealthy food. And I don’t exercise.
176001709,Sounds pretty interesting.
174342115,"I get weird dreams a lot. Like last night I had a dream I was trying to take pictures of UFOs in my back yard. It was not real. I get a lot of UFO dreams. Last few times I saw UFOs (all types) I either didn’t think of taking pictures or it happened to fast or I was numb/desensitized. I think they would get mad at me if I took pictures. They did before in a past life. It shouldn’t faze me. It doesn’t. Not sure why they are following me. Perhaps, to scare me or to enlighten me. Probably to scare me. They are watching me. I’ve seen stuff that doesn’t and won’t ever exist under the current environment. I’ve seen a couple regular, low tech drones in my back yard. But I also saw small, white jet and anti-gravity drones with possible infrared sensors that can take pictures in my house or scan the environment. ???? like that. Perhaps, they are trying to jog my memories. One I built in a past life on another planet Earth for specific reasons. But it always screws with me lol. It attacked me. I 
get alien dreams and visions too from my past lives while I’m awake (daydream?) and even just seeing them in my imagination at will. I remember aliens taking me through wormholes and ????. I’m not trying to trigger people or brag about my experiences. Maybe I just feel too damn important sometimes, even though I’m a nobody/loser. I’m not lying or delusional. I wouldn’t even be talking if I didn’t have schizophrenia. I see a lot of military/black helicopters in my neighborhood. Some fly right over my house. I’ve been abducted over 10 times in the multiverse/past lives. They told me this. I’ve experienced all levels of abduction types. Even died only to come back alive. Even been outside the simulation. Even been in cages and ???? underground where I saw aliens and “German” wannabees. Probably pisses them off. They hurt me. I get nightmares from college. I had issues showering for years because I think something happened to me in the shower. I would get severe panic attacks and lose touch of 
reality/go partially insane. I think there is a Nazi element to the US government. I’m not trying to cause issues here, but it’s real. I’m so shocked and in denial that such things happen in this world and that “God” allows it. I think God will stop it and end it some day. I think we are living in End Times. Even on high meds, I realize these experiences and memories won’t go away because they are real. I was tortured by my own country. I was in Montauk Project and went through Monarch Programming. There’s nothing worse in this world than that."
176001710,Mine is very low. I have no explanation other than I don’t eat a lot of meat.
176001711,"Slightly over a year. It was all hell, regretted doing it as I nearly died."
176001712,It’s all Going to be alright In the end. For some.
176001713,"it is sth like this. i cannot make eye contact wif people , catch with people’s eyes even though i want to . sorry if it is offensive"
176001714,"I believe other people believe, and for good reason. My psychiatrist was a bit struck by how split I’ve become between my rational, social self, and my private, ‘psychotic’ self. She also indicated I might get invited to participate in a study run from a phenomenological perspective. To be honest I’m not that surprised because my case fits like a tee the self-disturbance model."
176001715,"My parents. My brother. My pets. My art. Caffeine, nicotine, video games, funny youtube videos. Besides the main ones, it’s the small things really."
176001716,I feel awful. i wish i could go to a hospital
176001717,"Most days, I wish my baby had slept in a bit more…"
176001718,"How irritating. Still, I love a challenge."
176001719,"Even in the hardest of battles, remember, there’s always something to be conquered. “Veni, vidi, vici”. Thanks for the post!"
176001720,thanks bro
176001721,Being chronically stressed out taints your memories. It taints your entire experience.
176001722,"Wow that’s crazy zombie, what freaks! I hate when something happens in the real world which makes it real, but no doubt it must have been liberating for you that someone believed you"
176001723,"My first thought is your age? Don’t quote me on it, but I think if you are 18 you are legally capable of making your own decisions. Otherwise, you are subject to the decisions of your caregivers. It doesn’t sound like your father is in favour of changing your situation. For me, that would give me reason relax a bit"
176001724,Thanks so much Pianogal!
176001725,"I know haldol can be rough, but I’d rather not hear the music and singing. _PERSON_ Not sure why I’m laughing. Shrug"
176001726,"oh no, that sounds sort of triggering"
176001727,"I think Medicare has home care, but they don’t pay for long-term nursing home care. They will only pay for a nursing home if the person is in there for rehabilitation. Medicaid pays for nursing home care. In my case my income is too high to qualify for Medicaid. However, you can hire a lawyer to set up a _NAME_ Trust to get on Medicaid for a nursing home. My sister and I went through putting mother in a nursing home in 2010."
176001728,Here is a lecture that explains the concept of prediction error with respect to Sz. It’s fascinating. Psychosis: Making and Inhabiting a Different Reality
176001729,"i cant fight it anymore, i try to deny it that maybe they are just lying or saying it and not meaning it. But now i know im a demon and going to hell. That is all they want me to know. I guess all i can do is hope its not real, maybe it is just schizophrenia. Even though the i think i think its the truth. I just have to accept it and nothing i cant do anything to change it…"
176001730,"I am still young and I am taking sleeping pills,it shows I am so sick…but I guess it’s temporary"
176001731,I’m am shocked that they can do the surgery without major counseling first. I know of two other friends who had it done and they feel the same way
176001732,"I don’t really create or make anything except posts on the internet. I don’t even make food. I am obsessed with cleaning my mind, but I hardly ever clean externally. Can you see why I value my contribution to the world so little?"
174342130,"I have bad positive symptoms at times but currently the negative and cognitive symptoms are really disabling. I can’t think at all sometimes, which is really bad considering I have college work to do."
176001733,I thought of that option. But I’m scared AP will change my personality and I will become this ghost of a person I once was. And that’s not the person he fell in love with
176001734,No because he is a human person.
176001735,Has anyone here done ect? What are your thoughts on it? Did this treatment work for you?
176001736,"It took 6 months to get a replacement. He seems nice. I hope he sticks around for a bit. He even calls me on my phone which I like, as usually you have to go through 2-3 people just to get a message to him otherwise!"
176001737,"30mg of zyprexa was the worst, 30mg ability was slightly better, ability injection wore off halfway through the month, 120mg latuda has been better, although I’ve been 80lbs overweight on every ap. Every med seems to affect everyone different. Waiting for next next gen for less side effects. The only benefit is every ap I’ve taken knocks me out, if I didn’t have these sedative meds I would be back to insomniaville. Stay safe, focused and postivie!."
176001738,I don’t have an assigned pdoc I see every week or month or few months. I see a pdoc but as and when needed and its not always the same pdoc.
176001739,aww im sorry
176001740,"Now the voices I’m hearing sound kind of androgynous. Could be male or female. Either a young man or an older female, idk."
176001741,"Technically you can believe in the supernatural, in demons… and still be an atheist if you don’t believe in God."
176001742,"I’m not sure. But from my personal history… Once I went on my med, Ive been lower in energy ever since. But who knows. When I was hearing voices n not on med I was more low in energy in a different kind of way… Like exhausted of voices stress. Hope u find that extra energy with time…"
176001743,"Lifehacker How to Spot the New Nintendo Switch With Better Battery Life—and Avoid... New models of Nintendo’s Switch console are now available on store shelves in select regions and will be rolling out to other markets soon. Unlike the smaller, portability-focused Switch Lite, the updated Nintendo Switch is identical in functionality... Looks like the Red boxes contain the upgraded one."
176001744,I think what you’ve described is more akin to paranoia. Dissociation is not part of psychosis.
176001745,945×901 95.5 KB i want to look like this by december. i will to put work in if can look like this.
174342129,"Latin’s just a really interesting language. I also find that it enriches my faith, too. I enjoyed learning it but I didn’t realize that there are three genders and multiple conjugations. _AT_MENTION_ we should just make a Latin/foreign language thread…"
176001746,Hope it clears up. Never any fun and that pneumonia is serious business when you get a little older. Hnag in there _AT_MENTION_
174342127,"Schizophrenia and former addiction. I was severely addicted to marihuana and also drank too much. I still drink from time to time, but nowhere near the volumes I used to, nor frequency. We’re talking maybe once every other month. I’ve been clean for four years"
176001747,_NAME_ passed away last Saturday. He is viewed as one of the best singers ever to come out of Mexico. I hope you enjoyed listening to his music. I thought I’d share a video in his honor of one of his most notable performance. Oh and Pandora Radio is amazing! It’s almost like having a friend around recommending a variety of music one might enjoy.
176001748,FACA11F1-20E4-40BE-BF32-54C86EE136C5.jpeg 2448×3264 1.34 MB
176001749,thats a lot.r u still alive.lol.you reminded me i need to up my medication.
176001750,I don’t want to wait two months but I’m willing to try it.
176001751,"I can’t speak for you, but I wouldn’t dare to go off meds. I am so scared of madness"
174342131,"Oh man if there’s one thing I learned when I was delusional it was to never call the police. You are in a hospital now? It sounds like you’re having some issues. I’m sure a lot of people care about you and nobody wants to see you manipulated and hurt, it sounds like paranoia from the schizophrenia."
176001752,"It’s not deer season here in WV, USA but if we run out of food we basically live in the woods and will kill a deer if necessary. I see your point that you don’t know any hunters though."
176001753,Other than hanging out with my daughter on the weeks she is here I am alone. I really don’t mind at all.
176001754,Or do you think the psychosis just has to run it’s course and the meds really can’t stop the psychosis?
176001755,"oh I would be nervous too, but try not to be…it will be fine…trust your doctors…"
176001756,"I may not have an higher IQ than yours. I don’t know. I don’t learn, I solve problems on the spot during the exams. I just read the theory."
176001757,"(Quick Read With 7 Tips) Lifehack – 4 Apr 14 7 Tips You Should Know To Reach Your Dreams Be Confident and Positive. This is the backbone for all the other tips to reach your dreams. Happy, successful people surround themselves with other happy people. What Works For You Dear Reader?."
176001758,i hv been seeing u long time and clearly you r the one that refuse to take the medication and refuse your own diagonsis
176001759,Yeah I don’t really like to eat in front of visitors or strangers. My OCD paranoia will kick in.
176001760,"just online with my cv, i had to do a few assessments though"
176001761,What was the temperature with humidity when you lost consciousness? You’re not supposed to run with nicotine because both increase blood pressure and heart rate. Me I loose consciousness sometimes in high heat like 40+C with humidity.
176001762,"Hard to see how this thing is gonna pan out, I’m really worried about it"
176001763,it can be like a permanant bad trip on LSD. Not trusting what your brain is telling you. It really fcks me right off - when people look at the benefits i get and not the illness. Most of them would bloody crap themselves if they experienced my brain when its in psychosis. They would be screaming for their fcking mother.
176001764,Make fun of my scoliosis. Now I know why I don’t like you.
176001765,I agree near death experience isn’t necessarily the same as actually dead. Maybe wen heart n brain stops there’s still some kind of activity going on for a bit until decay. N it is in this time where people experience ‘the lights’ etc wen there may be unmeasured activity still going in in the body.
176001766,Arent you japanese? The japanese diet is low calorie. I like side dishes and pickled stuff with rice. Delicious but low in fat.
176001767,Science Advances – 1 Apr 21 Ketogenic diet reduces alcohol withdrawal symptoms in humans and alcohol... Individuals with alcohol use disorder (AUD) show elevated brain metabolism of acetate at the expense of glucose. We hypothesized that a shift in energy substrates during withdrawal may contribute to withdrawal severity and neurotoxicity in AUD and...
176001768,"_AT_MENTION_ Thanks, well I’ll keep the chime in at this point, but lets see. _AT_MENTION_ Thanks, I love the _PERSON_’s stuff so this is quiet a compliment."
176001769,Yes. _PHONE_NO_
174342133,"Well, I guess that is the best marker for positive symptoms in my case. If I don’t have control of my mind then I am probably suffering a relapse, at least if it is consistant over a period of time."
176001770,i think life is easier for me having no kids…theres no worries about them being abducted which is the worst thing that could happen…i know its very rare but id be worried about letting my 10 yr old kid out to play freely…id have to keep check on him all the time
176001771,I used to live with my mom and didn’t have to take care of myself. She went into the nursing home in 2010 and died in 2018. My sister who had her power of attorney sold her house when she went into the nursing home. I’ve been in my own apartment since December 2008 and had to start taking care of myself.
176001772,I know when the thoughts in my head are my own when I have control over them. When it’s Alien inserting his thoughts in there I have no control over them.
176001773,Just had a hot chocolate Which was pretty good. I find I have to add a lot of powder to make it taste chocolatey enough
176001774,What sorts of foods are you eating?
176001775,Put on a mask then.
176001776,"Not to be a downer, but if you haven’t gotten slammed by the auto insurance rate increases yet, you will. Our new provincial govt removed the rate cap at the AIRB last year and we’re seeing 15-20% increases across the board, on average. I have customers flipping their lids on me several times per week now and it’s not something I have any control over. Canadian Underwriter – 13 Jan 20 How much did auto insurance rates go up in _NAME_ last quarter? _NAME_’s Automobile Insurance Rate Board (AIRB) has approved rate increases for more than 20 insurers in Q4 2019, ranging from less than 1% to nearly 30% for basic coverage for private passenger vehicles. The rate hike was about 10% on… Anyway, just a heads-up. EVERYONE is getting dinged on renewal."
176001777,"I don’t understand the meds very well in terms of how they work. The only thing I am remotely knowledgable is side effects, as I have been on 7 AP’s and experienced a wide range of bad effects from these drugs"
176001778,I’m so sorry this happened to you. I missed this yesterday. I’m glad you’re home safe and sound. I’m praying for you now and will continue to. Bless you sweetheart. You’re a trooper.
176001779,_PERSON_ donuts. Has a t-shirt. Saying. Their product is better then crack. Ha ha
176001780,Two great posters _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ your time here is appreciated.
176001781,My big problem is anger and mood swings. I’m easy to irritate. But I already feel more alert and motivated. My friend commented that i seemed to be more with it.
176001782,image3024×4032 2.04 MB
176001783,I got my census in the mail a few days ago. I did it online. It’s super easy to do. I finished answering the questions in less than 5minutes.
176001784,Quanta Magazine Where Quantum Probability Comes From | Quanta Magazine There are many different ways to think about probability. Quantum mechanics embodies them all.
176001785,People may have hinted that my plays are weird. I’m not trying to be weird!
176001786,"I threw up a dose of risperidone and went into a scary painful withdrawl 3 days later, for a week and a half. Then I was extremely sensitive to xanax, co q 10, sea kelp and ibuprofen. I would go into weeks long crises over them. It was really messed up. I dont know when my brain will stop being sensitive to substances."
176001787,"Yes, I am better than I was 5 years ago…which really makes me happy!!!"
176001788,"I am looking for some good or inspirational books to read or audiobooks about schizophrenia by authors with schizophrenia. My mom says there’s not enough inspirational films and books by/for people with this mental illness. If you’ve written one or know of any let me know. Also anything creative by someone with schizophrenia, artwork or poetry."
176001789,Overnight shifts are one of the reasons I had a mental breakdown. Go to the interview but ask for weekends if you don’t need to work full time . But do what you think feels best. I had horrible sleep when I worked overnight. I was awake on my days off when everybody is sleeping. Plus it’s tough working overnight and going to school in the morning. It’s super rough I don’t reccomend it!
176001790,"I have gone up and down with weight, but being selective with meds I have lost a lot of the weight I originally put on with Olanzapine 20mg. When I was first diagnosed, I didn’t really know anything about SZ - even though I’d previously escaped DX at the age of 17 after my first psychosis. The evidence below shows that you can recover your weight whilst on AP’s Basically, I went from weight gaining meds for me, to things like Haloperidol, Lurisadone, Aripiprazole and now Amisulpride. For the most part I stayed weight neutral, but since being on Lurisdone for 18 months, and now Amisulpride for 4 years, I have shed nearly 30 kilos in weight. Also, I started a more physical work, and started swimming as well. So life style changes have also helped Just hope this thread might give some hope to those struggling with weight. Before Snip20210426_38624×631 405 KB After Snip20210426_39498×877 671 KB"
176001791,For those of you who don’t know my first psychosis (and only one 9 years ago ) it happened when I was working and I got fixated on a guy and ended up sending him soooo many messages revealing everything about myself. I basically thought everyone at work was somehow in love with me . I know I should not have but I saw his profile and honestly I don’t even know why I got fixated. He wasn’t my type.
176001792,he puts me down hes not nice to me
176001793,Yeah I can’t get hired for a job. Even the simple task seem to hard to do. I’m lucky I have to work for the government as a jet engine mechanic for 20 plus years and get s small disability check.
176001794,Best of luck and health to ya.
176001795,"Sorry you are having a hard day. It’s not the thought that matters but how you respond to it. Don’t fear your mind. Remember you are in control of it. Take the thoughts and guide them along the direction you want them in. I get intense tactile and visual hallucinations along with delusions. The years have taught me that my response can either make the hallucinations worse or better. If I focus on positive thoughts my emotions follow that way. It never takes the hallucinations away, but it changes my mood which gives me a better outlook and more control of the moment. That makes the difference. Is there anyone you can talk to who can help keep your mind distracted? Or a task you have to focus hard on? Sometimes my hallucinations go away just from focusing intensely on a task. I am here for you, friend, but I hope you’re also here for yourself. Don’t be afraid of yourself. Everyone has odd thoughts sometimes. Try to develop a calm inner voice to counter any scary thoughts. Let yourself soothe 
yourself. Trust yourself. I believe in you. Good luck."
176001796,"Will the planet even last that long? No, but I hear you. It’s hard to think about being this miserable for so much longer. I hear things tend to calm down as we age, though. So hopefully that’s true. And weird new meds coming out all the time hopefully they’ll have better treatments as we get older."
176001797,Elders are obnoxious with their hate of the youth
176001798,Idealism that is stopped from being ‘totally out there’ by a healthy degree of pragmatism.
176001799,"You have a wealth of experience you can share. Tap into that and be yourself like you say Dreams are funny things. If it spurs you onto wanting to help other people, that’s not a bad thing at all!"
176001800,Great attitude!!! I hope you’re very successful. Good luck!
176001801,sunday through friday but altogether the hours are between 30 and 40. _NAME_
174342142,"Hey, like I said, a full recovery means different things to different people. Doctors with a billion years of college still define recovery differently. But the facts are that many (if not most) of schizophrenics recover significantly."
176001802,What’s loxapine for?
176001803,"_AT_MENTION_ I know you are against meds and I understand the side effects of them can be awful. I hate them, but feeling suicidal and going in psychosis is worse than side effects. There are low doses of meds that can help with less side effects. There’s also herbs. I had a LOT of benefits from Lion’s Mane extract. Clearer thinking, better mood, less body pain. No side effects for me, though some get a headache from the detoxing effect. It’s worth thinking about and is all naturr."
176001804,"That’s always a good thing to have a stable place to live and the medical help you need for this condition. I stay with my parents, they have been supportive since I was diagnosed. And I know what you mean, I struggle with anxiety and fear"
176001805,is there any helpful task you can do to improve your problem?
176001806,I have to bankrupt myself first before I can apply.
176001807,Maybe because voices are there and affect you and your energy
174342139,"When I tell people about my schizophrenia, they usually say “you don’t look crazy”. _PERSON_."
174342137,You have high blood sugar probably. That and obesity go hand in hand.
176001808,How likely is it that I have BPD?
176001809,"Pill form, the medication will leave your system within a few days’ time. The problem you are facing is elevated prolactin levels due to the medication. As long as your prolactin is higher than a normal range, you will experience _NAME_. I know this to be the case, because this is exactly what I am going through at the moment. Only thing you can really do now is get on an AP that doesn’t raise prolactin and wait for your prolactin levels to normalize, which may take months."
176001810,"thats crazy talk girl (oh wait, i forgot, sz forum ‘facepalms’) lol"
176001811,"Nuts are high in protein and monounsaturated fats. I have found that protein-rich foods keep me full longer, but I’m a vegetarian so my protein rich foods are strictly eggs, nuts, and soy."
176001812,Yeah worth a follow up. It is like a symptom and you could get it from the meds too I suppose. It’s a complicated thing but if it’s happening a lot then it’s worth investigating.
176001813,"Yea what i mean though, is say you wanted to stop smoking. You could induce a fear of how bad it is and that they monitoring you through the cigges and im sure you will stop smoking that same day. That kind of thing happened to me !! I thought they were monitoring me everytime i smoked a ciggie ! And stopped cold turkey"
176001814,Healthline Risk of Death from COVID-19 Four Times Greater for Those with Diabetes New research has found that people with diabetes and poorly managed hyperglycemia who are hospitalized for COVID-19 have a death rate and longer length of hospital stay that's four times higher than people without these conditions.
176001815,"No, I feel like I got over most of my illness, but my self worth is awful."
176001816,Voices are almost gone now. But I still feel like the true man of this _NAME_
176001817,"I don’t know if this is what you want here, but one time I was driving from _NAME_, OK to Muskogee, Ok, and I was really, really drunk. I’d picked up a hitch hiker. Anyway, I changed lanes when this pickup was moving up fast behind me. I don’t remember if I signaled. The pickup went into the median and nearly turned over. The hitch hiker told me to keep going, and that is what I did. I’m pretty sure no serious damage was done, but it was only luck that prevented that. This happened nearly forty years ago. There are a few other rotten mistakes I’ve made. I’m thinking that maybe before too long I will be ready to do an AA fourth step."
176001818,"I’m lucky that medication works really well for me. Except for the side effects. I have almost zero energy, and I’ve gained 100+ lbs. over the years. I can still work, with the help of large amounts of caffeine. Recently dropped my AP dosage (after talking to pdoc), which seems to be helping quite a bit with the energy, if not the weight. Isolation is my other big issue. I can’t tell anyone at work about my illness for fear of losing my job. And I only have a couple of friends, who I only get to hang out with every couple of months or so. No energy or motivation to go out meeting new people, either."
176001819,That’s great! Nice that you found a job that you like
176001820,I’ve been on both. Risperdal gave me vivid dreams and Seroquel XR made me sleep too much. One of my doctors I used to see told me that Seroquel is a good med.
176001821,adaa.org Screening for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) | Anxiety and Depression...
176001822,"it’s also a long-held belief by those in authority, or those who don’t use it effectively, that social media does nothing. If that’s the case, then why the big deal?"
176001823,Are you ok? Was it a bad bite?
176001824,Congrats!! When I had a job I kinda just forced myself to go to work regardless of whether I felt like it or not. Maybe not the healthiest approach but I usually started to feel better the more the work day progressed.
176001825,Are you saying you faked that IQ test where you said your IQ was 69?
176001826,"Love this. I feel like you. After I wrote this post I realized that I am a lot more stable and that this is a good thing. I can look back at my past self with different lenses, and right now I choose appreciation. And I choose to look at my current self with appreciation as well. Neither instance is better than the other. Just different. And I like the life that medication affords me. I can focus on more practical things like working, cooking, cleaning, learning to play an instrument, and being present with my family and friends. And I can stil think; my mind isn’t nearly as active as it once was but I can still have quality thoughts. It’s harder to think and it takes more time but I am okay the way that I am."
176001827,"oh, lol, I thought you meant, oh nvm, It’s just that I’ve written a letter to my pdoc before to be able to talk about symptoms instead of just saying everything’s fine when I would get in front of him."
176001828,"Hmm. I Jus Get Bored With The Ideas Of Certain Things. . . But!, If I Need Something, I Get It Done. So…, I Dunno How To Tell Someone To Put Goals In Front Of Themselves And Push. If You Can’t Do It On Your Own, No One’s Words Are Going To Help You. Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!. P.s. The Orbital Compass~ ‘YouTube’. (0.1) (0.2) (0.3) (0.4) Example 1.) I’m Tired Of The Food I Have. Need Energy Drinks. 2 Mile Walk. Jus Go (!!!)."
176001829,"Hey, you are leaving the house, that’s better than nothing."
176001830,"I always worry about you, _AT_MENTION_. I hope you’re okay."
176001831,"I have so much bigger ???? to worry about than neighbors listening to me 24-7. It is sad. Meds not working ,my dad sick ,my mom about to be homeless. She’s goin to live with me if the office approves. Wtf is wrong with me? Should I put my head through a window? I’m tired. Almost hopeless."
176001832,alert.psychnews.org Prazosin Can Reduce Drinking in AUD Patients With Severe Withdrawal Symptoms Prazosin is effective at reducing alcohol consumption in adults with alcohol use disorder (AUD) and severe withdrawal symptoms such as swea...
176001833,"Damn, it’s the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine."
176001834,Not bad _PHONE_NO_
176001835,"Thank you everyone, they’re gonna run some more tests and referrals. Hopefully my next med works"
176001836,"I think i said this before but i’m off my APs, but i’ve been having difficulty with racing/derailing thoughts. Yeah i should ask my pdoc but it doesn’t seem too much to ask for experience."
174342138,8 years here. Don’t think I could make it past 10 years.
176001837,"It is very real to me. They stop our gift by calling us mentally ill. We are hidden away in hospitals. Drugged into a helpless state and for gotten by distant relations who more than anything seek control over our windfalls. There just like the angry impoverished, they would stop us before we can ever make a dime. I owe them NOTHING!!"
176001838,Not yet. Currently I’m being suspected of hereditary spastic paraplegia.
176001839,I like curry and rice
174342148,"Not enough, you could also try testosterone booster"
176001840,? ????_USER_ID_ ?? ?? ???_USER_ID_ ? ???
176001841,"In 6 months I’ve gone from barely being able to squeeze into an XXL shirt, to a large being slightly too big. I’ve done portion control and gotten more active, but a lot of the weight loss is also attributed to disordered eating patterns. Everyone is praising me and telling me I look good, my dad even bought me a new wardrobe I can actually fit, and I know it’s good when an overweight person becomes less overweight. But I don’t feel like I deserve it. I feel I cheated. You’re not supposed to get praise for results from what is bordering on an eating disorder."
176001842,Ignorance is the mental illness of the 21th century.
176001843,I will keep asking my pdr about Vraylar insurance when comes out.
174342144,I know. I want to get on Risperdal. It was more effective when I went to the ER.
174342140,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov White matter microstructural organizations in patients with severe treatment-resistant schizophrenia: A diffusion tensor imaging study. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, S _PERSON_, _PERSON_, S _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, MM _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Progress in neuro-psychopharmacology & biological psychiatry, Jan 2020 18 Previous diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) studies have reported white matter alterations in patients with schizophrenia. Notably, one third of this population does not respond to first-line antipsychotics and is thus referred to as treatment-resistant schizophrenia (TRS). Despite potentially distinct neural bases between TRS and non-TRS, few studies have compared white matter integrity between these groups. In order to reflect clinical picture of TRS, we enrolled TRS patients who had severe symptoms. According to the consensus criteria for TRS. TRS was defined by severe positive symptomato
logy despite optimal antipsychotic treatment. Fractional anisotropy (FA), an index of white matter integrity, was examined by DTI and analyzed with tract-based spatial statistics in 24 TRS patients (mean PANSS?=?108.9), 28 non-TRS patients (mean PANSS?=?50.0), and 27 healthy controls (HCs) for group comparison. Additionally, correlation analyses were conducted between FA values and symptomatology. The TRS group had lower FA values in multiple tracts (cerebral peduncle, corona radiata, corpus _USER_ID_, external and internal capsules, posterior thalamic radiation, sagittal stratum, superior longitudinal fasciculus, tapetum, and uncinate fasciculus) compared to the HC group as well as the non-TRS group (p?"
176001844,"My niece thought I was her grandmother. Another baby thought I was her mother. If you think you’re going to be loved for being a parent, think again. Children we have to give and give and give to . It’s definitely an earned love when and if their perception of you develops into recognition."
176001845,"I’ve been injectable invega for 8 years. I take wellbutrin also which can increase the threshold for having seizures, I have never had a seizure ever before in my life. I hope I don’t experience any ever for as long as I’m medicated."
176001846,Water is good for nerves
176001847,I weighed 160.4 lbs. this am. That represents a BMI of 24.0 That’s within normal range.
176001848,"The hieroglyphs are good for brain development, I want to study them at some point in the future."
176001849,"You can say it’s just the Lexapro, but it feels legit."
176001850,"Any chance you could find a therapist? I’ll say a different story about the same male who I’ve decided I loathe now. In private I was mad at a first cousin for being mean to my sister. I’ll add this touch too that me and said cousin nowadays have an awesome relationship. BUT one man talking to another; I said [this cousin] was an angry feminist. I was mad at her, and blowing off steam. This male friend at the time said in email to me back: ‘yeah I prefer male chauvinistic pigs, they have so much more to say’. My Sz triggered… as though he was counting me as a part of that comment so he could tow a neutral line, and well, the written word gets me more, you know? Now I could defend myself on here but maybe I’ve done enough already. Maybe I can leave myself wide open and no one will critique me. But oh my gosh I have a lot to say about this male friend… and you’d really like me, or at least get a tremendous kick from it. I should start a thread!"
176001851,"I felt flat until a couple month after I started taking Cymbalta. So I felt flat for about 7 years I guess. I still do sometimes when I’m tired. Just like a blank stare, no emotion. But sometimes I feel things, I have the ability now."
176001852,"I avoid alot of the subreddits on reddit. I mainly just read. Tho i stick to r/infp r/highstrangeness and r/shortstories. Those are where i mainly post, the downvotes really only happen if youre being an ass in those subreddits. I expect the gaming subreddit is full of younger, angstier people so theyre probably more liberal with the downvote button."
176001853,I second the peppermint tea. I have had good experience with that tea.
176001854,You should make designs on redbubble.com for shirts and prints
176001855,"It seems pretty obsessive how you’re posting about these things. I find when I do that the meds really make no difference. What I find helpful is to take a PRN and go to my room in the dark and just ride the storm. Usually I will eventually fall into sleep, and when I wake it’s like a reset button Climbing the walls and getting angry about what’s going on in your head will only wind you up"
176001856,"That’s so great to hear. Keep pushing through, I’m glad you can take a step back and see how much more positive life can be sober. You got this!"
176001857,Ouch. Stretched out a bit too I bet.
176001858,I still have daily voices that pick on me
176001859,Thank you…
174342147,Yes _PHONE_NO_
176001860,Wishful thinking. Usually nothing special like it. I would call someone on the phone like a helpline and cut down on movies.
176001861,Great. This reminds me of some kind of Buddhistic _USER_ID_. “Become totally empty Quiet the restlessness of the mind Only then will you witness everything unfolding from emptiness” _PERSON_
174342145,"Did your TD go away with clozapine? I read somewhere that clozapine eliminates TD. Also, does Saphris have a high probability rate for TD? That was one of the meds I was considering switching to."
176001862,I believe that someone in my family did it. That is what is set in my mind.
176001863,"What the fck is wrong with this world … I personally never tried shrooms, but from what I heard they LITERALLY cause visual hallucinations. Aren’t they just a milder form of LSD ? _AT_MENTION_ ? Thoughts ?"
176001864,Ward food is much better than jail food… I was shocked when they transferred me
176001865,I would say “you must experience it to understand it”
176001866,Honestly I believe stuff like that can exist but no need to dwell on it
176001867,"We have lots of LGBT members, and this is an LGBT-friendly forum. I’m gay."
176001868,"yess, down 2 more pounds since sunday when i got back to calorie counting after my mini 3 day vacation"
176001869,Talk to your doctor. If your not improving try other meds. That could be problematic with cost but it’s about side effects vs symptoms. You take the biggest dose you can for the least amount of side effects. We are all different and sometimes you’ve just got to try but if your struggling it’s a good time to try something different. You need at least 6 weeks on meds for some benefit give or take. Be active in your treatment. You really do need to be your biggest advocate.
176001870,WTF?? First you send me a dick pick…and now this??
174342157,"Me too, it gave me weed addiction too. Stopped it and weed at the same time. Abilify made me hang out with bad ppl and trouble makers like drug addicts and fighting in clubs, it changed my personality for the worse. I would rather have no friends than having bad friends. Now on Risperdal I only hangout with family and visitors at home only."
176001871,For a sense of purpose in life… What are you good at? Perhaps try to turn one of your hobbies into a small or side business?
174342156,"Yeah that’s what they are saying - similar levels of EPS, akathisia and weight gain, prolactin, lipids, glucose - between the placebo and the drug. This was at 4 weeks, so I would like to see longer term, but so far so good. As far as the side effects that were greater than placebo: MD Magazine SEP-363856 for Treatment of Schizophrenia Investigators presented the results of a 4-week trial examining the efficacy of SEP-363856 at APA 2019 in San _NAME_, CA. Authors noted that study completion rates between both groups were similar, with the placebo group retaining 79.2% of patients and SEP-363856 group retaining 78.3%. Adverse events occurring with an incidence of 2% or greater and at a higher rate than placebo include somnolence (6.7% vs. 4.8%), agitation (5.0% vs. 4.8%), nausea (5.0% vs. 3.2%), diarrhea (2.5% vs. 0.8%), and dyspepsia (2.5% vs. 0%)."
176001872,I keep having intrusive thoughts that resemble delusions but I don’t believe in them at all… anyone experienced with this? Example. ”My food is poisoned” ”They’re talking ???? about me”
176001873,"As you get older, you have to accept needing others. I decided to stop living alone when I was 54."
176001874,I do short. I’m stable mostly and doctor is mega busy. I’ve had short like max 15 minutes and long…1 hour minimum and prefer short. I found 1 hour just way too much. Not much to talk about in that time and covered the same things. 15 minutes for me is ideal. Get in talk about some cricket and get some scripts.
176001875,"Not sure what part of Canada you live in, but here are the legal rights in Ontario. They’re probably similar to yours settlement.org What are my rights as a tenant? As a tenant in Ontario, you have legal rights. These rights are explained in the Human Rights Code and the Residential Tenancies Act."
176001876,"I prefer focusing my attention on my treadmill metrics such as calories burned, distance traveled, current heart rate and time elapsed. Jogging in front of a TV is a distraction."
176001877,"For about a month,after my first shot of vacc,_PERSON_ having vivid horrible dreams,and cant even go to a store as I think all day of those dreams. _PERSON_ a little ashamed of how many of my "" friends"" behaved. One got infected and transmitted virus to his old father,who barelly survived.Other have conspiration theories,and I keep my moth shut talking over phone,since their conclusions are far from medical truth. Yes,and I got chips in my blood since vacc.Idiots."
176001878,Until yesterday I hadn’t eaten any processed sugar for months. I would wake up every morning drink like 3 cups of tea and a litre of water. Thing is this water seemed to go straight through me. I was always peeing and my mouth was continuously dry. I if stood up to quick I got dizzy. Yesterday I got some donuts. I had some this morning and found I had zero dry mouth problems. I felt a lot better. Does this sound like a blood problem to folks? Getting bloods done in a few weeks
176001879,no you are not stupid
176001880,Good luck! Quitting smoking is beyond worth it!!
176001881,"I recently moved to a new place in America and went to my new doctor and asked to be prescribed my one medication that I’ve used for a long time to treat my symptoms of SZ and that works for me. Imagine having a prescribed medication that works and then having a new doctor tell you they do not like to prescribe that medication or they do not prescribe that medication as a primary way of treating SZ. The medication is Klonopin and I’ve bee prescribed one milligram taken daily and I’ve been able to be in relationships, and work as a Truck Driver. I can only guess that due to the addictive nature of this benzo, due to the addiction epidemic in this country and dangers of mixing alcohol and opiates resulting in death - that these are the reasons they have bias against it - I take it as prescribed and am able to live a decent life - my life isn’t great but considering everything it is pretty good. Who do I turn to for help with the medical field will not? Trying to see a pyschiatrist is a joke c
ause if you actually find one that is accepting new patients the wait time is months - In the mean time I need to look for a job I lost after signing a lease I now cannot afford and my girl friend has decided to leave me due to my irritability after the disuse of klonopin. I’m scared I’ll wind up dead on the street and of course no one will care - Do please help. Who can I turn to for help? The police cold likely respond but from watching media that seems like a horrible idea since they shoot the mentally ILL - Should I go to the emergency room? The support and care is dismal for many of us - one only needs to go to California to see the misery in the homeless sections there. If I die then that is not fair to my family and friends."
176001882,"I used to be very nervous and uneasy about it. But I was in a situation where I had to make frequent phone calls, and it got easier as I got more used to it. I also discovered that the longer I agonized over it before getting it over with, the more nervous I got."
176001883,"I don’t know how to answer your question but to share my experience. I had countless delusions. And many very odd things have happened to me, so I am prone to believe in anything. If it gets intolerable maybe you’ll just say f- it! and it will go away. I taught myself to doubt. But you can’t live totally in doubt or you won’t know anything. True belief can feel different, but it can seem like the difference between Pepsi and Coke, I think. I don’t know how I stopped believing my voices were real, they just don’t seem to be, even though the ideas are so inventive I wonder how I did it. The human mind can do the most remarkable of things!"
176001884,I’m going to selfishly say yes because of the implications of him actually running for president.
176001885,"I was instantly hooked to heavy metal because it had truth and it had no fear of expressing anything. That is not ego driven. Depends on type of band, music and lyrics we choose to listen to. It actually helps with my depression, stay motivated and do my work to feed my family."
176001886,I sure am……….
176001887,Even if they are harassing I’ve learnt a few things. I have to enjoy my day til they come home.
176001888,"I just meant it doesn’t require years of psychoanalysis to figure out you’re constipated. I see your point, though."
176001889,"Happy, Hungry, Funny PIGGIES (!!!)."
174342154,I am only able to keep my employment because I take my medication and shut my mouth about my mental illness. I just do the work I am told to do and collect my paycheque. Anything in the realm of schizophrenia I stay away from.
176001890,Last time I told him this he raised my risperdal from 3mg to 4mg.
174342163,"A little bit of madness, just a touch, is kind of an awakening. But schizophrenia is like a _NAME_ truck full of madness dumped on your head. Probably not going to help."
176001891,the xx The xx - On Hold (Official Audio)
176001892,"I used to have these delusions. Luckily, a combination of medication, CBT, and biofeedback therapy helped me."
176001893,"Delusions, for me, are much harder to treat."
176001894,"ahah yeah I see it, nicely interpreted."
176001895,"Same, it was the same for me. I have blanks of my time in hospital too, even though the meds were working straight away with me. I do remember fighting the transport team between the diagnosis centre and the clinic itself though. I wasn’t put on antidepressants though, it was assumed I was still under the influence of street drugs. I don’t think the incarceration situation was even recorded on paper. In the UK system, patients are generally afforded a good level of defence or understanding in my experience"
176001896,"Very calming,trees are wonderful!"
176001897,"Age doesn’t really matter, I am single since having sz and I am 30 now."
176001898,"I’ve lost motivation, emotions for the most part, friendships, a few jobs, two apartments, some dignity,"
174342155,"A little depressing, as it would seem that there is no way to get those synapses back."
174342153,You’re on a sub therapeutic dose of abilify. 10mg is the minimum dose for schizophrenia.
176001899,"Well Google seems to point towards this being non fatal, still not good though, you should go to a hospital if you took that 11g I think."
176001900,I’m sorry. Flashback nightmares are horrid. Hope tonight is easier for you.
176001901,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ . Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Ninjastar Volunteer Moderator"
176001902,"Pretty close. I don’t get as mad as fast, but I do get angry now. On Invega I had no anger and was totally apathetic."
176001903,"Antipasti selections, cheese salamis chorizo crusty bread…"
176001904,FierceBiotech Hopkins team invents non-viral system for getting gene therapy into cells Noninfectious viruses used to deliver gene therapy can still sometimes touch off dangerous immune responses. A team from Johns Hopkins Medicine has developed an alternative method for transporting large therapies into cells—including genes and even...
174342162,"I’ve been diagnosed with a lot. Schizotypal personality disorder Dissociative disorder NOS Avoidant Personality disorder Social Phobia ADHD Bipolar 2 disorder (in 2018) Psychosis NOS Depression and Anxiety Alcoholism Schizophrenia, paranoid type"
174342160,"Did you willingly go? Or did they just force you to? Because, I am so not willing to go… I do not want to get hospitalized"
176001905,"We can never quit this number, its all laid out for us. Eh?"
176001906,Your singing voice is great.
176001907,"I don’t mean to be mean, but aren’t you Irish? Isn’t English your first language? That sentence you wrote doesn’t make sense, you really should try harder with your grammar. I think you wanted to ask how people become millionaires after winning the lotteries if nothing is handed out? The truth is, sometimes money is handed out like that. But for most of us it isn’t. Life is unfair, and that’s just how it is. If you expect things to just fall in your lap with no effort on your part, chances are they won’t."
176001908,What about friendships?
176001909,im gona get off antisycotic and just say stuff it._USER_ID_ if i start hallucinating again.i got no choice.otherwise i become homeless.
176001910,my vape is better bc its water based as opposed to oil basically sugary water solution
176001911,"_AT_MENTION_ Yes, it is Citalopram"
176001912,Yeah living in an apartment can be rough if you have noisy neighbors. I know you have a lot of problems with yours. It sucks to have extra stressors when you’re already dealing with sz. Sorry _AT_MENTION_. I know it sucks.
174342164,welcome to this interesting place
176001913,"I did notice bad people were often considered ugly. It made me feel like I might as well not try to be good, because people would judge me anyways. When I was a little girl, I wanted to be a princess. But princesses were pretty, had long hair, and wore dresses. MY mum kept giving me bowl cuts and putting me in androgynous hand-me-downs, so I felt like I wasn’t beautiful enough to qualify and no one would ever want me"
176001914,Where are they? Aren’t they just putting on the dog?
176001915,"I know I sound out of touch of reality because I sound crazy sometimes. But my thoughts tell me people think or talk about me behind my back calling me a space cadet and stuff haha. I don’t know. Maybe it’s true, maybe it’s not. I know I talk about aliens, simulation theory, and time travel a lot. It’s almost an obsession. I looked up the definition and it makes sense sort of. My psychiatrist or psychologist used to say my thoughts are in the clouds. She said I had advanced thoughts or something too. But I need to stay on planet earth haha. Can anyone relate?"
176001916,"sort of, really in name only. it’s been since semptember since I submitted a request"
176001917,"As far as I know human’s don’t know how to shape shift. There may be some alien species in space somewhere who can? I do have this thing though that everyone seems to look the same. Like all the faces are familiar, I think you look like someone I know. I can’t put my finger on who it is though."
176001918,It’s the illness but I thought I scored high on autism … does autism have psychosis too
176001919,_AT_MENTION_. So are most pure breeds I think?
176001920,Wishing you better weather!
176001921,"I just remember when I got out of the mental hospital the first time and my mom, who never showed me any affection my whole life because she isn’t an affectionate person, put her arms around me and said “it’s going to be alright” It made me feel like it really was going to be alright. And I really needed that hug badly. That’s the first time my mom realized I was mentally ill and was dealing with something bigger than me and we both knew it. I got a lot of support after that and a lot of understanding."
176001922,Slang for psyche ward or mental hospital. I prefer “funny farm” or “laughing academy”.
176001923,Right on! I’m waiting for the rain to stop so I can get my own walkies in.
176001924,"I think you create your own reality. If you stay positive things will good, if not, then they won’t be. Delusions are just altered realities, it sucks being delusional, but hey, its not the end of the world. !!"
176001925,Right now lack of motivation and anxiety are the two main symptoms but I do get a few voices and visuals that bother too.
176001926,"Yes, I do affirmations all the time. I’m not sure how my self esteem is."
176001927,Levothyroxine pill helped me to overcome some of the cognitive issues. I have hypothyroidism. Low thyroid levels affect cognition. A target TSH of 1.0 or less needed to feel better.
176001928,But why do i feel scared and bad about it.
176001929,Had 2 showers today
176001930,I like to play soccer!
176001931,Okay. Thanks for the advice.
174342171,"After my first breakdown I was on meds till my remission two years later, and another two years after that I stopped. Five years later relapse and back on meds _PERSON_ coming off numerous times but failed. Gotta be on for life now!"
176001932,"I have no faith in humanity, many people are suffering or in painful poverty and nobody cares."
176001933,My pdoc just prescribed it for me a couple of days ago. Do you like it and did it help?
176001934,Who said that to you? Voices?
176001935,"Its the story of everyone who have negative, cognitive symptoms."
176001936,"I weighed in at 245 today, 23 pounds lost since starting Zyprexa, 74 pounds lost total."
176001937,i am thinking how to escape matrix
176001938,I think butterflies and fireworks don’t always need to be there at first - they can come later. When I first met my husband it wasn’t a chemical attraction at first sight but a soft gentle positive feeling. By the time we got married I got more attracted physically and the butterflies came. Now after eight years I don’t have butterflies anymore because of my sza and meds - but I can’t stop hugging and kissing him. My love for him has grown over time till now when I feel he is my other half of my heart. True love grows and lust fades away. Good luck with your relationship!
176001939,If anything your ass probably impressed someone.
176001940,I think my husband has it. He gets a lot of games when they come out. He gets free games at times to review.
176001941,Everyone’s experience with antipsychotics is different but for me there has been a tiny improvement and that is after 9 months.
176001942,Answer on question yes Why not ?
176001943,I couldn’t stick to that. I was addicted and would always overdo it. I couldn’t cut it down so I had to cut it out.
176001944,I pay $6 to what usually is a $120 on my medication. Can’t complain really
176001945,The last movie I saw where they used a straight jacket was one of the Pink Panther movies. I don’t remember the year.
176001946,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001947,Walk my brothers dogs. Visit my sacred neigh. Watch Vikings and shower.
176001948,Used to see a therapist and no pdoc. Now I have neither ???? kinda sucks
176001949,its going to take you higher.
176001950,It’s important to limit time on devices near bedtime. Practice good sleep hygiene. I don’t know of activating or blocking dopamine. a neuroscientist might
176001951,I was about to ask the same thing.
176001952,I met with the nurse today and she emailed my Dr. while I was there I told her everything I was feeling just have to wait until the Dr. gets back with me on what the next step should be I should hear something by tomorrow if not my mom and I are going back to the Behavioral Health place again.
176001953,"Yeah I’ve been writing about that one for years.Being on SSI, and SSDI in order to afford meds limits the lifestyle options you have as well."
176001954,I completely understand. But it’s going to get better. Don’t make permanent decisions to solve temporary problems.
176001955,I caaaaan get aroused but usually don’t . I do not masturbate or have sex. I’m celibate and single. I want to have sex again with intimacy like I did with the father of our dead son I aborted when psychotic.he and I were intimate and our hearts clicked. I was attracted to a woman and turned on by her but she’s taken . I don’t think of sex often. I want to have ecstatic sex love making again. Depends on who you have sex with. Most sex I’ve had has been pretty meeeeaa
176001956,Thanks _PERSON_.
176001957,"How can we hate Koreans when Parasite won best picture? I saw it in theaters too, damn good movie!"
176001958,Depends on which hospital I was in. Some were like hotels and others jails. But mostly it was ok just boring. Nice feeling safe though
176001959,I thought you told me Abilify works for you? Hmmm
176001960,anyone want to recommend title change?
176001961,I’m not as impulsive anymore … but even more slow to make decisions… my partner says I’m thinking things through more… its a plus but I donr feel any joy
176001962,Heyy I’m sure you look OK.
176001963,You did the right thing! Give yourself a pat on the back and remember that you are loved.
176001964,I want to publish my book on my journey with mental illness. That’s how I feel - I want to break the _USER_ID_.
176001965,To avoid danger living in a city I’ve lost all confidence
176001966,"Do you have any hobbies you do in your spare time, like crafting things? You could make money out of selling items you make."
174342174,What side of your brain do you use? I’m left handed but really I’m ambidextrous. Some things I do are dominated by my left hand and some things my right. . I feel like I use my brain the same way. They say we either are dominated by one side or the other. I feel like I use both interchangeably or sometimes both at once. I wonder if this is related to schizophrenia somehow. What side do you use?
176001967,Successful attempt I would say!
174342172,I’ve actually settled on 6pm. I get up at noon and go to bed at midnight. It’s all personal trial and error though.
176001968,I’m planning to go on Abilify LAI in the near future and my insurance covers both Maintena and Aristada. Is there a difference between these 2 besides how often you get the injection?
176001969,"That is awesome. If it’s ok for me to ask, how did it save your life?"
176001970,"Don’t lose hope, _AT_MENTION_. You can get that weight off. I’ve gained since COVID and just started dieting again. I think it’s already coming off. You’ve just got to give it some effort and time. That said, I’m sure you look great, Don’t be so hard on yourself."
176001971,I didn’t mean to use you like that. It was for a good cause.
176001972,My health care from work only covers up to 500$ dental and half my medication. I still have to pay for it too. 60$/mnth
176001973,I don’t know about insurance company things. Sounds rough. In the UK I get my meds for free.
176001974,"My sister also has schizophrenia. So yes. She’s doing a little better than I am, though. She works full time and does really well in the competitive entertainment industry. I could never do the high stress work she does."
176001975,yea every time i hear my mums voice it brings me back to psychosis it is not her fault. it just is like that because the voices knew how to alter my mums voice in my head to make me feel very stressed out
176001976,"Do u mind me asking wat were the reasons they diagnosed u in the first place. If they diagnosed u, u mist likely are"
176001977,There was a similar thread not too long ago - Concentration/ memory
176001978,I know what you mean. A person still has to know things about themself and live with themself. But it’s the youth that makes me attach a name. I’m still a bit of a god fearing person. And tomorrow I may choose differently : )
176001979,Better than the original. I want to see the next
176001980,"We call that her mind being in the gutter. Really, I wish she’d had better dreams for me."
176001981,"Why are you treating life like a race? You only have to deal with your own conscience at the end of the day. As long as your kids are happy, you should be at ease. Try to curb their high expectations if they have those."
176001982,"I am doing about 15,000 steps a day at work just moving around. On top of that I swim 500m a week four times. No wonder the weight has dropped 25 kilos this year! Have to keep it up"
176001983,"We have an agency in my county that provides housing, medication, psychiatry, and a day program. They do it on Medicaid and the monthly disability checks."
176001984,"I wouldn’t, its not something to be proud of, its sad!"
176001985,No worries! 151515
176001986,"His personality got destroyed. He became aggressive, bad social behavior, risky behavior etc His personality got damaged because personality and social behavior are in the frontal cortex. Neuroplasticity doesn’t help much in severe brain damage. We studied him in neuroscience: ""_PERSON_ didn’t die. But the tamping iron destroyed much of his brain’s left frontal lobe, and _PERSON_’s once even-tempered personality changed dramatically. “He is fitful, irreverent, indulging at times in the grossest profanity, which was not previously his custom,” wrote _NAME_, the physician who treated _PERSON_ after the accident. This sudden personality transformation is why _PERSON_ shows up in so many medical textbooks, says _NAME_, an honorary professor at the Melbourne School of Psychological Sciences and the author of An Odd Kind of Fame: Stories of Phineas Gage. "" NPR.org Why Brain Scientists Are Still Obsessed With The Curious Case Of Phineas Gage In 1848, a railroad worker survived an accident th
at drove a 13-pound iron bar through his head. The injury changed his personality, and our understanding of the brain."
176001987,I wouldn’t think so. I take mine sometimes hours apart and besides when the drowsiness kicks in I don’t know that its affected me in any noticeable way.
176001988,Only when diagnosed. I see it. Same with schizophrenia. I knew something was wrong.
176001989,"Thanks 81 kilos as of yesterday. For a BMI in the healthy range for my height I need to hit 76 kilos. I have muscle starting to form but it’s covered in a layer of fat on my front that I hope will go after some time. I can also feel my rib cage again, and I am fitting better into my medium clothes. I have had to stop wearing a ring as it’s now too big for any of my fingers as it keeps falling off"
176001990,I used to. More so at night. I’m not home alone much these days but when I am I sort of enjoy it now.
176001991,"I think I just feel that I can cope with it. If not, I’ll go to part time. But I’m really hoping I can handle full time,"
176001992,I am feeling a bit down now after they called me this afternoon. Does anyone have any cool cat pictures to cheer me up a bit?
176001993,Trouble is - they even refused my Aps whilst i was in the “diagnosis” period. Tho i admit i wasnt helping matters cos i was raving drunk 99% of the time as a way of medicating - so they probably couldnt assess me properly. I still hate the old Cmht for it tho. When i just had the dx of borderline PD - i was treated like a time waster.
176001994,I met a fellow with a similiar experience. they placed him on an AP and AD to cover the benzo withdrawal
176001995,I take my Zyprexa about 6 hours before going to bed.
176001996,I find it really hard to believe this. At my old apartment complex not only does my hallucination see and hear things that make me think I’m in the cia but I took a photo of a semi truck that had a Humvee on there. Like it was off base? Don’t they worry about people in the ghetto bugging the humvees when they transport them that way?
176001997,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176001998,I take care of my gut.
176001999,"Mine’s going well so far, but I’ll have to see how the holiday season goes. I hope it still feels like Christmas without the snow."
176002000,"Can you blame them ? Women can orgasm multiple times in a row, while a man can just cum once and pass out. I cant argue with these women because the female orgasm is indeed a complex thing, and most men dont want to take the time to actually learn how to please a woman. And yes, some women dont know how to please a man because they’re too busy figuring out how to please themselves."
176002001,"It’s sunday night, I won’t be able to reach her for another 12 hours or so, and I start my apprenticeship tomorrow so I need to be in tip-top shape mentally"
176002002,"Hate, fear , death almost,"
176002003,"I don’t think there is a predisposition, but I haven’t figured it out yet. One reason is you have to get chemically inbalanced so the experts think oh, when you get depression your serotonin gets low. Other chemicals get low when you get sz like doplamine so they think other chemicals don’t get low due to suffering. So that is why they think there is a predisposition."
176002004,"I don’t agree with this and don’t think you have to make everyone an atheist in order to promote recovery. I recovered without becoming an atheist. Also the insinuation that people who have spiritual beliefs are not capable of accepting and understanding science is a bit insulting. I do agree you have to personalize the treatment based on the delusions, but not on the content of the delusion but rather the type. Whether you’re an atheist with the belief that you are from a special superior alien race or religious and believe you are the next messiah, these are both grandiose delusions that exist to protect the individual from feelings of being incompetent, insignificant, etc. So you would work with the person on these things. Versus if you had a person with just paranoid delusions, you would work with them differently."
176002005,"Thanks, i think i can feel some improvement since i went from 20 mg isocarboxide to 30 mg (the plan is to raise the level to 50 mg)"
176002006,"I’m trying to naturally reduce some auditory voices by applying plenty of serotonin producing foods, quitting serotonin blocking coffee and taking sun whenever I can."
176002007,I don’t have good social skills most of the time and not many people to talk with irl. Mostly because of my isolating and thought disorder.
174342181,"Rarely it happens to me, a handful of times a year, I forgot a morning dose of my Wellbutrin and Lorazepam last week for the first time ever, luckily I had my mid day dose of both with me to get at least part of what I normally take. If I do forget though it is usually my nightly Invega and Abilify, I then take them in the morning and don’t notice much different. If I forget my nightly meds it does make it a bit harder to sleep."
176002008,"Other than working for my parents or working a work trial period through ticket to work before it ultimately not working out, I think my last real other job was working as a carpenter on a house in 2010!! Where I proceeded to steal expired opiates (which didn’t work btw) as well as put nails in the wrong spot in putting the cupboard together. So the boss just stopped calling me. I was real ?????? up and psychotic. Previously I worked at least every summer but then my life changed after I got psychosis. Could never get a real job until I recovered just lately thanks."
176002009,I’ve had someone tell me that- “all people are mentally ill” I don’t believe it.
176002010,Your Dr should know what are dangerous prolactin levels.
174342182,"My schizophrenia has been torturing me with feelings worse than pain. I am taking antipsychotics, but to my symptoms they are like pain killers that won’t ease the pain. It is possible this torture will kill me in the near future."
174342185,"I don’t take anti depressants but I used to take, if I ever take anti depressants again I’m going to loose it just thinking on what it can do to my manhood"
176002011,An example of seeing spirits: I forgot to feed a feral cat today so I went outside this evening when it was almost dark and heard a voice bossing me. Then a whitish blue/grey figure near a large tree appeared and when I encountered the figure the voice stopped harassing me.
176002012,"I got married, and yes there are risks, just remember the 50 50 rule. and safety first, and you well do fine."
176002013,how long have you been having the crawling sensations?
176002014,"they can be cognitive decline from the illness, are u on meds? i always experience these as well"
176002015,"I can’t comment on how things are for women, but I have no reason to disagree that what you’re saying is true. I’m just tired of the sentiment that we shouldn’t talk about these things. It seems you’re either a social justice warrior feminist or a men’s rights activist incel when you try to talk about how or whether men are sometimes biologically different from women. But I’ll admit I was a bit triggered by this thread. I might have been unreasonable. I don’t know."
176002016,I think sometimes you need to be offended to really understand how serious your condition is. now you realize that taking your medication is important
176002017,"Sorry everyone, I’m vacationing with a lady that said I was a labrat, withdrawan and not the same person. They are the ones that get a kick out of people’s vulnerabilities. I thank everyone on here for their continuous support. I was completely out of line and life isn’t about thinking people are out to get me. I feel like I’m over coming a lot. _AT_MENTION_ I understand your frustrations and I am listening to you with all the advice you give me. I am getting the shot every 3 weeks. It was determined last Tuesday"
176002018,It sounds like you need to get rid of your guns to keep you from accidentally hurting someone
176002019,https://www.instagram.com/p/CCi1PtkFMtCcjOkEx34egJrs7MLeUDW0pafQY80/
176002020,So tired… I’m not getting much rest lately and I need my beauty sleep. I don’t want to scare anyone with all my random photos but I’d like to offer some iced mints to my WWII friends.
176002021,"We are 5, not long ago we were 6 lol Both of our bathrooms are full of tp."
176002022,"That must be so difficult to deal with, not always knowing when those mood spikes will happen. My mood symptoms are waaay more gradual-- it starts slipping little by little to the point I’m just laying in bed the whole day until I eventually bounce back. Think your idea of speaking to your pdoc is a good one-- hopefully they’ll be able to help"
174342186,"I haven’t been involved with anyone except kissing someone and 2.5 years ago, I was involved, but he was too young and it was a mistake."
176002023,"Crack addict for four years in the late eighties. Made a few half-hearted attempts to stop but kept going back to the compulsion and obsession to smoke crack whenever I could scrape together $20.00 for a rock. Sold almost all my possessions for crack, including stereos, TV’s, radios, tool chests even literally the clothes off my back. My life revolved around getting and smoking crack. Was the occasional victim of violence, got conned a lot, did a little conning myself, bounced checks, knocked on neighbors doors to borrow money, got pushed around and threatened physically by cops etc. Tried heroin, smoked pot despite the fact it made me paranoid and psychotic and it was no fun at all. Got drunk every chance I got during that time but luckily I did not cross the line into alcoholism. Spend a LOT of time in a predominantly black city with one of the highest murder rates in California at the time. I’m white and was constantly asked if I was a cop. But then I also spent a lot of time on nearby Stanf
ord University campus. One day I’m smoking crack in an abandoned house with 4 or 5 strangers I just met in the city and the next night I would be hanging out in the dorms with rich kids and going to parties in the frat houses or going to the campus movie theater watching “The Lost Boys” while high on crack. Many misadventures, much misery and craziness. The last year I was using, I dabbled in AA and CA, going to meetings but never took it seriously. But in 1990 I got serious about recovery. I found a really good, small AA meeting that I liked and started going regularly and I liked the people. I found a couple other nearby meetings and started going to those too. Eventually, I found a few other meetings that were close enough to walk to or catch a bus to and for the next four years I was going to 5 or 6 meetings a week. I eventually got a sponsor and worked the steps. I really committed myself to AA and got into service and went to functions like dances and barbeques. I didn’t make a lot of friends bu
t I was on a friendly basis with many peoole who saw me for years. I used to get up and talk in meetings all the time. Anyways, I’m going to end this abruptly. I used to love my crack but I love my sobriety more and I have 29 years clean."
176002024,Hi _AT_MENTION_ ! I am on a high protein and vegetable diet cutting out carbs. so far I have lost 3 pounds.
176002025,About your diagnosis and treatment? ?f so do you find this is professional? for me all my p doc have used different medication and different dosage on me.but ? m not the different person. So why all p docs have different so much opinion about our diagnosis and treatment? Do you also find this insecure as me?
176002026,Did you change your meds recently? You could be having withdrawals.
176002027,"I felt so negative and angry, and was getting fed up with with my doctors office and thought I shouldn’t even get it if Im going through the hell I was every end of the month since my doctors office won’t prescribe it every 3 weeks instead of 4. I thought why torture myself, my symptoms would clearly go away if I went a couple months off it or forever off it and then they can just up my dose of sencond AP. KIND of your train of thoughts. Well, my pdoc made an exception and let me get it this time but never again. I have to wait the 4 weeks. I’ll tell you I feel so freaking normal after getting it! Get your jab, it’s only a matter of time before you relapse. Be there for your little girl!"
176002028,It’s like an intrusive thought and a feeling in my hands to do it idk
176002029,I understand I’ve only recently got like this like maybe a year now
176002030,Do you make smooth soups or chunky ones? Try snacks of carrots with hummus it’s nice.
176002031,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002032,Likewise. 123456
176002033,"I got a car! So I submitted a volunteer interest form to the hospice, along with a resume and collection of reference letters. I doubt I’ll hear anything until at least next Tuesday, but things are in motion. I hope it’s not too hard to find a volunteer job. I checked the library’s website and they actually have volunteer job openings like a paid working site does. No openings in my area. I didn’t think it was that structured! I guess they don’t want to keep training people who won’t commit. That makes sense."
176002034,"Oy yeah, that’s been happening a lot to me lately. Literally like I’ve been hit by a truck. Or like all my bones are broken. I don’t know what the solution is…I think it’s a summer thing (but idk why). I hope you get some relief!"
174342184,"Hello naturallycured. I hope you’re having success with neurofeedback! This is just my opinion. I don’t think you can get the full benefits of neurofeedback with the muse device since the sensors can’t cover the whole head. 850×290 100 KB Most of the protocols listed in the schizophrenia/neurofeedback research study can’t be done with the muse, since some of the sites trained are at the top of the head or close to it. If you look at the pic the muse only covers the prefrontal and temporal sites, which are only a very small percentage of the standard 19 sites trained with neurofeedback. If you want to be able to train the whole brain, the most affordable yet effective set up i can recommend would be a 2 channel amplifier called u-wiz and as for the software either bioexplorer or bioera (I’d prefer the latter). That setup should cost you around $1k. If you can afford it(for an extra $500) I would get a 4 channel amp called q-wiz. Not only can you train 4 sites at the same time, but you can 
also do HEG (train to increase bloodflow to frontal lobes), and train infra low frequency neurofeedback using bioera. There are other neurofeedback systems but those cost over $5k and are fda cleared so one would have to be a health professional to be able to procure them There is a pretty steep learning curve to using the u-wiz and q-wiz amps and bioexplorer/bioera, so I’d highly recommend to check out _NAME_ deusen’s neurofeedback forum. He provides free support to people using the system I mentioned above. If you have any questions feel free to ask here or send me a pm. Best of luck!"
176002035,It gives me good advice and people relating to your problem.
176002036,My thought insertion delusions used to accuse me of being “impure” as well.
176002037,I’m sorry you;re feeling like this. I can relate to the frustration. I hope you get the help you need and deserve.
176002038,Genetics are a big part of how well one succeeds. But sometimes common sense can make a big difference. For instance I may have a higher degree in history now if I realized that the higher grades I made in the subject than in Meteorology related subjects was a sign on which direction to take in life. (However due to my “laziness” I made a ‘D’ in Cultural Anthropology which was technically a History course. It also was a time I was going through the prodomal phase and I realize it’s possible I may be ???????? about not taking Meteorology right now if I took the History route. But if you are a normie it’s best to go the direction you are best at taking.)
176002039,I’ve always felt like this even when I was a young kid.
176002040,I have a lot of clonazepam pills at my disposal. I’m just really fascinated by benzos and how many different chemical classes there are.
174342176,"When I was young, I didn’t think I’d make it past age 30. When I surpassed that mark, it got raised to age 54. Well, now that I’m 59, I’m not betting against myself anymore."
176002041,The judge WANTS to see you at your worst. It helps them see you aren’t kidding.
176002042,Just cause they wanted you to be paranoid doesn’t mean you get sz from them. It was prob the stress
176002043,"My dad used to be annoying and I don’t want to say that but he embarrassed me terribly , i miss that in a weird sort of way"
176002044,FB_IMG_15875183688557129720×603 122 KB I thought this list seemed pretty reasonable.
176002045,Im wondering if my memory is actually bad or my doubts make me feel like i forgot doing my compulsion
176002046,Everything is back to normal now. I felt everything was pointless and wanted to drink to self destruct basically. I’d become a bit of a danger to myself. But I’d also lost insight into how bad I was feeling. But like I said everything is ok now.
176002047,Bit of a trigger warning to those sensitive ears This reminds me of _PERSON_ from the 90s if he was a Jewish/Italian kid instead of his real self. Not to boast or brag but I’m kinda proud of this one Amazing what taking a break from cannabis and some “smooth compression” As _AT_MENTION_ said on my voice can do for me!!
176002048,How is _NAME_ the ????? cat?
176002049,"Your thinking is grandiose, paranoid and delusional. Take your meds as prescribed, change them or increase their dosage. You won’t get better by posting here. That’s why your last thread was closed."
176002050,"Thanks, friend. I’m here for you too."
176002051,_AT_MENTION_ yeah being discouraged is more or less the number 1 way to never find it lol…got a few friends like that _AT_MENTION_ and yeah that is definitely worth mentioning. Forcing symmetry on something so complicated can really out shadow the value of the simpler things… like a situation where things are good… but someone is dissapointed because they feel like it’s not good enough. I do have one love interest in mind… but it’s quite clear that girl would have the time for the tremendous importance I’ve given it… trying to back down from that sort of absolution. She at least smiles at me and makes eye contact…most all of the time.
176002052,"Normal home I would suspect. It looks little bit mischievous on full lockdown I agree, but otherwise it’s a nice home. I’m posting a link with photos inside. Divisare _NAME_ - KWK Promes · Safe House Location The house is situated in a small village at the outskirts of Warsaw. The surroundings are dominated with usual „Polish cubes” from the sixties and old wooden barns. Idea The clients' top priority was to gain the feeling of maximum security..."
176002053,mine are similar to yours. I have my 8 business ideas which will never get off the ground. and also I want a winter home someplace a little warmer.
176002054,Why can not you?
176002055,"Cogentin makes things worse according google, but I don’t know if its true"
176002056,I’m on a waiting list. Waiting for my turn.
176002057,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ . I hope they go away.
176002058,"Meds alter the function of your brain while you’re on them, and perhaps mildly afterward depending on the med and the duration you’re on them. Most of the changes are regarded as beneficial and improve the lives of most who take them. Lobotomies permanently destroy brain tissue and are regarded as barbaric, inhumane treatments because of how they crippled those subjected to them. Former practitioners of this are viewed in the same light as Nazi physicians now. I’m gobsmacked you would compare the two."
174342177,Clopixol is older drug available in Europe.Also Perfenazine.
176002059,I’ve been on 3 APs at once before. A high dose of 1 seems like too much for me.
176002060,"Pretty damn impressive acheivements _AT_MENTION_ ! I went to UofT for a B.Sc in Computer Science but my problems became too severe in the last year of my program and I had to leave Canada permanently. According to my folks it doesn’t have a good healthcare system for serious problems. I had an arranged marriage in India but my wife divorced me after a few months because I was, er, unable to perform in the bedroom. We parted on reasonably good terms. She doesn’t contact me anymore but I don’t mind. I find it amazing that you can be a mom to 5 kids! I really wish I could have been a parent sometimes but I can accept that I’m not. Probably for the best anyway."
176002061,_NAME_ is the Hindu goddess
176002062,I take amisulpride and olanzapine my olanzapine dose is 5mg and amisulpride 200mg But I don’t know about quetiapine with olanzapine . I did take it first ap I tried but when I switched to olanzapine I did it with pdoc help In 2013 I was taking amisulpride and stopped it and ran out then took my husband’s haloperidol. Big mistake! It didn’t work and I ended up in hospital Please be careful - different people handle different meds differently Do ask your pdoc first!
176002063,"It makes sense drugs like LSD can make us experience altered states and antipsychotics can normalise us. They both infuence the brain which creates the mind, question is why would our minds experience things that others say are not real. Dont think its all chemical"
174342187,"I think I’m starting to realize I have a mental illness. I can’t find a hidden camera anywhere, and I dont think there are hidden live stream cameras that can be implanted in my skin. Can schizophrenia be this debilitating? Can it be this serious?"
176002064,I will be 44 in December
176002065,I don’t read PKD because it’s genre is paranoid fiction and I’m already delusional lol. He has really good books though. I try to stick with math books or popular physics books.
176002066,_AT_MENTION_ I think you will do fine as an intern/ even a full time position. I say go for it and maybe your dreams of success will come true… This is often the case for all of us If we focus on a goal and try for it.
176002067,? want to certify my my diploma that i earn at _NAME_ australia and consulate said that in case of my diploma to get valid i have to certified by public notary in australia.thats why i contact with public notary in melbourne.public notary were nice and welcoming.but he suspicious by my mails (i think i my language was foggy) that s why he ask for zoom meeting for talk this issue.and i said that i diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and i have social anxiety with online meetings.is this suspicious act.i mean i didn t hide anything from them.and i can send my passport details and everything that they need.i mean i have right to talk with public notary as sz patient right?
176002068,Mine is too. _PHONE_NO_
176002069,Awesome! Who was doing backup vocals?
176002070,Interesting. I assume you include things like jam and peanut butter as sugars?
176002071,"Few people can truly appreciate a genius during their lifetime. I say keep up the good work and go down in history, a visionary"
176002072,I take concerta. It helps somewhat
176002073,I know they mean well. Some days are good others are just ugh.
176002074,Not one near me. I looked them up though. The only thing we have is _USER_ID_ and their meetings are all at night. Never been. Too close to bed time.
176002075,What jerks! I’m so sorry that happened.
176002076,"It’s an illness, it can be treated and managed, and one can have life in spite of it. It doesn’t need to define me as a person. My accomplishments are what define me."
174342192,"I was TheCircleOfFifths before. I must say that you sound more organized than you did in many of your older posts. I don’t really use any social media, but I’m planning using some sites in the future like Instagram and Bumble. I’ll message you when I finally get around to joining."
176002077,Thanks for the bumps guys! Haha. Go Zyprexa!
174342199,"A lot of family members on the family forum say that meds make their loved ones act like they used to. My personality came back after the first couple years, when the delusions stopped. I’m still not as sharp as I used to be but that’s an intelligence problem, not a personality problem."
176002078,I think it’s the perphenazine.
174342198,"Thanks for the advice. Unfortunately I’ve been on both abilify and vraylar and neither worked for me. Abilify made me sleepy and vraylar gave me insomnia, neither did much for voices."
176002079,"No thats not a symptom. Cough, shortness of breath, and fever are symptoms."
176002080,haha the one option that no one said
176002081,"They were out of the house for 2 days and I felt better, more social with guests, etc. Now I feel depressed and suicidal because they’re back. They’re back at insulting me, making fun of my sz and of my obese body. My parents won’t let them go out of the house, one will stay forever with me, he’s a bad person with bad friends. My parents told me to go live in the street if I am not happy. I really think now that living in the street is better than getting insulted and humiliated all day."
176002082,mine might be because my brother likes to fit in with my sister and her husband. he will be mean to me to fit in. i was the favorite growing up. my sister has a older sibling complex. she’s hated me all my life. i won’t even take his calls anymore. i feel like he reports to my sister everything i say. i know this to be true from conversations with them. she will know stuff i tell him. but when i speak with my brother we never even hardly talk about my sister. but i doubt anyone is after you or listening to your phone calls. but in truth all phone calls are probably recorded.
174342204,Do you take clozapine? I get some incontinence and it’s from clozapine. I’m not peeing the bed just have a little leakege in my underwear.
176002083,You are not extremely treatment resistant on two or 3 antipsychotics if you respond good on them. I am what is called a super responder because the 3 antipsychotics I am on wipe out every positive symptoms. So if one ain’t enough go for two. But if two ain’t enough go for 3 antipsychotics or Clozapine. I am on 600 mg qutiapine and 160 mg Ziprasidone. Beside of that I am also on 400 mg. Clopixol depot every 3 week.
176002084,I’m sorry you have to deal with that _AT_MENTION_
176002085,I AGREE!!! I love the poems. 123456
174342193,"https://www.psychiatryadvisor.com/home/schizophrenia-advisor/white-matter-abnormalities-related-to-the-risk-for-schizophrenia-in-infants/ Young children at risk for schizophrenia can develop abnormal white matter in the hippocampal segment of left cingulum that can be detected during the first 2 years of life, according to a study published in Schizophrenia Research ."
176002086,"Sorry _AT_MENTION_. Maybe a break would be helpful. Or if it just happened today, sleep on it and see how you feel in the morning."
176002087,"You could try Lion’s mane, either the powder or Amyloban 3399, along with your medication. I’ve been taking Amyloban for about 2 months now and no new voices have been coming out and the ones that have been with me for years are less frequent and hardly noticeable. If you get the powder get it from Real Mushrooms brand or from Nootropics Depot. So far that and lecithin have been the most help for me so far (and I’ve been experimenting with supplements for years.)"
176002088,"It make me dizzy, so very little for me"
176002089,that is really very good you have talent
176002090,Psychosis does permanent damage. That alone is enough to keep me on my meds.
176002091,Thanks! Hopefully it will last.
176002092,You should pm me
176002093,All McDonald’s in UK will close!! BBC news
176002094,"I’m on a higher dosage of AD than AP. It helps with the negative thoughts. With PD, I tend to have more negative thoughts and paranoid delusions that is related to my PTSD. I also hallucinate on a rare basis with a remission in between. You have to talk to your pdoc to see if your PD is more depression-based, or more psychosis-based. But usually, I don’t have many strange beliefs like people with sz do (they mostly have reasoning of some sort behind them, like I am afraid of people because I was abused or has to do with your low self-esteem)."
176002095,Me too.
176002096,"Speaking in humanitarian terms, it would be unfair to schizophrenics to not live fulfilling lives."
174342208,That’s interesting
176002098,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ hope it goes well
176002099,"You guys are all super smart and operate at a much, much higher level than me. I am a dummy down here."
176002100,Who goes to psychiatrists any more? I’ve been seeing only Nurses for many years.
176002101,It’s wonderful that you have someone like her to help you through this rough time.
176002102,It sounds like you need meds adjusted. That happens to me when I focus too much on them. You HAVE to meditate those suckers out of you if you can and drug the b a s t a r d s if meditation doesn’t work
176002103,Thank you. I hope you have a great day. A walk is an excellent idea. Maybe I’ll do that too. Thanks for the idea.
176002104,"No what spiderpig said, about the character minimum"
176002105,So I drink some tea and coffee to beat sedation. I don’t go psychotic but I’m on anti psychotics. Wouldn’t it be if it was a pro psychotic you’d see way more psychotic people? The western business world runs on caffeine. We all seek our personal reasons but I’m not sure that this would correlate in any studies. Explain the fact that across boundaries and cultures it’s relatively 1%… That really could be noble prize material.
176002106,I havent had sober sex for years. Things always panned out that way. I can take it or leave it.
176002107,im sweaty now
176002108,If the voices take over then it’s not you who’s smoking and is the weakest being is it.
176002109,"I understand enough about my illness to know that there was probably nothing I could truly do to prevent it. I used to blame it on drugs I was taking when it hit but I must admit that something was terribly wrong with me before I took the meds. I also understand that the family history of mental illness is a real thing, and Mom’s pregnancy had complications. I also am generally at peace with my voices. I understand that I must take the meds as a requirement for us getting along. I also know that “outside forces” were imaginary and didn’t lead to my predicament."
176002110,i take generic it works quiet well
176002111,Yes. I just provided samples of blood and was met on two occasions to see if I had certain dna or something along those lines. Turned out I didn’t have the genes they were studying in relation to psychosis. It was a Cambridge study (the university).
176002112,It’s easy to get into lazy habits.
176002113,"I took it. It didn’t help me. It was like eating candy for me. No side effects, no relief."
176002114,Hey sweetheart! Good to see you. Hanging out with my mom today. Hope everything is going ok! Be safe.
176002115,"Options Clear the air with the neighbors, one neighbor at a time. Ask to speak with them. Explain yourself. Listen to their perspectives. Organize a whole building meeting. Let everyone share. It doesn’t need to be in anger. It can be advertised as a positive time to discuss how to do life better together. Contact the mental health agency and let them know your concerns and ask them how they plan to address it. Move out. Do nothing."
176002116,"Sorry about that _AT_MENTION_. I am afrmy aid someone is in my body, which is possible, I am so scared. I will try to ask them to leave this is the only way… I want to be left alone. Someone is putting images in my mind and making me say things I don’t mean."
176002117,"Well, my mother keeps saying since years, that I’ll be forever alone and sick. She says also, that no one didnt recover from this illness… She tries to make me teach my independence and for the rest, to the loneliness too . Before, I was forgiving her, but to keep saying that I’ll always be sick and alone, is hard tbh… I ended up by enviing my other ill friends, who were said completely the opposite at their worst. So they get better. Me, I knew 20 years of isolation and so much despair about my future, that it became a symptom… I thought for years that I’d be alone and this caused me even physical symptoms… tbh, I have rage today against my mother even though it’s not good… why I had to hear for years, that I’d always be in pain and alone? Maybe I was never treated as a person, not like my other ill friends… Idk why my mother is like this. And now, I should learn to be above my mother’s opinion but nobody will take me back my years of pure hell, while I was alone and so sad
, that I couldn’t stand on my feet even… idk why she was like this…"
176002118,I have a milky coffee. Reading a book. Getting a good sleep. These things keep me happy
174342211,"In many third world countries, schizophrenics take on the roll as Shaman or Healer. No meds. But I don’t think this would be ideal."
176002119,3 rock albums that defined me: No record (1968) by Nihilist Spasm Band Trout Mask Replica (1969) by Captain _USER_ID_ Funhouse (1970) by the Stooges
176002120,_AT_MENTION_ YOU DO HAVE VALUE!! You are significant! You are important! Your illness does not define you! What are your efforts?
176002121,Well it is kind of adultery in my eyes. If you need to look to someone else to get sexual pleasure. I would not think it to be cool if I had a partner that watched porn while in a relationship. I know people have very different opinions on this though.
176002122,Ambivalent . Love them but they are/were far from being brilliant parents.
176002123,"I’m trying too. It’s a rough night. I’ll get through it though, somehow."
176002124,I would suggest trying a free calorie counting app instead if you want to lose weight.
176002125,Did they tellyou they are autistic?
176002126,"pre-diagnosis, I was helping people with their homework, and I was one of those kids who was super smart and just had no common sense. I liked my former self better when it came to having a clear mind and not needing meds or therapy. Over the years I lost the ability to concentrate on a lot of things, which very much effected my adult life, and who I am today"
176002127,That is very impressive. I find it difficult to jog because I get heavy and out of breath and stop. I’m not disciplined enough. I need a instructor good for me. I only do pump twice a week since corona virus outbreak. Glad you seem to be doing well and recovering. Hopefully you will be fully recovered soon.
176002128,"aljazeera.com Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque shut as precaution against coronavirus Holy mosque and Dome of the Rock have closed, but Muslim prayer will still be held outdoors in the Al-Aqsa compound."
176002129,"I’ve always had trouble with women flirting with me since I got married years ago. It’s flattering but also a pain in the butt. I’ve never had trouble making friends…always done well with the ladies. With my charm, breathtaking looks and cutting edge sense of humour, the gals usually line up to swoon over me! (Ahem. Or perhaps this should be in the Unusual Beliefs section)"
176002130,"I then woke up on the ground, looking up. Who knows how long I was out. I should probably tell a doctor or counselor about it but eh I hate reliving it a bunch. This was 4 years ago."
176002131,I don’t know but yeah there’s a lot of hidden info about your device and such in those images.
176002132,"Oh my lord yes, the phone wouldn’t stop yesterday, it was driving me nuts. Thankfully it hasn’t started today."
176002133,I also drink a lot of water so i feel full up!
176002134,I go get my own groceries still. My mother in law hasn’t been able to get delivery at all so I go get hers too.
176002135,Oh that’s great news! I really hope it helps. You deserve to get some relief.
176002136,So sad (((hugs)))
176002137,Worst med under the sun !!!
176002138,it could lead to addiction I guess.
176002139,I lived on the edge of a city it wasn’t too bad. Never lived in the center of a dense city. Nothing is as bad as feeling trapped. Even inside the mental ward when we got to go outside a few times a day I still felt horrible…trapped. Thanks for remembering me. I wonder if I can change my name again but to what
176002140,Congratulations _AT_MENTION_! You will be a great addition to the mod-team!
176002141,"I vape for 10 years now. I feel much better and my lungs thank me. I was a heavy smoker… I would be dead now I think, or I would maybe have a serious illness… I’ve read a lot of stuffs about vape… I really think it’s safer than cigarette. I’m not a lobbyist though."
174342209,Thank you so much. I will try these immediately thank you so much
176002142,"_AT_MENTION_ helps everyone on this site. If this thread is annoying you, you don’t have to read it. There are hundreds of other posts you can spend time on."
176002143,If it makes you feel any better most people who were clinically dead and revived said it was peaceful when they were gone I feel like I told you this before though sorry if I’m repeating myself
176002144,I think it’s good. It is there as a protective measure. Well on my phone I can still raise it again if me wants. Which I do do sometimes but trying to be more careful nowadays.
176002145,"yes and i paid for a week boost then purchased 15 coins, i figured if i want to meet a really nice lady then i got to pay something for the privilege, the coins get me spotlighted so i’m more likely to get spotted. its a pretty good pic and i tried a bit harder with my profile bc it was pants, i really am trying my best. I want to get a really cool professional haircut and wear my aftershave as much as i can lol."
176002146,I never wear make up unless I’m going to a special event. It all wears off because my kids like to pat my face. And now you must think i am a labradoodle.
176002147,Best of luck mate!
176002148,How long does it take for the ap to work? _AT_MENTION_
176002149,Hard core December 2018 Last hallucination March 2019
176002150,Do you have any lower back pain?
176002151,Thanks getting out in any nature setting is quite good for the mind
176002152,"80550798-3390-4B1F-9CC0-4032972AA58B.jpeg 3024×4032 4.2 MB 9322E53B-0F54-43F8-BDDB-42789AEEC6E3.jpeg 3024×4032 4.62 MB E731887A-F83A-4FF8-A222-A_PHONE_NO_.jpeg 2304×4096 3.37 MB WV,USA"
176002153,? think this thread will close but i m giving a shot.so whats your opinion about world war 3? Do you think its imminent?
176002154,"What’s next? Are you doing okay or do you hope for a better future? What are you doing to meet your goals of living the life you want as best you can? I’ve come along well so far and realize that it’s I that am the problem no matter where I go but I still plot in my head and usually go round and round , unsure of any more moves but just sitting in the apt is dreadfully boring and hard to do nothing - I thought travel might be good - That it might be good to live in a place where people were doing stuff outside and I could walk around and site see maybe just be another human being - I feel very isolated right now and this has got to change"
176002155,Ask your doctor for something for anxiety maybe?
176002156,After my sexual assault as a ten year old I shut down. Didn’t care about school after that and had to be put in Special Education for years and years. I was chronically depressed as a teenager. My parents were too busy hating themselves and each other to notice how bad I really was. I always knew something was off with me. Just didn’t have the words to ask for help. -S
176002157,I started playing Wow classic some months ago. Can play in moderation these days. Back in vanilla it was more like an addiction.
176002158,Sorry my mistake: they only suspect sz but haven’t diagnosed me yet. The doc told me that i have sz thats why i thought it was diagnosed
176002159,"For the record, you were suspended by a male moderator who also couldnt tolerate your bull crap. We have more male moderators than female ones."
176002160,"Honestly, I’m waiting for death kinda. What else should explain besides the illness the way I live."
174342216,I also had several UFO experiences. I also feel like many cases of schizophrenia are caused by complex reactions to trauma. Some researchers correlate a moderately to severely traumatic childhood event in like 85% of Szs. Certainly for me it was triggered by trauma because I was abused from 11-13 and my symptoms started shortly after that.
176002161,"I think there is a big difference between seeking attention, and asking for support. There’s a difference between the two."
174342212,Did you have positive symptoms like hallucination?
176002162,"I farm my mothers land and my mom made a will and my brother accused me of influencing my mom to make her change her will. I did not do that but he has audio recordings suggesting otherwise apparently , I don’t believe there’s anything in them. So The ownership of the land in the future is uncertain, I do all the work so I should get the land it’s that simple. Of course the world is unfair so the courts may decide in favour of my brother and the land will be split four ways (there’s four of us) Facing all of this and with the stress of the work,I contemplated and planned killing my brother and burning my other brothers house down. As a result of theses thoughts I decided to leave the farm. That way I won’t have worked all these years and lost anything."
176002163,"Hello _AT_MENTION_ , how are you? I’m sorry about you not seeing your old pdoc."
174342218,Mirage News – 9 Sep 20 Factors predictive of psychopathy and schizophrenia are already present in... The risk of mental health problems should be tested for only when preventive therapies have been developed. Would you prefer to be told that...
176002164,I am very lazy at work…I am very guilty…but I am tired to do more tbh My medicine made me a little more tired
176002165,"But to all my friends the meds act on months, not on years… But I guess there are people like me, no? … But I am ill since kid too… While I am 37 years old now… So should I believe that the meds can relieve my fears after years? I don’t know, it feels here like my doc is lying…"
176002166,"Cut way down on sugar. Watch portion size with whatever you eat. Eat fruits and vegetable’s. Don’t eat too much bread or pasta. Eat lean meat, but not too much red meat. You can eat dairy but try to get the fat-free or low-fat version of stuff like milk, cottage cheese, cream cheese, or cheese. There’s a million diets out there and a lot of them are fad diets though it’s really hard to tell. Just eat a well balanced diet. Don’t eat too much junk food, most of it has way too much sugar, the wrong kind of fat, or too many carbohydrates and has little nutritional value. Eat three meals a day and try to get some protein every day. There’s no diet that works for everyone. A diet that helps me lose 60 lbs. may not work for you at all for various reasons. When I was a kid in the seventies I didn’t need to diet because I was in great shape. But I remember that the nutritionists at that time were saying the very best way to lose weight was eating lots of carbohydrates and counting calories. So 
they recommended eating a lot of bread and pasta Well, I gained weight in my forties in the nineties and I needed to diet and the pendulum had swung the other way and now carbohydrates were the enemy. Back in the 70’s you were advised not to eat too much meat. When I got on the _PERSON_ diet in about 2001 his diet allowed almost limitless meat. So if this all sounds confusing it’s because all the so called experts on dieting and nutrition can’t even agree on the best diet and contradict each other constantly and there’s a lot of misinformation out there. But generally most nutritionists have you avoid too much sugar and agree that eating a lot of varied vegetables is good for you and some dairy is good and eating meat like chicken, fish and a little lean beef is good. Just watch your snacking and snacking is OK but try to make it healthy and eat fruit or maybe cheese or plain yogurt with a few berries or popcorn with no salt or butter."
176002167,"Oh my gosh!!! My husband and I seriously shame eat in parking lots all the time! (No wonder I’m not losing weight!) Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to hunt and gather."
176002168,"I never believe in my audio hallucinations. But, all the other hallucinations I have a hard time not believing in. Especially the visual hallucinations."
176002169,"I teach ether healing and words of physical reality to the sweat of smoke and fire, What is your desire; To be free wife or bearer of the washing drier? My love awaits a single tyre; I’m looking x"
176002170,"I am taking 7,5mg. I have to look for a job at the moment. It helps me knowing that somebody who is taking the same medication is able to work"
176002171,Made it back from work… no alcohol… going to watch some videos about programming and then sneak a set of weight lifting in. Let myself get a coffee… hopefully I’ll be up late enough that sleep will set in naturally… I don’t have to work until 4. So that’s day 3…
176002172,Attack this with logic. How would a real boy be in closets and your work. Do his parents or caregivers know? Does he have a key? How does he get around?
176002173,"My commanding officer in the Air Force once asked me if I was crazy? I told her “no, a little eccentric maybe”. She said, “yes, eccentric”."
176002174,"Well, it is midnight… so not much. I hope tomorrow to finish the old house: one more floor and a few boxes. I hope to work. And i hope to call a friend."
176002175,When I took lithium I shook so bad I could only drink from a bottle and even that was difficult. It was awful. I had to go off of it. Thankfully there was no permanent damage
176002176,"i’ve been taking 60 mg geodon for a while now (about two months), but i’ve seen no improvement. my voices are still as persistent as ever, and i think i’ve actually been visually hallucinating more. i see my psychiatrist in about two weeks; should i try to increase the dosage or just try a different medication?"
176002177,Thank you for sharing your experience. I should go for a medical checkup soonest possible.
176002178,"Yeah, ive doubted that im human when im feeling ill."
174342227,What can you bring to the table? Are you stable on meds? (This is very important) Are you employed? (Preferably) Are you fun to be with? Are you reliable? These are questions she will ask herself from day 1. I’ve found someone. So it’s possible.
176002179,Great tune 151515
176002180,I already have weight gain and drooling
176002181,I love both but I heard that the acid in Sour Patch Kids will rot your teeth! Scary thought!
176002182,You’ve got some great goals! You sound like you’re doing really well
176002183,"I think it (my suffering) mostly had to do with what I posted online on Facebook around 2011. I really can’t remember exactly what happened and I might not want to know or accept it. I probably posted a bunch of stupid crap while drunk or blacked out or something. My mom said I posted something strange but she can’t remember because it was 8 years ago. I still have dreams, visions, and nightmares about it. It haunts me to this day. I had over 200 “friends” on Facebook at the time and was in university. I think I posted stuff like that we lived in a computer simulation and that the world ended many times and ????. Not sure what happened next. I think people couldn’t comprehend it or understand it. This was pretty out there for 2011. No _PERSON_ or _NAME_ (he did the proof before that but not many people knew about it). I guess I got it from an episode from “Through the Wormhole with _NAME_.” Since I keep going back in time and time traveling and maybe even going back sometimes in the f
uture, I keep posting weird ????. So I made it a goal or a rule of mine to never go back to my former university for my own safety. I thought about weird ???? like MK-Ultra like stuff that happened to me but there is absolutely zero proof or evidence. It seemed a million times worse than MK-Ultra… I’ve dropped out of that university thousands, millions, or billions of times. Not to toot my own horn and ???? but I did graduate there with a math degree a few times. I’ve also had some drama there like them hacking my grades and giving me Fs and ???? and fake grades of classes I never took and failing them. I got some dreams/nightmares about this recently, but this did happen in other universes. I was harassed, stalked, and ????. I try to avoid them like the plague."
174342224,"The vast majority of my friends do not know that i have Schizophrenia. They know i have some sort of mental illness, but no which one. Only one of my friends knows, and they’ve fine with it. As for a social life - i try to catch up with at least one of my friends each week. Otherwise, the only other social contact i have is with my partner."
176002184,I just painted a very basic image and want to know if anybody here can see the symbolism of it without actual prompting. Please post in comments if you can and what you see. Thanks. fearandlove.jpg 512×512 39.9 KB _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
174342219,Yes positive symptoms
176002185,"Seeing as no one can dye their roots, I think the Bride of Frankenstein will become the new ‘in fashion look’ for women around the world. image575×800 172 KB"
176002186,I tell them who I would like to pray for
176002187,"Personally speaking, my delusions were the standard persucatory ones combined with ones centered around healing the world. However, those chasing me were people I knew. And I believed I was the symbolic “unicorn”-- healing society of its ills. Mine were not based in the context of government persecution nor religiosity, yet I still had the same themes that one might have if they believed the CIA was after them, or if they were Jesus. I attribute this to growing up in a secular household and having worked closely in a governmental setting as a fellow during the prodromal phase. These are just my experiences, though. The themes themselves are interesting-- as much as their subject matter might vary, there seems to be commonalities in the actual themes themselves among those suffering from delusions."
176002188,"Beliefs often change over time, anyway. I was a believer in God from childhood until I was 21.5, then an agnostic for 18 years, then a believer in God from 39.5 till now (44). It seems natural to change your beliefs as you learn, gain experience, and grow. There is an old saying that may not be true, but it speaks to an expectation that people’s beliefs will probably change over time if they have a functioning brain: google.com If You Are Not a Liberal at 25, You Have No Heart. If You Are Not a..."
176002189,"Yes I know that AP’s can make good mood stabilizers but just wondering if that’s enough on their own. She may raise my Risperdal dose and agree to keep me just on an AP without another mood stabilizer. Thanks _AT_MENTION_, Thanks guys."
176002190,They’re saying be stable for six months and then reduce. I just want to get back to where I was before the last episode.
176002191,I just say I have chronic health issues
176002192,I like to save the diazepam as it’s hard to get. I have a few boxes but I don’t want to waste them
176002193,what would the police do? involuntary admission? im scared of that too but probably not gonna happen since im staying on the injection
176002194,Nurse _PERSON_ was a b word
176002195,My doctor is pretty good. He’ll listen but I’ll also listen to him and his suggestions. I’d share most things that are to do with sz and my depression. Other things I’ve other outlets for like friends etc. Basically we talk shop then it’s international cricket. My shrink does like his cricket.
176002196,"Well you and I must be in different income brackets then. I prefer to get it myself or I tell someone else if they go get my meal for me, they can get something for themselves on my dime. Even that is usually cheaper. _USER_ID_: Ironically I just ordered GrubHub right now. My mom’s doing an audition so there’s nobody to drive for me. A Baconator and large fry was 21.80 ish after 2 dollar tip. So almost double what it normally costs, but at least I’ll eat! Plus I can just drink the cokes I have at home."
176002197,Especially for schizophrenics…
176002198,"I didn’t, should I?"
176002199,"I will regret my post, but dont blame me to be in the same place… I fought even worse things but I am alone in this fight…"
176002200,Idk really I think maybe one of us had but they have recovered. Heck I even thought I had it at one point.
176002201,"I don’t know. I don’t know why I’m still living and I don’t know if my life has meaning, really."
176002202,Wow! Great job. I’m really impressed. I quit too. But I’m still using the nicotine lozenges.
176002203,"I woke up really late. Was up with voices a lot last night it sucked. They wake me up at times. I just got a coffee and am looting my room for cash to go get school supplies as I start the next semester tomorrow. I also have to get in touch with my group that I am assigned to work with for one of my classes this semester. I chat online with one of them a lot already and we have been critiquing each other’s portfolio so I think this is a good match, and I’m hoping to get A’s again this semester."
176002204,Spanish is a relatively easier language to learn compared to French or German… I feel.
174342228,"en.wikipedia.org Damnatio memoriae Damnatio memoriae is a modern Latin phrase meaning ""condemnation of memory"", indicating that a person is to be excluded from official accounts. There are and have been many routes to damnatio, including the destruction of depictions, the removal of names from inscriptions and documents, and even large-scale rewritings of history. The term can be applied to other instances of official scrubbing; the practice is seen as long ago as the reign of the Egyptian pharaoh _PERSON_ in the fourteenth ce... I think it’s saying it’s not right to ditch _PERSON_’s FRS ."
174342225,the government has a personal vendetta against me they want to destroy me and they want me dead. I cant do anything because they are watching my every move. I can buy a house because they will render me bankrupt I cant live my life because they are always plotting to hurt me with people they know. they have a scheme right now to show I’m not schizophrenic. they had someone ???? me and leave me they got to me. they failed at there first attempt now they are comming more for my head. all I can do is lay low save everything I got and devise there plans of ruining me and running me into the grave.
176002205,I like some scrambled egg. Bacon sandwich or french toast.
176002206,I have a large collection of antique film cameras that I am carefully paring down to a smaller collection as I’m tired of the clutter.
176002207,"When I was on the ward for the first time I was obsessed with getting a cat, a flat and a job instead I got pregnant. Go team"
176002208,I sleep in an hour after taking zyprexa. Yes i’ve heard that it’s sedating but look at how long you sleep. I get a bit upset if I sleep 9 hours or more…8 hours is usually pretty good so that is how I base my sleep. I feel cheated if I’m sleeping more than 8. Also. If it works then sometimes it’s not so bad…
176002209,"Sun isn’t death, it’s life. Without the sun life would never be created on earth."
176002210,Oh I agree with _AT_MENTION_ too.
176002211,Hi om! No they didn’t I’m just having another episode where I think they were real so I’m writing down memories of why I think they weren’t or which suggests they weren’t. I have this thing where I think the voices I heard after I got out of hospital weren’t real but the ones before were real so I write down any tricks they did to me after I got out of hospital which the voices I had before also did so that would disprove that theory
176002212,I did wonderful unpardonable sin. That was to hit and cut by half a God in the visual hallucination.
176002213,Is using a wheelchair to get around an option? You can temporarily rent one also. I wish I could send you my manual wheelchair but it’s hard to pull these things (also it would get there a month later).
176002214,You look fabulous _AT_MENTION_ ! Merry Christmas!
176002215,Thanks for the positive words _AT_MENTION_ !
176002216,"Well, does he only do it when you’re there? Does he do it when other people are there? Does he do it if you say something particular? Or other people say something particular? Any patterns to his coughing that you can deduce a simple reason why?"
176002217,"Yes, my sz and my MD changed me. But you know what changed me the most? It’s the people around me who want me to stop talking. It’s just so infuriating to me that my rare disease and my sz are not even to be recognized and it’s to be swept away under the rug. They think it’s the shame of the family. They think it’s not to be talked about. My disease itself did not change me; it is the people who think I’m an abomination who changed me."
176002218,I think the consciousness created us. It split itself infinitely.
176002219,"I was on Clopixol, it has no side effects for me. But it doesn’t do anything. It doesn’t stop the voices or injected thoughts or dreams."
176002220,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m so sorry, but I can’t stay awake and talk with you tonight. I’ll check in with you tomorrow!"
176002221,it helps you breathe when you have sleep-apnea. a machine
176002222,"I believe I have just an average IQ. But my delusions were incredibly complex, so I don’t really believe a more involved delusion has something to do with higher intelligence."
176002223,"I know _AT_MENTION_ , I know, it’s such a temptation. we forget what we’re like off meds. We think we’ll be fine. It took me so many years to finally learn my lesson and just stay on my meds even when I was feeling cured."
176002224,If we talk its only about the meds.
176002225,"there’s a side effect occuring in a bit less than 1% of injections where you get zyprexa overdose symptoms. Because of this, any facility which gives you the injection must be part of a program as well as the pharmacy, they also must either have facilities similar to that of a hospital or be able to quickly transfer you to one. Because of this, many places don’t give the zyprexa injection."
176002226,"I got chased on the train by terrorists and ended up boarding a Eurostar train to Paris. They were using magic to manipulate electricity. When I got to Paris, I saw the Ibis hotel, and I checked in because I thought it was code for Abyss. Luckily they had a cable locking the window, as I was going to jump out of it, but I wasn’t strong enough to break it. I had 3% battery left on my phone, and called my mother and she came to Paris and took me home to hospital"
174342236,I relapsed after a year and a half. Asked my psychiatrist to stop my Abilify and he did it. I regretted it because I nearly killed my brother twice (he bled) and nearly killed myself twice.
176002227,"you had to get a doctor script for that, right? _NAME_’s on them, he never has problems."
176002228,It looked like that but I’m sure he has a Latin accent
176002229,They should make flavoured antipsychotics. My prescription Vitamin D is vanilla flavoured.
176002230,I’ve always started diets on a Monday. It just works for me.
176002231,"You know I’ve noticed suicidal people tend to say they’re not brave or gutsy enough to off themselves. In my opinion, it takes more bravery to stay alive. To keep swimming upstream, against the current."
176002232,"I don’t know about my future, _AT_MENTION_ . I really just need to keep on hoping and try to lighten up some. Maybe I’m lonely because I’m single, as well. Thanks for replying!"
176002233,Yes you are right. I leave it. He recocovers and never mind. Thanks guys. It doesn’t really matters. Deadly disease.
176002234,"Dear _AT_MENTION_ i have an another incident more beautiful than this,if you wish i can send the story to you but i shall tell you in advance its a long story but believe me its an awesome experience but you have to believe in spirituality to understand it…"
176002235,"Thats not much, I gained 160lb since being on meds. I was 135lb at 21-22y.o. before my diagnosis."
176002236,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m sorry that meds have not helped you. I know this is a continual struggling for you. I wish I could take all of the suffering away! Do you live alone, with family, friends, or in a group home?"
176002237,"If this med causes your heart to stop, you will not be alive. I understand how wonderful it feels to have one problem taken care of. You’re in the medical field. What would any doc do? Ekg, cardiac enzymes, echo. I once worked, clinically, for a cardiology group. You’re valuable. Please take care of all of you."
176002238,I’m visiting with my dad during the day Saturday and don’t want to be dealing with side effects.
176002239,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002240,Thank you …
176002241,I’m use to the smell now also my skin never itches
176002242,I would like to visit my parents soon and maybe stay for a week. My sister will drive me there it will take 8 hours to get there. When is a good time to go?
176002243,He was convicted in a court of law so there had to be evidence. You’re innocent until proven guilty
176002244,"Friends ?! Had one boy at prep school I was closer to ,or so I thought . Years later I found him on Twitter . I made a short tweet to show I remembered where he came from ( not town or county) and he promptly blocked me . He’d developed a liking for soft porn models . No friends at public school ."
176002245,There’s a woman in a town close to us that is very sick. She has put sheet metal over all her wi down. She makes lots of signs and puts them all over her fence. She was in the newspaper for messing up o e of those hometown hero banners across from her house because “God told her the man was no hero”. She needs forced treatment. I think all very sick people should be forced into treatment because they are a danger to themselves and/or others.
174342230,On Abilify I hung out with friends and went to gym everyday. I even had some jobs.
176002246,"Okay, you guys are clearly badmouthing SOMEONE. IDK who, but this is NOT nice."
176002247,Congrats I know how hard it has been for you. I look forward to seeing your recovery get stronger
176002248,And their great power to extend life but the question is What is it like to live long…long life ? The gr8 _NAME_ lived up to 87 It is good not bad but I can’t feel what is it like ? Anyone know ???
176002249,I hate secrets. They sit on my brain like a rattling pressure cooker.
176002250,I’m trying to do more walking. Just did my morning walk and done 3 miles. Going out again this afternoon and doing another 3 miles. Doing this every day to lose weight.IMG_39463024×4032 2.08 MB
176002251,"Surprised they don’t have the option for video conference. One of my pdoc’s was out of town so often I would catch up with him via Skype. I think the pdocs read body language as part of the assessment, and look at your physical condition as well, to gauge how you are going. So the visual is useful to them. Covid takes precedence though, stay safe!"
176002252,Cos I have 2% doubt. And I would do anything to forget this idea. Maybe therapy could teach me how to forget it. I believe it’s true
174342240,I get like this from time to time but I will be fine soon I hope if not I will speak to my Dr.He already increased my Abilify and added a New med to my Abilify and Lexapro Combo I take called Buspar I will not change meds or I am afraid too it never works out for me when I do it makes me 100 times worse my mom always can tell when my mood changes she sees it in my eyes she says my eyes change color and become darker and I look evil and people do not want to be around me when I am like that in one of my moods. I am hoping this new med kicks in soon I only been on it for a few weeks no side effects other than a sore throat and dry mouth and that’s it All I have noticed and none with my other meds other than weight gain and I cant lose it no matter how much I exercise anyone else have that problem losing weight gained from their meds what did you do about it? Well anyhow I will see how this new med works and report back at a later time.
174342233,Why dont you try invega.its quite stable and trustable medicine.i was on invega sustenna for 4 years now i m on trevicta which is 3 monthly injection.i never see any noticable side effects while on it.it s include free of sexual side effects too.you have really been close to normal humanbeing.
176002253,Fair play 2 you for doing what your doing I admire that
176002254,Haha I am lazy coder when I was at university! I jusst extract what I need and use it from solutions others post. I only take what is useful to me. Let others do the hard work
176002255,I don’t care what people think.
176002256,"I’ll tell you something funny. One time I felt like my random whims were messages from God, and I followed a whim and bought a crossword scratch and win, which is something I never do. The only word it gave me was “WHY”. I got annoyed and threw the ticket away. Should’ve kept it!"
176002257,"my longest depression was about 14 months. after I moved to the country and experiencing side effects from medication. it was the combination of not having anything to do and no longer enjoying things that used to help me get through the day, as well as the weight gain, reduced energy, and lowered libido from the meds. im over most of that now, just get a little bored because I live in the country and there is nothing to do but garden, workout, play guitar, eat, clean, and get online or watch tv. I still don’t have much of a social life, I see a friend once a month, and go to church on sundays. most of my social interactioin is with my treatment team and parents."
176002258,"Were you relieved, happy, sad at what had happened?"
176002259,"That the tv screen acted as a large camera lens and every time I watched it I was actually being monitored (the voices convinced me, they could see my pupils)"
176002260,But I don’t have any reason why
176002261,Yeah but help how?
176002262,"You did that drawing, _AT_MENTION_? Lovely work! You have a talent there for sure!"
174342231,"Take it exactly as prescribed. don’t double dose or increase it. Please be careful. If you feel suicidal contact someone immediately. I almost lost my mom because of this medication. However, I have a relative who swears by Prozac and said it changed her life. If you’re already feeling manic it may be a sign that it’ll make you manic, and the more it increases the more euphoric or manic you’ll be. That’s what happened with my mom. i’ve taken Lexapro but never Prozac. Lexapro is similar, and it made me feel depressed and weird and also gave me anxiety. Many of my so called schizophrenia symptoms were reactions to anti-depressants. I most likely have Bipolar 1 or manic depressive disorder. I am currently on Strattera and Abilify and this seems to be treating the Bipolar symptoms pretty well…with Bipolar or Schizoaffective/ Less is more."
176002263,"I’m not going to try to tell you what to do, but I’ve heard that the stress of a job lessens after you have been on it for a while. Only you can say if you can’t take it."
176002264,to me brain and mind are one and the same. feelings come from the heart attitude stems from the brain but is connected to feelings (heart) and belief is the soul. imagination is wonderful. it is the brain working out possibilities that may come true and hopefully are good and pleasant to think about. it takes us “out of the box”. _NAME_
176002265,Eat delicious food. Shower. I want to feed my sacred neigh but I seem to have a cough after my hysterectomy and overdid it the other day so not sure if I will.maybe try and watch Netflix but my Netflix has not been working last couple of days maybe it’s poor internet connection.
176002266,"My cognitive decline seemed to stop declining once I started exercising (yoga and piano) and meditating every day, eating more healthfully, and getting good sleep every night."
176002267,"Maybe I’m just asking this because I’m in the throes of severe anxiety I kinda brought upon myself with too much coffee and feel desperate for fast relief but what are yours guys’ experiences with PRNs? I was given Ativan when I was psychotic in the hospital and it calmed me down to the point where my morbid delusions weren’t given precedence over finding the pieces for the outline of a jigsaw puzzle. I felt so chilled out. I even had an outpatient prescription for it and I was taking it on a PRN basis… at first, then I started using it to sleep off depression so I kicked it because I didn’t like where I was going with that. I don’t want to abuse a PRN again but would it in any way be advisable to have one on hand for emergencies? If not, I know there are alternatives like l-theanine which I’ve read good things about on here. I think the best solution will be to kick the damn coffee habit but a back-up plan can’t hurt either. Sorry if this makes no sense and thanks for reading!"
176002268,"No , hospitalisation doesn’t help with that. But you should ask your psychiatrist if there are any out patient groups you could attend."
176002269,Sometimes I wish I was living in a group home right now.
176002270,Yes. Did you not bother to read the thread?
174342244,"I know none are drs but im crying out. I have these internal thoughts i have no idea where they come from. Sometimes random words. They scare me. I have these thoughts im am going to do things i dont want to do that scare me. I wake up to this and its throughout the day aswell but more worse upon waking up. I have nightmares. Im depressed. My hygiene is poor. Im scared. Sometimes i get paranoid thoughts.these thoughts are the exact opposite of everything i believe in. I told my dr i didnt like the zyprexa and she refused to give me vraylar and said it would make me restless and not sleep. I told her everyone is different. Im tired of these thoughts and confusion. I cant pay attention. Its so bad i feel like dementia symptoms. Sometimes my internal will repeat things and im fighting what it says. She still says bipolar cause im crying to her my symptoms. Saying lets treat your mood.So she put me on lithium and told me to continue the zyprexa even though i felt disconnected, weird, had nightmares. I 
go in and out of psychotic like states and fight thru. So when i cry my symptoms im bipolar not schizoaffective. She threw her hands in the air. Does this sound like psychosis or schizoaffective/ schizophrenia? Ive had many drs inpatient tell me its scizoaffective and my regular psych says bipolar and ocd like im making these symptoms up. That im reading into these things. Even though ive had bouts of this for years. I am just here to see if anyone can relate to this."
174342237,"I don’t have any positive symptoms but my negatives bother me alot. As far as telling people about your illness, I don’t tell anyone besides doctors and family. It’s no one else’s business frankly. If someone were to ask for some reason though, i would probably tell them the truth."
174342243,I have to agree with this. I also agree that we live in a bubble here at schizophrenia.com .
176002271,I’m having the a similar vibration now and then… should I be worried ?
176002272,"TMG supplement is a nice mood stabilizer also increases libido, energy levels."
176002273,I’m so happy for you. I hope to get there too this year.
176002274,"Only pdocs making fun of my weight gain. I don’t think anyone else has ever said anything, I feel people are too caught up in their own world to notice, when I was over medicated and couldn’t speak people told me I was “chill” lol."
176002275,Try not to give your voices any power over you. Just remind yourself you’re basically dreaming while you’re awake. Don’t give it any more power than you’d give a dream.
176002276,latuda hasn’t helped cognitive impairments for me. it just helped with hallucinations.
176002277,I feel the same way to be honest. They wonder why people have relapses and quit medications etc. It’s not acceptable.
176002278,Welcome to the forum! I’ve been on clopixol for 15 years I love it as well I was on the depot for years My prognosis before this med was very poor After such a long remission I take a maintenance dose (recently) I’ve been taking Abilify for a couple of years as an adjunct second antipsychotic I have a lot of energy now but my wellness over the years on just clopixol has been a huge trade off The sedation has been pretty extreme Nothing helps but sleep I now take clopixol 2 x 25mg and15mg Abilify clopixol is a heavy drug and has made it possible for me to marry and live independently I love it the trade off is worth it And it was possible for me to get more energy with added Abilify
174342242,If i went to pdoc they surely prescribe some.
176002279,"i understand that people are free to make their own decisions, freedom of movement kind of thing. also, i understand that, in case you are thinking that i do ,i do not see you as a potential husband or anything of that nature …i just felt like i needed to clarify that cos of how i felt when i read this whole thing about fooling yourself statement, even if that is not what you intended necessarily with that statement. yes i do understand this in other ways aswell though, i see what you are trying to say now. i think, like accepting advice peacefully instead of some degree of resistance. thanks for your cool advices as usual it is an interesting read"
176002280,"Just had protein bar and some tuna, got new phone service simply mobile, 30 dollars a month 14gigs of data, unlimited talk and text month, pretty good deal. hows your Saturday going."
176002281,I’m shorting right now
176002282,Medication Family Friends.
174342238,I read that smoking is a common thing with schizophrenia. Personally I vape.
176002283,i was only joking
176002284,"i’ve been to both university and community college. i found i had more of a social life at university then community college, but was a better student at community college. i was like 25 last time i took any classes. the thing i like about community college, is each class will usually have one or two older working adults taking classes, so i don’t feel quite as out of place. also it seems to be easier to email professors and what not about topics. i have earned about 50 credit hours total, but am basically going to be starting over at community college to get my gpa up. retaking classes like english, and i might have to take some social sciences again, not sure. the one thing i will do differently this time than last time i took classes. is say very little in class. and just let the other students do the talking. only talking if called upon or something."
176002285,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ for you support and input. I truly appreciate it. _AT_MENTION_ made me realize that I reached for it as a coping strategy and I feel confident that I can make a better choice next time. I’m trying not to beat myself up. The best I can do is learn from my mistake and embrace being human.
176002286,"I was hallucinating in 1992, but wasn’t really in psychosis until 1994. 25 to 30 years ago."
176002287,"South Bay Area, California."
176002288,Do you think you can make it until the 20th?
176002289,"Don’t play this game, everything happens will be against you, Quit this game ASAP and do not involve in their relationship, You will be the only victim,"
176002290,"So I’m moving. I have the option of hiring a moving company to move my stuff or just selling everything and starting over. I will be moving into a completely furnished house so I don’t really need to take anything. I would be able to replace her furniture with mine if I wanted to. I have a credenza that’s something special and a pantry that I built from a kit that’s pretty fantastic. Other than those two pieces I don’t really care that much about my furniture. I don’t know if it’s worth the cost of movers just because I like those two things. I’m really leaning towards keeping a couple bags of the clothes that fit me now, a box of keepsakes, my mother’s paintings and my guitar. All of which would fit in a car. If I go this route, my moving expenses would be really low. I would just hire someone to drive me to my new city 8 hours away. I think I’m leaning to the side of getting rid of everything. There’s something so appealing about getting rid of all the old stuff and being un
encumbered. What would you do?"
176002291,Thanks for the welcome _AT_MENTION_
176002292,_NAME_’s Web
176002293,I am not _NAME_. Just want a house with an eat in chicken. Jk! I accepted myself a long time ago. Learning to embrace who you are and loving yourself can be a monumental undertaking.
176002294,Missing one dose should be okay I can miss one dose and be fine but I can’t miss 2.
176002295,"I dont think i have an eating disorder, this is the first time this has happened and its due to paranoia"
176002296,"It works for some people and for others it doesnt. But yeah, generally they do work in majority of the cases."
176002297,"I must have missed those comments or posts. I’m doing a lot online. I think we want (need?) it both ways, to have control, but still get a little crazy."
176002298,I’m so glad you’re going to the hospital. Good luck!
176002299,"If you immigrate to Iran, here that I live, you will have a nice life with 500 dollars a month, you can teach English here, And I will help you until you settle in properly, Nothing else I can do,"
176002300,"u need to try maybe some benzo /increasing the dose of your Ap , i would say u are still expereiencing a psychotic epioside from what you write and what you presented in the forum"
176002301,that’s scary =/ good that you reported it
176002302,"Recovery For Oneself is Very Possible. But One Has to Drop Their Paranoia And Guard, in Order to Begin a Positive Way to Fulfill Their Personal Hopes, Dreams, And Aspirations… . …"
176002303,I have a friend who has B.O. Her clothes also smell because she doesn’t wash them enough. She’s trying to find a man and they keep using her for sex and leaving. My husband and I think it’s the b.o. Just remember after about 2 days you really start to smell and it offends others. Your spouse can be used to your smell and not complain right away but others don’t want to have to smell it.
176002304,I’d have nothing left to do because that’s all I do
174342250,"I think your family care deeply about you and respect you. So they will hopefully not ask you again, especially if you explained to them how it makes you feel, the exorcism stuff. They just want the best for you. Unfortunately they don’t understand fully what that is, but by having been open with them today, that is a really great step for them to better understand you."
176002305,I wonder the same thing.
176002306,"You can do this! I’m wishing you an easy transition! Go leaf! So many things lately to get yourself healthier, you go girl!"
176002307,"“Persistent depressive disorder with anxious distress, currently severe” I got this added to my list the other day. What does anxious distress mean? I’m guessing I’m about to get a med change."
176002308,Negatives or sedation? Sometimes it is hard to tell the difference.
176002309,Oh I see I see. So you seem to be better in a way?
176002310,"I’m on them 20 years, do they work for you…? 40mg max does of serxoat"
176002311,thanks. i don’t know where to go because i don’t know where it will be better for me. i also want to start anew. _NAME_
176002312,Wishing you all the best. I hope it eases your anxiety.
176002313,I LOVE THAT GUY. (Almost as much as I love tacos.)
176002314,I hope she went to the hospital.
176002315,"yea im taking a strong fat burner, and a strong preworkout combination totally about that much of caffeine, thats why im so anxious all the time."
176002316,"For improving cognition play games based on problem solving, planning etc. In lumosity brain training app there is game called pirate passage its one of the best game for improving cognition. Try it."
176002317,I take Parkinson’s meds. Have done for years. I am susceptible to EPS symptoms
176002318,Cut down on sugar or use stevia sugar?
176002319,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov The COMMAND trial of cognitive therapy for harmful compliance with command hallucinations (CTCH): a qualitative study of acceptability and tolerability in the UK. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, A _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, BMJ open , 2018 15 06 To explore service user experiences of a 9-month cognitive behavioural therapy for command hallucinations in the context of a randomised controlled trial including their views on acceptability and tolerability of the intervention.Qualitative study using semistructured interviews.The study took place across three sites: Birmingham, Manchester and London. Interviews were carried out at the sites where therapy took place which included service bases and participants' homes.Of 197 patients who consented to the trial, 98 received the Cognitive Behavior Therapy for Command Hallucinations (CTCH) intervention; 25 (15 males) of whom were randomly selected and consented to the qualitative study. The mean age 
of the sample was 42 years, and 68% were white British.Two superordinate themes were identified: participants' views about the aspects of CTCH they found most helpful; and participants' concerns with therapy. Helpful aspects of the therapy included gaining control over the voices, challenging the power and omniscience of the voices, following a structured approach, normalisation and mainstreaming of the experience of voices, and having peer support alongside the therapy. Concerns with the therapy included anxiety about completing CTCH tasks, fear of talking back to voices, the need for follow-up and ongoing support and concerns with adaptability of the therapy.Interpretation: CTCH was generally well received and the narratives validated the overall approach. Participants did not find it an easy therapy to undertake as they were challenging a persecutor they believed had great power to harm; many were concerned, anxious and occasionally disappointed that the voices did not disappear altogether. The trusting re
lationship with the therapist was crucial. The need for continued support was expressed.ISRCTN_PHONE_NO_, Pre-results."
176002320,"Psychosis-delusions,paranoia"
176002321,"Absolutely true. I like to think of this one sometimes too: 61BA4109-6E4F-495B-9280-9457068FE733.jpeg 800×420 43.3 KB Which doesnt say anything about insanity/madness, but at times with sz it feels like its the world against you and you dont feel you’re incorrect."
176002322,"I don’t think so. I was totally delusional and totally down. I had ocd, phobia, and so on. My therapist can’t help me without a strong medication. It’s pleasant to talk to my therapist but it’s just a little part of the treatment."
176002323,I’m trying to figure out what music video to put on. Any Netflix show suggestions?
176002324,Oh no! What happened?
176002325,Green noodles. I didn’t notice an antidepressant effect from 40s.
174342264,You could try buspar. In clinical trials after 6 weeks negative symptoms were shown to be decreased
176002326,I was always weird as a kid. People thought something was wrong with me but didn’t know what
176002327,"I can do things, so I do them."
176002328,The ‘r’ word isn’t appreciated here
176002329,"_AT_MENTION_ yes, I don’t have depth perception. _AT_MENTION_ it actually comes in handy, because a side effect of my brain tumor is that my eyes don’t point the same direction all the time. If I used both eyes, I would have double vision. I have seen this way my whole life, and I have no problems with it."
176002330,"The goal is to work to becoming a professor. I assume I’ll have to be working part time so I don’t really know how I’ll manage to become one. In the UK only distinguished researchers get the title professor therefore it’s an unlikely target, but nonetheless, I can dream. My desire is to start a company in exports and imports in South Asia. I think I have a good market I want to get into, and it has a very explosive potential as far as economics goes. The desire is for a legacy to hand down the bloodline. I’m quite old-fashioned and traditional thinking, no stranger to ambition and longing for longevity of name."
176002331,"I’m okay with me. With all the problems I’ve had, physically, emotionally, and spiritually, I am glad to be alive. Sure, there are things I wish were different, but I’m just happy I am still able to care for myself."
176002332,Is hedonism bad? I find myseld to be pretty hedonistic and craving great computer graphics and food lol.
176002333,"I’m saying people are trust worthy, but it almost always seems temporary, including myself, in other words, I like people I’ve never met, and possibly won’t ever meet again, doesn’t mean I have to be a rambling idiot though lol"
176002334,"I think simply that’s it’s stating the planet and all things in it and around it, i.e space is basically a live and aware, gravity, time, space, particle density and all living life forms from plants to us are part of that Know-sphere. ( mother nature)"
176002335,"IDK. In AA alcoholics used to say ""Sometimes I just like to wallow in my own ""sht""."" Meaning just giving up trying to be positive and good and just think of all the bad character traits and all your faults and character defects and just revel in them and embrace them and wallow in the negative like a pig wallowing in mud and slop. I get this way at work. I get tired of trying to be good and sticking up for myself. Just the every day struggle of getting along with people. Sometimes I just want to feel terrible about myself and how no one respects me. The frequent days I feel like a loser unworthy of being treated good. Just to get in that state and say “screw it” and wallow in the sht. I ain’t giving up by a long shot but when I go low. I go really low."
176002336,"https://www.drugs.com/interactions-check.php?drug_list=2330-1540,71-747 Using narcotic pain or cough medications together with other medications that also cause central nervous system depression can lead to serious side effects including respiratory distress, coma, and even death. You might have a lawsuit on your hands. I’m really sorry, that was irresponsible of her doctor."
174342259,who are you. They never wanted me to get on Abilify.
176002337,When u feel a craving. Drink water. It helped me !!
176002338,"I mean if you just accept the forum rules here, you are less likely to be flagged. I think there are some people who are more likely to get flagged because they continuously post controversial ideas, or get into insulting comments. I’m sure people aren’t flagging others just because they don’t like them. I think the mods do a good job sorting that out. I do think there should be a limit on the number of identities though, because some, not all, change names when they feel like they are being targeted, but in reality they are not changing their actual behavior. They are just starting shite under a new name. Can we all just filter ourselves and follow the guidelines? I have a short life. I want to go through it with the least amount of drama. I love this site and the people here but it would be nice to come here and not see a bunch of locked threads or people raging against each other. Am I being naive about this? As miss USA would say, I just want world peace."
176002339,"I want to fix your issues. I’m hoping this PEMF thing pans out, then I’ll heartily recommend it."
176002340,"Ya, its either a delusion, false memories, or imagination. But I tend to think it is different lives or different timelines."
176002341,"Sleep, sleep, sleep. Through this whole Corona thing. Then sleep some more."
176002342,"I like smoking. Used to do a lot of drugs, especially weed. Now this seems like a lesser evil. Do worry sometimes about the risks, but I am sure one day I might quit. Just don’t really feel under pressure to do it at the moment. It’s one of those things that I just do, and pretty much always have done"
176002343,First interview down and it went really well!! Second interview is an hour from now.
176002344,_AT_MENTION_ amazing
176002345,"Haven’t spent a dime. It’s still sitting in my black lock box, along with my GF’s cash too. But I’m still buying stuff on credit and making payments each month."
176002346,"In my first episode I went floridly psychotic for six months without my roommate, parents, friends or fellow students noticing anything. I had the best grades of my undergrad studies during that period."
176002347,"Lol, shouldn’t it be, ribbed, for her pleasure?"
176002348,Thankyou _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
176002349,Is putting me on clozapine overmedicating?
176002350,Scandinavian english Italian Algerian Hungarian born in scandinavia
176002351,"Me too. I am 30 too,"
176002352,Eight! _PHONE_NO_
176002353,I know how hard that can be. I know these forums don’t allow religion but I found that belief in a higher power works just like in AA groups keep strong and God bless.
174342265,"Yes I’m guilty of that too. Sometimes I watch sci fi or action in order to forget my problems. Like this sci fi anime where death is a heavy theme. Other times I like to think about happy things that I want like having a wedding, bubble tea break time, saving money to travel, seeing family, and going to support group. Are there any good humor on Amazon Prime? I love a good comedy!"
174342268,Clozapine doesn’t do this to me. Stay strong. All you can do is put yourself in comfortable environment and wait it out.
176002354,You’re so talented! I can only do easy stuff… maybe it’s time to cook more when I get back to Hawaii. We just got fresh bananas so it’s time for banana bread!
176002355,Very good post… I’m impressed…1515
176002356,well maybe not that big lol
174342269,"It’s definitely a case of life giving you lemons and having to make lemonade, but it can still be happy at times. There’s always a chance you will get better too or better functioning so you have to keep your hopes up. Support is important."
176002357,No need for many pdocs. I know what they would say.and I know that meds don’t work with me
176002358,"Congratulations, that’s great! I know you’ve worked hard for it, and you deserve it"
176002359,"Sorry, I’m being harsh. I just hate seeing you constantly mistreated by this jerk. You make your own decisions in life, and I respect that. But you deserve to be treated with respect by all your friends."
176002360,it sounds like u re gay
176002361,"Girls…,…"
176002362,I am on 80mg I think I will go up to 100mg maybe I’ll just go to the max dose 120 I’m not sure. It was making me move my tongue some but it seems to be going away.
176002363,"Are you sure it’s cancer and not sore muscles around the hips? Have you tried doing some yoga and other stretches for your hip muscles? If you sit down a lot, and you don’t stretch, you can get all kinds of painful and irritating problems down there."
176002364,Yeah that is good too. Haha.
176002365,"I think about it and can’t comprehend it, even not step by step cause its so traumatic, it looks foolish today unlike the past."
174342261,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002366,"…and I’m sorry about that. I know that you guys shouldn’t be bothered with a combination of physical and psychological issues that I’m just writing here non-stop about. Sorry about this, everyone."
176002367,"I get my meds by mail except for the risperidone, and lately my Dad has been picking them up from the pharmacy. It’s not a big deal."
176002368,I had 3 beers and some wine I went on a walk I spent time with my fiancée. Laughed a lot
174342274,I just stopped Abilify because it wasn’t working. I did not have problems with my eyes except for some blurry vision the first week on it. I also had Akathisia but Cogentin treated it perfectly
176002369,For believing them if they are ever nice to me. Anyone else get this?
176002370,Move your money to a different bank account then apply
176002371,My long term/permanent disability from work does not let me work at all. I also get some money from the Canada pension plan. I couldn’t work anyway. I get very anxious and physically ill even volunteering. I want to but just can’t. And now with my mobility issues I really can’t do much. I’m 51 and I doubt I’d get any job anyway. No one wants to hire a fat mama. _PERSON_
176002372,good luck _AT_MENTION_ =) I’m sure you’ll do fine.
176002373,"We have a tendency to only remember the good things about our delusions or psychosis. You said that they (the delusions) had you trying to kill yourself, so good riddance to them. As for normal life, it’s not so bad once you get used to it."
176002374,what kind of tics? can you describe them?
176002375,"I just had another fake memory. I was sure I saw an email saying the card paying for my glasses was declined. I can’t find it now, not even in the trash. But, I can find emails about how the glasses were shipped and are arriving tomorrow. I signed in to the app and it also says they are arriving tomorrow. So, did they not get paid for or have they shipped? I’m so confused. I know I read that email that doesn’t seem to exist. This stuff happens all the time. It’s really destabilizing. I never know what’s real and what’s not. How can I feel comfortable with reality?"
176002376,Thanks for your informative reply! I hope to find out if the rules are similar in the US for my friend.
176002377,"Yes, and its dwindling more and more. I used to overdose on a medication all the time, but that stopped after discontinuing abilify."
176002378,Boredom is opportunities to do something.
176002379,On Monday I will have my shot
176002380,Nice job. Looks good.
176002381,Nothing. They’re worthless and should be eliminated.
174342270,Just thought I’d ask. I’m not sure anyone on here is using rexulti anyway.
176002382,Eat ice cream shaved ice bowl Read Go to the beach Work on another self portrait
176002383,I like bikes IMG_0764.JPG 3264×2448 3.71 MB
176002384,"Im not ON disability, guy. In fact I was denied because I’m NOT severely bad off. Your posts about the constitution and how change comes from a barrelof a gun IS exactly what shooters say."
176002385,Do your voices sound like they are coming from outside of your ears or from people? Or from both?
176002386,i really like it too =)
176002387,It looks like any regular strength dose of LSD. The stronger the dose the better it looks.
176002388,"I used to drink a milk, banana, frozen yogurt and spirulina smoothie when I was younger. _PERSON_ and I didn’t know it would help with any mental health issues I was having."
176002389,They are constantly in search of happiness and find that it makes them happy to help. Compassion has its reward. It doesn’t change the fact that the constant desire and need to be happy as a condition isn’t hell.
176002390,"As for me think im figuring out openbullet at work, getting past cs*rf regulations i just did. Owasp no good for cluster ???? but openbullet would be in addition to the other work utility. This is very significant. Its genius really i teach you here post owasp or similar header data in openbullet custom headers contains valid csrf."
176002391,Yeah I listen to a lot of music nowadays and journal and eat pasta and cheese a lot. (there goes vegan out the window lol! But I’m committed vegetarian still.)
174342273,"Wellbutrin is for depression, your talking about depression negative symptoms or sz negative symptoms? Sz negative symptoms have no treatment my psychiatrist told me, you have to accept it and live with it."
176002392,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002393,Maybe 2 months spread out over 3 hospital visits. Can’t remember much during that time.
176002394,"Knives have their uses. You can butter your bread. You can make neat paintings like _NAME_. You can combine a knife, a piece of string, and a sundial to make some stupid bird come out briefly from some stupid house to inform you that you are late for your stupid job. See? Knives are useful."
176002395,i thought trolls were critical
176002396,Last break I had was last March to _USER_ID_ in Yorkshire. It was lovely and quiet.
176002397,"I’ve been doing it for years and find it helpful. Being able to modify how you react to delusions and hallucinations has the added benefit of winding them down over time. I used to exist in a positive feedback loop where my symptoms were ramped up by anxiety, which ramped up my symptoms, which… Yeah. CBT has given me the ability to apply the brakes at the top of the hill now."
176002398,"Basically I believe our consciousness has a voice. It may not be audible like voices but it is a force of influence on the mind. I think it must be fought with more clear voices such as reason and conscience. Sometimes when I’m passive I interpret events and social interactions in a negative way. I know on some fundamental level that the interpretation is wrong but I’m slow to believe, assert, and trust that my positive view is the more rational and real one."
176002399,Well i have a bunch that have refills. Aripip razell dazzal … Seroquel abilifee lattitida resperational
176002400,I have no recourse of action
176002401,Seroquel may do that.i m always thirsty at seroquel.and seroquel also may cause constipation.
174342279,"As a fellow Clozapine taker, i wish you all the best. It has been great for me."
176002403,I don’t koala-fy for it because I get disability and don’t make enough to file taxes. I’ll just have to bear it.
176002404,"Negatives get worse because the patient gets in a rut. They spend less energy, so their body starts producing less energy. The only way to combat it is to make a routine where you force yourself to do things each day"
174342277,I take clozapine and take a blood test it has been working fine for me.
176002405,"Been there, done that"
176002406,"I keep hearing little ones voice saying “daddy i love you” - and i know its in my head, but i dont wanna believe it. Mums cut off contact again - and its broken me. Im getting the “im an angel for children” stuff back again. There is a crisis line i can ring. Yes - your both right. Ive got to learn to help myself in situations like this. I WANNA believe that im psychic tho - and little one is sending me her love Ill phone the crisis team - and ask to up my meds for the week. Sorry to be a pain. x"
176002408,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !!!
176002409,"So if you have read many of my posts you know that I have mainly positive voices. Ever since gaining my insight back, I told myself I would stop talking back to voices and giving them any attention. I made this decision at a time in my life when the voice was vicious and mean a large portion of the time. Now though, after years of not talking back to them, they’ve calmed down and almost convinced me that they really are people in the afterlife or something being nice to me. They don’t take shots at my ego, or make fun of me, even when I’m thinking about thoughts that would have previously triggered the voice to say certain things. So I’ve been talking back… not out loud but in my head. They seem reasonable. I don’t allow them to issue any commands or ask any questions, that’s a hard rule I don’t bend on. I also try to just talk to them at certain times of the day, and set the rest of the time off to myself. It feels like I have this part of the illness under control, and it’s not 
inhibiting my life as far as I know. I’m not delusional, or paranoid, just trying to reconcile previous spiritual beliefs with what is happening to me in a rational context. Should I stop talking back and ignore them totally again? Do you think talking back could trigger worse things? I think I honestly just get lonely and it’s nice to have someone to talk to. I go days without talking back but some days I do talk back and I get a kick out of some of the stuff they say to me. IDK, I just feel like I might be playing with fire here. I wanted to be honest about it somewhere though. What I’m doing feels like it goes against the advice I give everybody else on this site."
176002410,Last time I was told it was 6.2 . I was told that was fine.
176002411,i watch copa america
176002412,Has it ever interfered with your daily routines? or maybe your voluntary work? I have a fear it’d cause paranoia or just lead me to hospital. The recovery from another hospital visit isn’t something I feel is something I can risk. I still really want to drink again though. It’s complicated.
176002413,Sounds like a good way to keep the brain active
176002414,Very pretty! I love your art loke !
176002415,"So. Anxiety. A Silent But Well Felt Form of Protection. Simply Put, Commonsense. Please Rethink The Need of Medications in Order to Confused, or Distort Your Bodily Functions of Warnings Perhaps With You in Dangerous or Shaky Untrustworthy Grounds. Thus Doesn’t Mean Subtract The Medications Without an Approval From Your Doctor And or Counselor. Or Caretakers. But it Does Mean Stop And Rethink Your Surroundings And Goals in Life. With Good Reason to Outline Your Future With Seriously Positive Goals in Mind. (if you would like to state your case as to why these thought are invalid or without any form of truth, please include yourself in thus odd thread)"
174342276,"Great but thank you for your response. So he might be onto something. Still messed up logic. Because you have a bad reaction to these meds it means you need them more than other people. That is almost like saying that the kid who gets anaphylaxis from eating peanuts needs to eat more peanuts. This is the first psychiatrist I have seen that sees Schizoaffective as a separate diagnosis the other 2 since my dx said it was just a type of bipolar. My trust with my current is still shaky right now. I have an appointment on Wednesday, we will see where it goes."
176002416,"Yeah, I called the pharmacy this morning and they already have my prescription ready!"
174342281,I used to be the same and a med increase fixed it. I went from 10mg abilify to 15mg abilify.
176002417,Ever heard of arsenic? It’s all natural as well.
176002418,"Theres a club at the end of the pier near my flat - and after seeing the drunken antics that go in at 4am in the morning down my road there is no way i would go there. Way too loud music, and getting accosted by woman to buy them a drink? no bloody thanks. Im 44 - so consider myself too old for any of that tomfoolery anyway."
176002419,"Yeah, _AT_MENTION_ things get easier after weight loss."
176002420,And how are you feeling with the med change?
176002421,"That sucks, i hope you feel better. I know it sucks."
176002422,"Klonopin is the best benzo imo. Doesn’t mess with my thinking, doesn’t cause tolerance, lasts all day. For me it’s a miracle med for overstimulation."
176002423,"How old is he, I forgot"
176002424,I have my injection a week today. The nurse does it.
176002425,"It’s never happened to me… I’m not sure. I’m sorry it happened though, that sounds very stressful. I go months without thinking of specific traumatic events or delusions that have happened in the last five years, but I still have them on file to reference if I feel like digging around and revisiting something, so it’s not really the same."
174342284,I think having sz gives us a bit more character and is something interesting to say to someone. Of course where I live people are not that open minded so I have to treat it like the plague. I don’t consider myself normal because il always shout at my cat and in hotel rooms but only when I’m alone and in these places. I used to do that before I got sz as well and I was even more crazy back then.
176002426,I opted to be alone than have friends like that.
176002428,"Naw. I’m a very quite person keep to myself, but when I talk I like to talk a lot. It’s just your personality, whether sz affects it or not doesn’t really matter imo."
176002429,On top of that I wanted to donate my one of a kind brain as I thought I was gonna be queen of some country
176002430,Breathing exercises don’t help me
176002431,I eat without the peel and I give the peel to my sacred neigh. She loves it. The peel is so chewy n tough. I’m happy to have learnt about the b12 etc
176002432,That’s what I’m thinking
176002433,14 years ago so when I was 38. Previous misdiagnosed
174342289,"Yeah, if i wasent texting potential dates on hook up sites i was browsing amazon. I have a roll about 3 feet tall of aluminum foil and 2 large jugs of white vinegar. I was like wtf after lol"
176002434,I smoke about 6 cigarettes a day. Sometimes less sometimes more.
176002435,"If you are feeling suicidal or having a mental health crisis, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a crisis intervention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. You do not need to be actively suicidal to benefit from a crisis hotline. International crisis hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html OpenCounseling International Suicide & Emergency Hotlines A list of suicide and emergency helpline around the world with links to more detailed hotlines. Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Crisis hotlines in the U.S.: https://afsp.org/find-support/ suicidepreventionlifeline.org Home Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides fre
e, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for everything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176002436,"I play guitar, but mainly folk music and punk rock."
174342292,"Yeah, both my Saphris and the Vraylar are over a grand each. That’s why they don’t want to cover it. They have added a $1,000 limit to meds. I can’t switch insurance. We only have one option through my husband’s job."
176002437,"the nurse practitioner i’m seeing says hallucinations don’t just go away without more meds. i thought i’ve heard that they do, sometimes, from folks on here. so what’s your experiences? it’s unusual for me to be hallucinating this much, and i think it’s just a phase. she wanted to increase the meds, but i dont like the side effect and think i can manage without more medication."
176002438,Apple kiwi crush
176002439,I don’t count calories but I wonder the same thing and it’s like you have to reduce even more calories because of the poor metabolism. If I had to guess I’d say I eat about 1000 to 1200 a day and I don’t gain or lose. But if I take it down any further I’m really feel like I’m starving half to death. That’s a good question and I’m going to ask my pdoc about it But his standard answer is excercize But I’m so sedated I don’t feel like it
176002440,Here’s a Quick Piece I Quickly Finished. In Honour Of Your Kindness And Poem. I Hate to Make Excuses. But I Could Have Done Better I Believe. But Kinda Stuck Right Now. Hopefully it Sounds Alright. i Might Keep The Chord Structure on Work on it Some More as The Day Continues… . …
176002441,I agree with the voice recording. Also if you are being watched all the time like you think go outside and video it right now.
176002442,"Wow, 6 months is a long time. Well if anything comes up you could always call in that time. Nothing is set in stone, forever. But that’s good that you don’t have to deal with it for 6 months."
176002443,"_AT_MENTION_ I think what the man in the hospital is trying to say, don’t react rashly and emotionally. Think things through. What Master _PERSON_ was saying, is that your Heart, who you really are, is much more important than any illness that maybe set your mind Make sense?"
176002444,See I don’t even know what you mean about social cues. I must be selfish
176002445,this is really cool and beautiful looking! Very nice ! Well done !
176002446,I read somewhere awhile ago that they will release results in 2020
176002447,"I don’t vote because not enough options. I’m stable and not psychotic. From time to time I get suicidal. Last appointment with my new psychologist I talked about it with her. I just let those thoughts and feelings pass, like I did as a teenager. I’m not violent or so. But I also can’t go further with life. I was on five different meds. All the same besides of not being psychotic on risperdal and xeplion."
176002448,Well hope all is good. Hang in there.
176002449,"Can’t fall asleep, been trying for the past 5 hours."
176002450,"Hmm?. Did You Know That Ice Is Cold. You Could Do One With That Line. Hope, True Love, Honesty, And Eternal Peace!."
176002451,"I can relate to your situation. I sit idle most days, listening to the internals. I have many things to keep me busy, but I have a hard time getting motivated and to stay motivated."
176002452,_AT_MENTION_ I am on 1000mg Vitamin D. I didn’t know it helps with depression.
174342282,Stephania Tetrandra is also beneficial for SZ. Careful with chinese herbs.
176002453,"My first pet was a chick, had 2. They lived on the balcony. We gave them to my cousins farm when they grew up and they started laying eggs:"
176002454,"This looks interesting and positive - sorry if someone has posted on this already, I didn’t see anything, but may have missed the post… Medscape 'Landmark' Schizophrenia Drug in the Wings? A novel treatment that combines a muscarinic receptor agonist with an anticholinergic agent is associated with greater reduction in psychosis vs placebo, new research shows."
176002455,Don’t you think that’s a bit inappropriate for a thread about sobriety?
176002456,"A little fear is normal. But not too much. That lady went out of her way to be nice, she didn’t have to do that. That should quell your fears a little. Why do you worry so much about co-workers? You seem very nice and likable and I think co-workers think the same thing. You don’t sound like you pick on people or treat anyone mean or cause trouble, co-workers probably like having you around. Your only crime is self-doubt and being too hard on yourself."
176002457,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m not sure if I’ve mentioned it before or not, but my friend _NAME_ was a social worker, and housed 2 schizophrenics for about 10 years. I got to know them fairly well, the client named Bill stands out in my mind the most. He was the sweetest, kindest most gentle man I’ve ever met My friend’s uncle was also schizophrenic, he returned from World War II with brain damage and schizophrenia. I would see him every time I went to O’Toole’s for a beer. Always leaning on the bar, sipping his draft with a great big smile on his face. He talked very little, but he always smiled"
176002458,"As someone who has worked a drive through, there are some jokes you hear so often that they just lose all humor. Sorry to say, but that’s one of them. I would have laughed anyways though, because I appreciated when people would try to go out of their way to make the job suck a bit less."
176002459,Technically that is a hallucination not a delusion. And yes I get them.
176002460,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002461,"It`s a lot of wonderful memories in the past, no doubt about that."
174342286,For me it started a couple of weeks after taking it. _AT_MENTION_ has lost over 500 000$ from Abilify addictions and gambling
176002462,I listen to music 24/7 on Spotify mostly.
176002463,I feel that I obsess over my mentak health and get preoccupied with trying to label my experiences… i also feel judged real and many times im imagining these thoughts… its very strong overwhelming and its one of the things that if im having one of those bad days (often) I will fixate on it for hours … the thoughts are so debilitating I can’t focus on others things and i know im irrational but I cant stop feeling this way… i also know im my worst stigmatiser… i want to learn to be kinder to myself
176002464,"Done! That will cost three pictures of cats, fancy desserts, or outer space!"
176002465,CTOs do not exist in my country so that ain’t an option… it doesn’t work that way here
176002466,I already take benztropine and I still have EPS symptoms already
176002467,"I have my own neurofeedback device at home but i’m too lazy to train. I don’t like putting electrodes on my head. I don’t enjoy cleaning the electrodes afterwards either. If I knew the right protocols (location and which frequencies to train) to improve my negative symptoms, maybe i would be more motivated to train. The neurofeedback practitioner that i really want to work with conducted a research on neurofeedback and SZ but he charges an arm and a leg. If money weren’t an issue I’d also do a brain spect scan and qeeg with Amen clinics. I called them recently and found they charge over $5k."
176002468,The eyes have it. All opposed say “nose.”
176002469,"I grew my hair long at sixteen to reflect girls, but really wanted dreads like my celtic friends, I used to only wash it once a week because it was such a pain, never understood the goths, I always thought they were supposed to be scary into blood sacrifices and the like, my cousins on my fathers side were goths, they never found husbands except the oldest one who was too cool to be a goth, she was a musician."
176002470,"i came off my dose and it has worked ot ok for me, take it slow and use caution with dr’s advice"
176002471,Thanks zombie that means a lot. I hope I get my epiphany soon. Hope your ok.
176002472,"_USER_ID_ in my area has Zoom support groups. Sundays, Mondays, and Thursdays."
176002473,ok thanks for how long did you take it?
176002474,"Don’t go further down the rabbit hole. This is a place of healing, please don’t think anyone here means you any harm. Take what _AT_MENTION_ said into consideration."
176002476,"I think not, but (some of) you are the ones reading my often cancelled topics and comments."
176002477,"Maybe eventually, but as of right now I shall use the discs I have and save as much money as I can."
176002478,I have been psychotic many times. However this could just be the extreme consequences of ASD. Who’s to say that if I quit my meds it would happen again? Do I just take them just in case I happen to inconvenience my doctors?
176002479,_AT_MENTION_ TRy Deep Breathing excercise …Fallow your trainer if u have or just youtube and google… I have been doing deep breathing excercise for 22 days …
176002480,sucks that she called the cops on you =/ i’m sure it’ll settle down now and you don’t have to worry about it anymore.
176002481,Hopefully it stops making you spaced out like you said. I used to take risperdal religiously for 3 years and not a day went by that I wasn’t spaced out. Had to rely on espresso
176002482,It doesn’t hide that your struggling and looking to confirm everything. It’s the first part to getting well is admitting you’ve a brain disorder and what you are experiencing is faulty chemical signals. It’s not telepathy. There’s no valid scientific journals promoting such things. It’s just the internet where you don’t have to explain or have proof. I tire as I and others have said this before and I find it upsetting that you devote so much energy to false beliefs. What does your doctor say about telepathy?
176002483,Meds do nothing for negative and cognitive symptoms sadly. It’s normal. I hope someday they find a med for those but I doubt this anytime soon or before I die.
176002484,I even went to a group I couldn’t relate. Maybe I have sz after all but the meds just won’t let it out.
176002485,"I mostly just interact with my family and one special friend. They always make me feel loved and they help me a lot, so I don’t feel like I don’t belong."
176002486,My man!!!
174342297,Well I lost 10kg in 2 months on clozapine from 100kg to 90kg and then weight loss stopped. Some people told me its called weight loss plateau. How can I further make progress ? I follow a low carb diet and I’m still not losing weight. Right now I’m in fact gaining weight
176002487,Fine work man!!
176002488,What kind of sh!t lol some ppl are weird
176002489,I think you know what you want and what you need. I guess it’s about finding out the options that will best suit you and your needs and what is available. Get the best you can out of it.
176002490,Do you have difficulty functioning? I used to but then it improved for me over the years.
176002491,Don’t worry _AT_MENTION_ this will pass once you get the right meds going. I know it sucks for now. Just hang in there.
174342290,I think some researchers are considering that people wear small hollow plastic tubes up their nostrils while eating as a potential treatment for obesity. The tubes cover the smell receptors in the nose and temporarily lessen the sense of taste. Sounds plausible.
176002492,I would then I wouldn’t have to worry about paying for prescriptions
176002493,And I don’t like it. All stretched out and angry without being able to justify it.
176002494,"marshmallows are great, i put them in hot chocolate and i make smores my god heaven. that sounds good right now."
174342296,Holy crap you were young! Poor thing. I was I think 35 or 34. It was after my son was born. I don’t know if the hormones had something to do with it but my symptoms sky rocketed immediately after _NAME_ was born.
176002495,Good luck! I hope it goes well for you!
174342301,"I gained on Geodon and Abilify, and maintained on Haldol. When I started Zyprexa 3 1/2 months ago, I was afraid of its reputation for causing weight gain. I started on day one using a weight loss website and staying within 1200-1400 calories a day. So far, I’ve lost 19 pounds. I can’t say that Zyprexa doesn’t cause weight gain, it does, but when you’re meticulously careful about what you eat, it is possible to lose weight on it."
176002496,Let us know how it goes. I hope they can help you
176002497,"Playing word wars, music, family, Netflix"
176002498,Do they do any activities at all for the patients on your ward?
176002499,No and we talked on facebook in summer. But I closed my account. Anyways message me and I will give you my username. And you have a really great insight. In a castle in the middle of the desert; perfect metaphor for isolation and psychosis. You taught me that everything is mind!
176002500,"I know right. I think I would benefit from online zoom classes than in person classes at community college. I need like 1-2 classes for an AS-T in math (technically 1, I think in python programming or less depending on the school - maybe even zero…), but I want to take calculus based physics for the pleasure. I enjoy learning in general. Anyways, I don’t want to have to drive 45 min each way. the problem is the labs but I guess I can figure that out or take pictures or do it on my own time some day. I’m slow. I’m hoping online sticks and catches on and stays this way. Parking is a ?????/impossible and is harder for me because of my disability to go in person. I don’t dress or shower and I rather just sit in my room and get my B or A. I need to take motion and then mechanics. then maybe some fun classes in computer science and some harder physics like EM. Maybe some chemistry too for back up. It’s a useful skill. Maybe biology too."
176002501,"Lots… 10mg fluphenazine, 750mg Depakote, 1mg klonopin, 1mg cogentin, 234mg invega"
176002502,"I haven’t been using the forum at all, but I apricate the quotes I get in my email! Have my PIP assessment tomorrow afternoon, not looking forward to it, feeling anxious on and off!"
176002503,Here is one more
176002504,"He wrote on the prescription. 1pill x3, morning, noon, night"
176002505,Lots of health to your mom and I wish you lots of mutual love too :)!
176002506,"I went to the hospital’s psych ward when I was 22, maybe 40 years ago. My SzA didn’t kick in two until I was 30. I’ve been in the psych ward, hospital, maybe give or six times, the last time when I was 50. I’m 61 now."
176002507,Uncertainty and worry Got married And had a child called “Too much coffee”
176002508,"i had to drive to mums and then make lunch and get the guide dog and my mum in the car which is a bit of a struggle before it even begins, in the park my mum is in training with the young guide dog, i try and direct her and she does not listen and thinks right is left and left is forward, idk man it was like she was doing it deliberately to wind me up my mum is very hard work, i try and joke with her, it was easier without the guide dog is all i am saying but we are hoping this new guide dog will help her be more independent, i am worried she will get pulled onto the road or something, the guide dog was a bit too boisterous off the leash esp when we bumped into another guide dog owner, i had to grab our dog a number of times."
176002509,Sorry about that _AT_MENTION_ . I am also having the same problem I don’t know if it is getting better or worse. Still having people trying to read intrusive thoughts and I feel so uncomfortable.
176002510,Why don’t you make friends at your current place?
176002511,Good luck with overcoming this sure you can do it.
176002512,"Sounds kind of petty tbh, it takes less effort to be a better person than that."
176002513,"For me, Geodon has been the best, by far. Seroquel is also good for me."
176002514,"I never complained when off meds.i always complain when I am on them and I choose to be on them,I can’t reason with others around because my uncle is a doctor he believe I need to take thrm"
176002515,"Because I am bored and it relieves stress while relaxing me. I vape nicotine, not smoke. I used to smoke weed, cigars and hookah. Given that 85% of szics are unemployed I can see boredom and stress as big factors. I read somewhere that 90%? of szics smoke."
176002516,"antipsychotics help with some stuff but some of us are ?????? no matter what. i myself am tired of the dysphoria, feeling suicidal, always anxious and triggered by all external sounds. i dont think ill ever feel normal. the way things are set up theres nothing i can even do to feel better and live a better life since im already on meds and my psychosis symptoms are under control, why should i try hard and give so much effort to anything when almost every day i feel like dying and any time i try something i cant stick with it or function well enough to succeed"
176002517,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I play Combat Arms fps korean game online and I disable blood completely.
176002518,"Any way,it’s good to have someone in the house,mine is empty because I don’t fit here for adoption from shelter.And my family is strongly against me keeping pets."
174342294,I never had anxiety. What made me quit many jobs is negative symptoms. I just lose motivation after 1-2 weeks and cant get up early for work anymore after 1-2 weeks. I just wanted to be in my bed all day as I had 0 energy.
176002519,It satabilizes after some time.
176002520,"Thanks, yeah, I probably will. It’s pretty stabilized, it’s not getting worse."
176002521,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Efficiency of jumping exercise in improving bone mineral density among premenopausal women: a _NAME_-analysis. _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Sports medicine (Auckland, N.Z.), Oct 2014 Jumping exercise is frequently regarded as an optimum strategy for increasing pubertal bone growth, but its role in promoting or preserving adult bone mineral density (BMD) is still undefined.This _NAME_-analysis aimed to evaluate the evidence for the influence of jumping exercise on BMD in premenopausal women and to define the effectiveness of high-impact exercise in improving or maintaining female bone health.We searched MEDLINE, PubMed, EMBASE, SPORTDiscus, Google Scholar and BIOSIS up to 1 September 2013 for jumping exercise influence on BMD in premenopausal women. The search terms used were 'jumping', 'skipping', 'brief exercise', 'high impact', 'bone density', 'BMD', 'femoral neck', 'lumbar spine', and 'trochanter', and the search was limited to females. Six papers met the search criteria.Six 
studies on BMD in the femoral neck (Q = 2.63, p = 0.854, I (2) = 0.0 %), trochanter (Q = 2.10, p = 0.10, I (2) = 0.0 %) and lumbar spine (Q = 1.17, p = 0.979, I (2) = 0.0 %) were highly homogenous in determining skeletal responses to jumping exercise. Jumping exercise significantly increased BMD in the femoral neck {weighted mean difference (WMD) [fixed effect] = 0.017 g/cm(2), 95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.014-0.20, p < 0.001} and trochanter (WMD [fixed effect] = 0.021, 95 % CI 0.018-0.024, p < 0.001). However, the lumbar spine seemed to benefit less from such high-impact exercise (p = 0.181). Visual inspection of the plots implicated some degree of asymmetry, indicating a slightly positive treatment effect at the femoral neck and trochanter sites.Based on _NAME_-analysis of existing studies, the sensitivity of skeletal response to jumping exercise in premenopausal women is significant and site-specific, with significant benefit from high-impact exercise noted, especially at the hip."
176002522,It is autumn already leaves are changing their colours it is raining on the cloudy day how depressing it is so have sunny summer days passed how sad it is and winter is coming how depressing it is it is the end of summer.
176002523,Thanks! _AT_MENTION_ . _PHONE_NO_
176002524,"Yep. Lazy, lack of motivation. That’s why my house is a dump. It’s like _PERSON_."
176002525,what are you drinking instead of eglonil?
176002526,I dont drink but when I do it’s a whole pack or two
176002527,nothing much
176002528,Cheers _AT_MENTION_
176002529,I tear up easily.
176002530,I agree ……… 15 15
176002531,I’ve been on it since 1997 and it worked for me. I was so far gone the doctors told my mom I probably wouldn’t recover. In the hospital they gave me a massive dose of haldol in an injection. It brought me out of psychosis but I could not function on the stuff. It turns you into a zombie. My mom found me another doctor and he put me on 5 mgs of Olanzapine formally known as Zyprexa. After a year I quit taking it. I thought I was all better and since it was such a low dose I didn’t need it anymore. I ended up with psychosis again. It took 30 days after I quit taking it again for psychosis to hit. I asked the doctor why it took 30 days. Zyprexa is stored in you fat cells once it works it’s way out of your system psychosis can hit again. Just so you know how it works. I take it almost every day but I’ll skip a dose here or there with no problems. Since my second psychosis I’ve been on 10 mgs. You get use to it after a while. If you’re doing better and decide you don’t need it a word to th
e wise psychosis could come back. A lot of people gain weight from the drug but I haven’t had to much of a problem. I’ve gained about 20 lbs over the years. Long term the drug can cause diabetes and cholesterol problems. I drink a ton of coffee in the morning to fight the sedation effects and I put a lot of sugar in it. I’ve been told I’m borderline diabetic. It’s been 22 years since my last psychosis. After the one relapse I’m dedicated to it for life. It took me a long time to recover from my last psychosis and I wouldn’t want to chance having another one.
176002532,Yeah I don’t much like people using a label as a crutch.
176002533,"How old is she? I ended up having trans ischemic attacks (mini strokes) with each pregnancy that I entered into the 2nd trimester. Not saying she’s pregnant, and honestly there’s nothing they can do for them once they pass. (Mine were all at work, but they never called 911 or let me go home. I had partial cognitive confusion, slurred speech, and the color thing) But a neurologist will be able to differ between migraines, which I ended up with after my last child and still have to this day, or maybe TIA more minor than mine were. If it is tia then they’ll recommend very very very low dose blood thinners, or a baby aspirin daily, plus migraine meds. At least that how it was back in 2003-2006, maybe things are more advanced now."
176002534,"Got grocery shopping done for the next week or two. Bought all sale items, and came in at $106. Lots of proteins and veggies. My SO finally said sorry after a year of painful things. Although it may just be temporary. More cleaning. Organized makeup and hair accessories. Scheduled hair cut appointment before I start work next week!! $60 cut I can’t really afford but last time found out what the difference is between a $25 and $60 cut was, eek."
176002535,The US can be very puritanical.
174342299,I had to tell my Dr about these side effects. He would have never stopped the Abilify if I didn’t tell him. He said yes those are possible side effects of Abilify.
176002536,"Same here, same here…"
176002537,See this video you’ll feel better.
176002538,I’ll for sure get checked when I see the dr on dec 3rd
176002539,maybe im just having a bad day. I’m tired of not being able to concentrate on reading and tv shows and the like.
176002540,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002541,Congratulations and good wishes to/for you.
176002542,Worked. Organised stuff. Stopped stupid feelings and thoughts quickly on my own.
176002543,But why would you allow it if you didn’t want to?
176002544,Move into my apartment building. It’s pretty obvious we all hate each other.
176002545,One of my ancestors committed a grievous sin and God put a curse on my Dad’s first born. Yep I believe that was it.
176002546,Yu mean like Cat _PERSON_;
174342302,Hello! Either psychotic depression or schizoaffective depressive type is my likeliest diagnosis at this point. It’s rough but we manage.
176002547,"Ok, i am not quite well during the day, but since years, in the late afternoon, it gets worse… Paranoia, somatics, heaviness, fears, headaches etc… But why always in the same time? Even my mom wonders why like his as a precise clock? It usually happens to me around 6 pm… I guess i still am fighting in the day and i just get tired later (am not sure), but its strange that its almost at the same time…"
176002548,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002549,"Paranoia, thought projection and having bullies in my head telling me I’m a horrible person"
176002550,"can apply to anyone. most people don’t trust, or don’t care, what the findings are. but if it’s to unlock a lifetime of being pent up, it’s helpful. My aunt _PERSON_ says, We all had difficult childhoods. Sometimes I agree with that, but I’m big All my life, of where I got hurt. it’s a poet’s thing, I think."
176002551,I tried to kill my self two years back but I didn’t think about it but did when my family showed up At the hospital and friends
176002552,"_AT_MENTION_ I got a news the other day from my disability community that researchers found a possible treatment for ALS/PLS/HSP, which can be beneficial for nerve degeneration. This may also benefit some people with organic brain diseases."
176002553,Hearted for the shout-out to Miss _NAME_!
176002554,The Jetsons. Classic cartoon.
176002555,"there is always the option of doing a mental health course run by the department of health…ive done two of them in my country but i know they are replicated the world over…the course i did was called “Fresh Start” and it was a personal development course for mentally ill pepole that lasted 5 months (full time) i thought it was great, it might suit you…i know theses courses are not likely to resume until covid dies down but it is a good idea to say it to your psychiatrist or mental health team as there is a small waiting list, so get your name onb the list Also have you ever thought of joining a mental health club …these are places where mentally ill folk can go to participate in art, creative writing, health management or group therapy to name but a few activities…or else you can just drop in for a coffee…i think those clubs are invaluable…look in to it, ask you mental health team"
176002556,"I also just applied for disability ! for me it will take 4 to 6 months before I know if my file is accepted and if I can have the money from the state to not work anymore. I have been working in international trade for 10 years and had to quit because of my psychosis. I know how hard it is to be forced to quit a job. life without a job is boring sometimes but for me I’m not able to work anymore so I enjoy little things like taking a coffee outside, strolling in a park or downtown… you’ll find a way to be thankful for theses little things. well good luck to you !"
176002557,So you like the cold weather?
174342312,LS! Hi _PERSON_! I started with Zyprexa in 1998 but had an incredible weight gain and switched to Risperdal. After seven years my psychiatrist thought it better because of my weight problems to switch me to Abilify. But as a side effect I lost my eyesight when stressed on Abilify and it did lasting damage to my vision. My GP eight years ago stopped my medication but this proved to be a bad idea. So seven years ago I went on Risperdal again. Recently two times a cardiologist warned me that Risperdal is bad for my heart. I had my heart checked because of arrythmias. Abilify gave me nervous energy and I am doing great now on Risperdal. I am happy with Risperdal and was not happy with Zyprexa or Abilify.
176002558,"I was brought up in a religous setting since a boy. Not that the family were religious - but i sang in a choir for years. It was inevitable for me, that it would seep into my psychosis."
176002559,"Take your meds and avoid all references to religion until you have the delusion under control. This is important because in the state you are in, any religious talk can be misconstrued and expanded by delusional thinking."
176002560,sorry to hear they having a hard time =( i hope things get better soon again…
176002561,I would def try this medication.
176002562,"Im glad to know someone feels this way too lol. It would be super trippy if I was having this conversation with a person made from my consciousness to rationalize my external world so that I believe it exists. Not convinced though. Then again _PERSON_ not convinced it isnt real either, so _PERSON_ not gonna test it by doing something stupid. I just wish I could control it if thats what it is. Make the “world” into what I wish it was"
176002563,PubMed Binge Eating Disorders in Antipsychotic-Treated Patients With Schizophrenia:... Binge eating disorders should be considered as important factors involved in the development of weight gain and metabolic syndrome in antipsychotic-treated patients with schizophrenia. The difficulty to reliably assess binge eating spectrum disorders...
176002564,"For those looking to quit or cut down on porn watching, check out the app Brainbuddy!"
176002565,"Yes, it happens to me all the time. 2,3,4 seconds approximately."
176002566,I hope you can get back on track.
176002567,Yes. I hear voices in different languages especially Spanish being that Spanish is my second language.
176002568,sounds like good topics
176002569,I really like that! Nothing wrong with playing the game to win!
176002570,"I don’t however like the fact that he calls your dog names (insults) Yes, why are you noticing this about your partner now? Definitely talk to him about this. I know how much you love your pug."
176002571,This is good news from you. Hope the increase of the dose of your meds works out for you.
176002572,I’ve felt alone a lot in the past because nobody could help me.
176002573,"Very beautiful. Regardless of whether you followed a tutorial or not, you’ve done a great job. I can guarantee you that if i had followed the same tutorial, my eye would not come out looking like yours."
176002574,"I relate a lot, At a toll booth the sign said “_PERSON_ slowly” and I thought it was something super sadistic meant for me. There were things that led up to this state, weakening me of course."
174342313,i think there is 0 supernatural element. but my old delusion was that I would receive revolutionary information from the universe or aliens in form of voices. that old thought sometimes pops up but I know better.
176002575,"Healthline 15 Tips to Overcome Binge Eating Binge eating can have long-term health effects if left untreated, but it is possible to overcome it. This is something I struggle with. I’ve found that not skipping meals helps. Also since I’ve been keeping my house cleaner that also helps for some reason. Though not perfect my binges haven’t been as bad."
176002576,Good job. Maybe deleting Facebook was going overboard though.
176002577,Yumm?? _PHONE_NO_
176002578,I hope to be off meds some day. Could take years or a life time. Some type of government psy-op victim here. I just want to recover and move on. Get better and med free. I want a degree and to be successful. Whatever. Maybe it’s not meant to be?
176002579,Welcome Rose! Hope you find this place to your liking.
176002580,I have mild depression. I take sertraline lowest dose. I notice it in sometimes i dont want too do anything.
176002581,Yikes. Don’t know if I should worry about that. So far I function relatively well on my own. It’s not great but I keep a part time job and my bills are in order. As I get older though I’ve noticed more deficits. I hope that correlation doesn’t signify the direction of how my illness will affect me:/
176002582,"Sometimes before I realize to say what I’m thinking out loud it already happens. I’ll work on it, though. Thanks."
176002583,"If you can enjoy games with SZ, more power to you."
176002584,My voices say they are god and gonna make me 200 percent of the god conciseness to torture me and with all the pain ever felt types pie does any one else have this where their voices say their gonna infinitely torture them in intricate ways and they it’s to late cuz I didnt listen to them and smoked cigs
176002585,"I totally understand that one. I believe my ancestors and some very special aliens are in constant contact / oversight with me. It is a belief, not a delusion, well it doesn’t seem it’s a delusion but maybe it is but I like the idea so I’m ok with it. It’s one of several mental adjustments I have made to make it easy for me to develop and maintain a great marriage and reestablish great relationships with my family. That being said I’m not so sure pie eating is that funny. If he though he was King _NAME_ then in my world he was another kind of King _NAME_."
176002586,What supplements are these?
176002587,450 mg is too much
176002588,I have lots of nightmares and it makes getting to sleep dreadful.
176002589,I kind of feel the same way. I’m not super excited about being in the insurance industry. I try to take the view that I’m making a necessary evil less evil.
176002590,"Hi thanks for that. I’m Irish not Asian, but the 5mg dosage is the starting dose for my depression along with other meds, pdoc said. I’m just taking it a week now. Hopefully 5mg will work soon. If not she may increase or try me on lithium. I’m not small so maybe she just thinks the 5mg should do the trick. I’ve treatment resistant depression so its difficult to treat unfortunately. Will see how it goes. Thanks"
174342316,Abilify worked really well when I was a teenager didn’t need another med just abilify however I’m older now and take it with haldol lamictal wellbutrin and klonopin it’s still a good med tho
176002591,No they don’t. jk
176002592,She’s definitely not a spy. I’d just continue being polite/nice to her whenever you talk to her. But you don’t have to talk to her if you don’t want to. Sometimes there’s just a personality clash between people.
176002593,man back up to 124 kg but still eating healthy.
176002594,My old pdoc disagreed
176002595,Or you could be enjoying that career you wanted and pulling in dat phat paycheque.
176002596,I know but I asked how many don’t hallucinate
176002597,"“Can you be sure to hit the bathrooms tonight? I don’t think they got done on Sunday, and I don’t know how much time you had last night to do them. _PERSON_ said they were pretty messy this morning.” Me: “That’s bull-sh-it! I did a thorough job on the restrooms. And why isn’t she vacuuming the main hallway and lobby during the day?” She’s there 8 hours. I’m there for 4 hours. Don’t even start it with me bit-ch, you won’t find a better worker than me. I’m not going to let this get to me, but it kinda is. I go in every time he needs me, not even on my scheduled days, and includes again tonight."
176002598,Good luck with your studies! I’ve taken a course in python and yes it was quite easy but very useful for data. If you get the chance I would take an extra course in the subject. I wanna do my masters after my undergrad is over but I worry about the stress. I’m trying to do remote school (maybe for my masters too) to keep me from having episodes and I noticed I can get more courses in and get higher grades when I do this.
176002599,Is there a magic formula for taking Sarcosine?
176002600,Dogs are a big responsibility for sure _AT_MENTION_ and some dogs are more prone to overheating than others. I also have one of those portable water things for her during the summer.
174342315,At first no but gradually symptoms came back and I have tried haldol but I didn’t like the way it made me feel they then put me on abilify and it’s working with help if the latuda
176002601,I wish I felt that way…all I am is dry and blunt
176002602,"She obviously had an episode. If people are peeved about it then they should stay away. Problem solved. Boom! Magic. Malingering and feigning is harder to pull off than what most people think, and it is painfully clear she’s trying to convince herself that she pretended to have an episode more than she is trying to convince other people. The mods at least trust she had an episode otherwise the account would be banned, and thats good enough for me."
176002603,Please come back all the things I used to worry about Before covid.
176002604,"I think your doing a good job at it. Your way of letting it be is good for peace of mind. Don’t worry about trying to vibe with everyone, as long as your presentable and do the work you will be just fine at any job. cheers to the future."
176002605,"That’s a long time to have a kind ‘voice’. From my experience. Do u get unkind ‘voices’ too? Or just the kind one, since 2005"
176002606,About the men who follow and record me and about the cameras in my house. She said that means my medicine isn’t working at all. I know it helps me with certain things though. I’ve tried everything pretty much. The only things available in the USA that I haven’t tried are Clozapine and Caplyta. My dr says I’m not a good candidate for clozapine due to my medical conditions. I just don’t know what I’m supposed to do. It must be real if nothing works.
176002607,Yeah I do constantly
176002608,"God is perfect. He’s like a 360 degree circle. No angles, all smooth. Trust me on that. He did not make any mistakes. I don’t know why he created hell. That makes no sense to me. But just because it doesn’t make sense to me, doesn’t mean it’s not real. And so I’m afraid of it."
176002609,My works HR department knows I have a mental health problem but I refused to tell them what it is. If you work for a larger company I assume they do occupational health for employees. I did that and they kept my illness confidential and told them what adjustments to make
176002610,"My grandmother on my moms side spent a year in a mental hospital back in the 1940’s or 1950’s. The doctors called it a “nervous breakdown” but back then a nervous breakdown was kind of an umbrella diagnosis that covered a lot of different mental illnesses. My grandfather had a lot of money and the hospital was a very nice, upscale hospital where my grandmother spent the days relaxing and playing the piano."
176002611,? have also bad outlooking.i get used to it my limits so its not so important for me
174342320,I still don’t notice anything. Been taking them about a week. I am going out of town Monday though. Think I will leave them at home.
176002612,To whom are they exposed and how?
176002613,"Were you ever stable on a dose lower than 800 or they started you on 800? Its really up to you but know the risks if you loose insight. I loose insight on low doses and refuses meds but not on a dose close to a working one. I went down by myself 4-3mg Risperdal, with stress I was having paranoia and delusions with some hallucinations, I bumped back to 5mg bcz 4mg didn’t work, then went down to 4mg stable. I suggest you to aim 400-500 but its really your choice."
176002614,Sounds like a difficult friendship
176002615,I wentvfrom perphenazine to prolixin. I think the side effects are bad. I feel dementia. Is there something to take for side dementia?
176002616,To control us ! To stop drugs ! To change out thought patterns. The power of psychosis is so intense I would think if they induced certain aspects of it they could help us stop taking drugs or whatever and help us fight addiction or whatever be. Just a wild thought !!
176002617,Hey how are you
176002618,Yeah life is horrible off my meds. I love my meds. They give me no side effects and give me a good life.
176002619,"I have a topic in mind, I’ve made a start. I have to copy up what I’ve written so far."
176002620,Nothing Sleep Nothing
176002621,That is such good news! Congratulations.
174342323,When I first got to college I met all these wonderful guys and then i got schizophrenia that ruined everything. I’ve only had one boyfriend and it was because the voices told me to go out with him. I didn’t have feelings for and he was mean to me. I eventually broke up with him. Everyone my age is getting married or already married. I feel like I’m missing out
176002622,"During My Times of Troubles & Confusion & Fear & Danger, Connectivity (OR) Ideas of Reference, as The Doctors, Nurses, & Psychologists Would Say, Was One of My Biggest Hurdles…, Not to Mention The Social Construct of Unknown, And Unseen Enemies, Being in Spiritual Confusion (OR) Physical Surroundings of Those With The Goals to Take All I Didn’t Even Have in My Possession…, Which Caused Me Many Hours of Prayer With Intent to Destroy The Elusive Creature We All Know as Fear…, And it Can Be Done…, With Effort And Patience. Human Kindness. Work. Understanding. Charity. Time Alone. And The Courage to Step into The Light With Every Little Unique Quality You Own…, Also Known as “flaws”…, It Can be Simply Stated, That Connectivity Can Destroy Your Life if You Let it…, (OR), It Can Cause You to Explore Unknown Caverns You Never Thought You Would Ever Be Able to Study. With The Torch of Peace. And The Purpose to Learn. Nothing Will Ever Be Able to Stop You Again…, But There is a Problem
…, Connectivity. Chaos. Cracked Earth. Fire And Brimstone. Regret. Loss. Pain. Suffering. Anguish. Turmoil. And Connectivity Whispering, “IT’S ALL YOUR FAULT FRIEND OF MINE”. It’s Safe to Say, Sometimes The Negative Situations We Can Find Ourselves in, Can Leave us With a Calculation of 50/50. Our Own Fault And The Outside World. So, Subtract Connectivity. Is That Person Laughing Off in The Distance, Laughing at The Way You Walk?. Probably Not. But Even if He/She is, WHO CARES?. Is Your Ego Really That Priceless That You Need to Spend Any More Time, Other Than What it Took to Notice The Initial Reaction That Has No Truth to You as it’s Point is Received?. In Other Words, There Are More Important Things to Worry About Than Someone Laughing Off in The Distance. N e Hoo. Please Share Your Agreements on These Points And (OR) Disagreements and So On… . …"
176002623,I always felt good on 1mg of Ativan and 1mg of Klonopin. Wish I was still on them.
176002624,that’s a good one considering how many szs believe in some form of simulation.
176002625,_AT_MENTION_ well said and very true
174342324,Haha that’s me but that’s bcz of my severe negative symptoms.
174342325,I experienced quite many coincidences which are similar to yours. I have ideas that I will be very influential religious teacher who change the world much. Do you have diagnosis of schizophrenia?
176002626,"My understanding is that schizophrenia is a syndrome of excess dopamine in some parts of the brain, and deficiency of dopamine in others, the latter especially in the prefrontal cortex (PFC). Some antipsychotics increase dopamine release in the PFC in lab animals. -_NAME_."
176002627,"Dude, you’re sick, this illness is hard. I can see being disappointed that this illness has taken things from you. But I don’t want to see you being disappointed in yourself. That’s not placed right. You can’t just “be better” whenever you want instantly. It’s small steps. You made a step in just trying to push yourself to get out. You tried, there is no disappointment to be found in trying something hard. Maybe next time when you feel more secure, and can do it, maybe not, but keep trying. You’re still getting your meds, right?"
176002628,Be really careful. You can be tempted to take more. I did that recently and almost end up back in the psych ward.
176002629,Thank you. I’m happy to hear from you too. I seriously hope you don’t leave. You’re a sweet man.
174342329,"All antipsychotics cause sedation and sleepiness to some degree. I was sleeping 14h even during the day when I started Risperdal 3mg then I started drinking 2 cups of coffee every morning. Now I sleep about 8 hours. Your body will adapt to it too, you will sleep more when you start it."
176002630,i buy my own meds may be i need to buy generic my family insist that i buy original that costed me alot thank you i ll try au revoir
176002632,"My voices are still there. They’re mostly just background noise, though"
176002633,"Yes, I am a Buddha 666/999"
176002634,Okay I’m sorry but you have to realize im not being like this intentionally
176002635,It was ‘twirling in the wind’ that got me.
176002636,"theres no life on mars, its too close to the sun. all the water has dried out. if it was further away it could."
176002637,Yeah I do live alone. I tend to feel cramped when I lived with others and it gets uncomfortable since I don’t talk much.
176002638,What type of grandeur do you have? I usually have religious grandeur
176002639,For sure. You’ll kill it! Let us know how you get on if you can.
176002640,"My BMI is 16, I’m on Latuda."
176002641,Light flashes in your eye could me a detached retina. Keep a close eye on this condition and go to an eye doctor if it persists or gets worse.
174342332,Asking a bunch of mentally ill strangers on the Net to diagnose you - what could possibly go wrong? You need to see real doctors. Good luck.
174342327,"Invega injections has been good for positive symptoms. But not negative, I’ve been allowed to try Abilify Maintena next time I’m gettin an injection. Hoping it will give some energy among other things."
176002642,"Oh i clicked it away. I scored 76 or 78 or so, i think."
176002643,Do some simple exercise. You can do really easy things that work well and helps you physically and mentally as well. Hobbies are always good too. Even things like reading are productive things to do with spare time. Keeping busy is always good.
176002644,You post a lot of threads when you’re on here.
176002645,"Do ittttt! Im of the opinion that everyone can and should paint and draw, or create something, without worrying if it’s good or not. The fact that no one has ever and will ever paint or doodle the exact same thing is awesome to me. It should just be fun haha. Feel like there is no good or bad with art. It’s doing it that’s therapeutic, not the end result. My parents find some of them creepy, but my dad and sister paint too so there’s art all over the house. They always encouraged it:)"
176002646,You’re on 200mg right?
176002647,I am. It’s just not in terms of having a lot of money. Truly someone says to me what would you do if you had lots of money? In honesty I’d keep doing what I do now. Sure I’d be more comfortable but it wouldn’t really affect my life in any profound ways… For me that makes my life pretty wealthy as it is. Money would be nice but I have no hold over money and it doesn’t have much of a hold on me so I came into this world with nothing and that is how I plan to leave it…if I can go out naked too I’d be very happy.
174342343,"It has worked well for me for a long time, I don’t get many side effects other than sleepy, hard to say as I’m older so may be just me slowing down"
176002648,Do you like math _AT_MENTION_-Cotton
176002649,Hi what meds are you on?? This forum has helped me a great deal. I mean I’ve been diagnosed with sza for 9 years now and I find the support I get here although nothing is ever perfect is one of the best things I can do for myself. The insights you get from Other people suffering with the same things is a great assistance in general. Especially if you’re persistent with it you can learn some great coping mechanisms. Welcome.
176002650,haha it is awful lol I keep doing that. but today has been good so far so maybe I wont need to say lets start tomrrorw but I defo know the feeling of starting over a hundred times
176002651,i know i dont want to go without meds…it would just be awful crazy and i would have nothing but grief
176002652,This guy forgave me something big so i thought i can forgive too. Its really tough as she is repetitively hurting me but i forgive everything every single time. Eventually we are able to live in peace cause we found a peaceful solution.
176002653,"In England the Care act 2014 came into use .Scotland and Wales may have their own versions. I’m regarded as a vulnerable adult , and I’m supposed to be given an annual review . Of course this year with COVID-19 that review is unlikely to happen ."
176002654,"See this is wrong, cause I hate math, and I definitely don’t know it. XD Thats in fact the reason I hate it. So darn confusing. Prime roots is probably where I stopped progressing."
176002655,Abilify makes me extremely paranoid too. I had to discontinue it.
176002656,I used to they would tell me thinks like read a book go to school them when I was signing up for school they were saying good by like it was all over and I didn’t end up going to school. They used to tell me that I needed to slap people or touch people in inappropriate ways they just told me to throw my phone or go to hell not to post this they full of crap
176002657,Yeah! You’ll do great. 1515
176002658,_AT_MENTION_. I had to look at a converter as we use Celsius here. 50 degree F is approx 10 degrees C. Very cold! Where abouts do you live?
176002659,"Being normal is boring. Yes, sz sucks but I wouldn’t want to be normal. Plus, what even is normal?? Lol"
176002660,It sounds like you have unresolved depression. Lack of interest and pleasure in activities that you used to enjoy is a big sign of depression. If you are taking an anti-depressant you may need to talk to your pdoc about an increase or a different one.
176002661,"has latuda helped your cognition, focus, memory impairment excedra?? Invega did exact opposite and im doing washout with tegretol as it boosts metabolism by 1/2. My new psych agreed to this as I’ve had reverse/severe reaction. He knows invega takes 5-6 half lives to finally clear your muscle/fat/system. Feels good to finally be heard and worked with!"
176002662,"You still sound pretty much the same to me, but recovery can be a slow process. All the best."
176002663,"I feel that my fatty liver improved since cutting my calories intake in half and reducing carbs and fat by a lot and losing weight, went from 4000 calories to 1600-2000 and went from 295lb to 269lb. I just weighted myself earlier and lost another 2lb, I am now 269lb."
176002664,"i used to dream of eating meat at night, when i was vegan."
176002665,Yes there is but I just don’t go out much !
176002666,Which app? Which account?
176002667,Every time I quit taking my meds I ended up in the psych ward.
176002668,Okay i found a site i can chat with a counselor about my thoughts of suicide.
176002669,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ for replies…
176002670,Not dark shadows but light people out the corner of my eye
174342344,Shocked but not shocked. My previous diagnosis was bipolar but I just got paranoid delusions during my ‘manic’ episodes and was mainly depressed. I got a new pdoc about 3 years back and he changed my diagnosis to paranoid schizophrenia. I’m shocked because my old pdocs never suggested sz. I’ve had bipolar and ASD as suggestions previously.
176002671,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002672,I can relate…but deep inside i want to keep my flaws in secret. I think that to hide is the right thing to do. Of course that show it is liberator. But for own good we shouldnt
174342330,"~(Scanner Day 9 (Part 3)~ So. If You Dear Reader, Forum Participant, Moderator, Stranger, Family Member, or Lost Soul. Have Been Following Thus Strange Personal Story. Remember Thus!, it May Take Some Time. Some Thought. Some, Thus Too Shall Pass of Fear. Some Strength. Some Courage. And!, Some Mistakes. But!, Give up on Self Defeat. Keep at it. Keep Your Focus. Keep The Blue Sky And Beautiful Night in Mind. Gravity. All The Way Beyond The Moon. There is Much to Be Learned About Ourselves And The Universe That Holds us Together. I Feel Excited Every Single Day I Wake up. That Something Amazing is Going to Happen. And Sometimes, The _USER_ID_’s Show Me, How Gracious And Kind The Universe Can Be. So. No Matter How Terrible Your Days Can Feel. Remember to Try And Remind Yourself, That There is Always Light at The End of The Tunnel. It May Take One Minute. It May Take a Week. It May Even Take a Year. But!, if You Hold Tight to The Bond You Felt Growing up And Being Surprised at Some Sort of Strange M
iracle. Well…, Your Work Has Jus Begun. So. With That Said. I Would Like to Continue Sharing a Bit of My Personal Current Battle. About a Week Ago I Bought a Bottle of Evian Water. It Holds 1L of Water. (33.8 FL OZ). I Have Decided to Drink Out of That Bottle With Tap Water. For it’s a Slight Bit Expensive to Purchase. So. The Plan is Fill up The Empty Thirsty Belly With Evian Tap. And Drink Small Amounts of Perrier. In Order to Make The Calcium From The Perrier Last a Bit Longer. Now I Noticed Since I Have Been Subtracting Caffeine, It is Slightly Troublesome to Play My Acoustic Guitar. Withdrawals an All. So. If That isn’t a Sign, I Don’t Know What Could Be. Keeps it Cools, BRAVE EXPLORER’s!. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Bat Beam Dream (sleepoptimistic)"
176002673,"I might think that my delusions(?), more precisely coincidences, are something beautiful and epic, that they are some sort of compensation of the existence of sin and pain, which would be totally absent in the creation if every angel and human would have fulfilled the will of one and only God. Many of my coincidences were associated with things which are or at least may be considered sinful by Christians (Quran, a brutal computer game with various dangerous contents), football. So maybe devils worked really hard to make me so many coincidences. I do not want to deprave anyone. Since quite a long time I have thoughts about becoming a Muslim (although not Sunni or Shia), and the “best” argument for Islam look similar in some way to my coincidences - they are both really often associated with mathematical patterns. I read quite a lot about numerical miracles of Quran and I concluded that for a Christian they look as proof of exceptional craftiness of fallen angels. If the numerical miracles of Qur
an would be from God, why they were not known and used to propagate Islam in earlier centuries? Some (like many associated with prime numbers of letters, words, verses in first chapter) are enoughly simple to be known even in _NAME_’s time. But they rather were found and presented only in last decades."
176002674,I made new friends after sz who accepted my sz. I know there is people with _USER_ID_ but there is also people without _USER_ID_. My current best friend knows everything about my sz including my meds. I even told him that I am violent off meds. He’s cool with it and calls me everyday.
176002675,I think it ends either as a good or bad delusion
176002676,my mum has a soup maker and really likes it… at first she thought it was too small but now she really enjoys it. She makes soup and freezes the soups so we have soup every day…
174342348,"First of all _AT_MENTION_, you’re posting this question to a forum community of people living with schizophrenia who may or may not be experiencing similar things as you. Some of us who live with schizophrenia have more insight into our illness than others. Based on what you have posted here I think it is very clear you should be talking to a psychiatrist about your symptoms, so please do this right away. The prodromal (early ramp up) stage is gradual where the power (ability to convince your consciousness) of your delusions increases over time. Hearing voices, thinking you’re being watched, feeling paranoid, receiving secret messages, thinking there is a camera embedded in you or there are cameras everywhere enabling everyone to watch you … These are all pretty common types of delusions for people living with schizophrenia. Additionally you say you have been experiencing this for 3 years… Well the threshold for a diagnosis of schizophrenia is 6 months. Overall, it sounds like you are livin
g with schizophrenia with a fairly intermittent but sometimes high level of insight which is confusing you but you should definitely see a psychiatrist as soon as possible so you can be diagnosed and possibly treated. Best of luck on your road to self discovery and wellness."
176002677,"Taking walks is one of those things that it is hard to get started doing but once you start it gets enjoyable. I don’t know about you but I need space. I need a little breathing room, it helps me function and I get that from walking in the park or my sisters quiet mobile home park. So that’s one benefit of getting out and taking a walk. During my relapse in 1989 I moved in with my dad and when he left for work every day I used to take walks just for something to do. It got me out of the house. I was psychotic and I had to force myself but the bonus was that it tired me out and allowed me to have a good nap. And when my dad got home we would take a long walk too It helped."
174342333,Clozapine 500mg Lamotrigine 250mg Zoloft 50mg Concerta 96mg Vitamins Occasionally ephedrine
174342342,"I’m doing better now that I switched to Abilify from Zyprexa. I’m on Disability, but live a fairly normal life for a person who doesn’t work. My pdoc prescribed 5mg of Abilify to start. I guess we are going to see if any of my symptoms come back."
176002678,Sounds like something the grim reaper might say.
176002679,I can hide it pretty well for about 20-30 minutes. For any interactions longer than that I start to “fade” and it becomes far more difficult.
176002680,Yeah they don’t have any meds that target negatives yet but antipsychotics can make them worse or (sometimes) have a slight impact on them. I’m hopeful that ones in research like roluperidone might help in the future.
176002681,"_AT_MENTION_ I dont know if you realize this but every time I read your posts, it’s in the voice of _NAME_. Because of your old profile picture, I can’t help it. It’s funny though."
176002682,Instant soup? Boil eggs? Drink lots of water.
176002683,Dude when I had my wisdom teeth pulled out I was laughing at everything the doctor said
176002684,"I have been clean for 10 years now. Super good achievement. Can’t speak for recovered alcoholics, but I feel I am over the ‘hump’ now, and can really appreciate that these things were ruining my life."
176002685,"qp|| Give Thanx When You Have A Little…, When You Have Slight of More…, Zero Bore. |||+|||"
176002686,"i’m not sure you can, like laetitia says, call your local red cross, they will know everything you wanna know for sure."
176002687,_AT_MENTION_ Those were mentioned in the video appointment I had with the GP… I haven’t worn any socks at all for the last week or so.
176002688,That’s a good point I need to bring this up with my therapist… I have sent enough evidence but I doubt I will get anywhere with it… Applied 4 times now.
176002689,Cool . I like it. You’re an awesome artist
176002690,"It takes a few hours to kick in, unfortunately. I take vitamin d, it doesn’t help."
176002691,"Thanks. I was feeling stressed, and this peaceful painting cheered me up."
176002692,I feel like sz has made me stronger and a better person.
176002693,"I had in depth art therapy in a group But in hospital they were more like crafts sessions Not done music therapy, but I wrote a couple of songs on my own and they partly covered bits of my life and I found it therapeutic although recording them was a bit of a vanity project They were love songs / in rap"
176002694,"I just dont trust my eyes and memory. I have doubts about them. I can clearly see the door is closed, so due to trust issues, I keep checking the door again and again. Similarly i can clearly feel my hands are dry, i dont trust my feelings, so i dry my hands with towel again and again."
176002695,"How many of you are on a benzodiazepine? I know the opinion out there that benzos are evil but I find them to be one of the only things that helps with my anxiety, medication wise at least. I find pdoc opinions vary so much on this topic. One Pdoc has no problem what so ever writing me a script for 1mg Ativan twice a day. Then one of my Pdoc gave me a script for Klonopin to take for sleep then also as a prn so essentially I was getting 60 per month. Then I switched Pdocs again and they wouldn’t give me more than 7 per month, eventually they took away my script completely. My current Pdoc writes me a script for Klonopin 1mg PRN and I get 10 per month. What’s everyone’s opinion on this?"
176002696,I feel like I need to go to the hospital but I am terrified. I am terrified because I’m afraid it won’t help or possibly make things worse and then what?? I would love to hear any positive stories about the hospital where they actually helped you feel better. I need to get better for my family. Thanks so much
176002697,What multi-vitamin do you take? Or if you don’t take a multi is there a brand of vitamins that you’ve found that is superior and why do you think it’s superior?
176002698,Well I turned into a friggen zombie and so nasty. My meds ruined me. I was better off just touching my dose every once in a while and going off my meds here and then
174342355,"This is kind of academic, but you should be able to follow it, or your doctor should. Ask them. They need to know this and action this as there is no current research on this at all. There are possible treatments doctors should consider for you. Do not take treatments that are not recommended by your doctor. EGLN1 is a gene located right next to DISC1, which is a gene where a genetic defect causes schizopnrenia. EGLN3 is a gene located right next to NPAS3, which is a gene where a mutation is found in familial schizophrenia. Pointing this out is new. No one else has made the link between both these EGLN genes and schizopnrenia other than me. There is a higher rate of schizopnrenia in Marfan disorder. MIR190a targets the Marfan gene. MIR190a also targets the body’s response to hypoxia by acting on prolyl hydroxylase. EGLN genes are prolyl hydroxylases. EGLN3 has a predicted binding site for MIR190a. EGLN inhibitors are used to treat anemia in kidney disease. There are higher rates of anemia in psyc
hotic disorders. There are higher rates of anemia in Parkinson’s, as well as high rates of psychosis. EGLN3 has direct links to the Parkinson’s gene PINK1 and via PKM2 is closely linked to the Parkinson’s gene PARKIN. Calcium chelators are reported to inhibit EGLN genes. Salidroside found in the supplement rhodiola, which is said to treat anxiety, is reported to inhibit EGLN3 and not EGLN1 and 2. EGLN genes target HIF1a hypoxic response. Hypoxia causes schizopnrenia. The majority of 219 HIF1a predicted gene targets have close connections to schizopnrenia. This is new. No one else has said this but me. All of what I have said should be pretty easy to check. If you have anemia and psychosis or Marfan disorder and psychosis, you should ask your GP about treatment by EGLN inhibitors. If they say they know nothing about this, show them this post and ask them to write to their local research university to ask why this is not being researched. Once again, please act on your doctor’s advice in regards taking 
supplements or not and in regards any medications you are taking."
174342352,Here your study says Zyprexa is stronger than risperidone: gr1645×530 144 KB
176002699,On repeat? 15151
176002700,"I finished a university degree in litteratur and (science of ) religion, Those days the university was very freely structured, i could go to classes or just sit at home and write my homework / essays. I wouldn’t be able to do the same now (denmark) it’s much more structured nowadays, but give it a go, if you feel like. You never loose the knowledge you get even if you don’t get a degree."
176002701,"_AT_MENTION_ I know you good … Cuz i am fasinated by the development of China … President _PERSON_ visited nepal a year ago… My country is facing a lot of political problem … Must of the politician of Nepal are courrupted … We dont have employement oppertunities as it used to be… India other hand interfier in our internl issue … Same U.S and western Coutry … If i see any Chinese people … I have great respect for them … I have seen china helping lot of asian country like Sri lanka combodia maynmmar for their stability and growth , I want china to meddle in nepal internal affairs and make nepal grow like srilanka and Combodia… hope u have great day ahead…"
176002702,Congratulations ! It’s a very nice course.
176002703,"If dream sex counted or at least what my mind pictures sex to be like it would be a little more than that. But it’s zero during an average year. After years of staying off porn I don’t even play with the voices any more. I play a lot of corn hole, and watch women’s golf in my spare time."
176002704,I’m hoping she’s in hospital too.
176002705,Let’s not speculate about others when they can’t reply.
176002706,"_AT_MENTION_ , I wish I could buy you a little house on a Farm on the outskirts, where nobody would bother you."
176002707,"Agreed. Yes. I don’t need to be a multi-millionaire or billionaire. I just want to live a lower middle class life and not be homeless. Perhaps, share rent, bills with a girl."
176002708,Thank you:) I’ll mention this med to my Physciatrist.
176002709,I think I’ve had 1 orgasm in my life. These men were ready way faster than I. It was disappointing. By the time I was warming up they were already finished.
176002710,"Thanks man _PERSON_ doing my best. Having a hard time coping with the lockdown I guess. Ill make it though, really appreciate the kind words and support!"
176002711,Who are you referring to?
174342340,"Do any of you use a telehealth doctor? I have a doctor who wants to see me once a month. It’s very annoying to constantly have to get on the bus with negative symptoms. Any ideas? I have to take two buses and all the doctor does is increase meds to levels so high it’s mind boggling. They can’t increase the meds any higher. How do I keep my body from holding me in my home, so I don’t have to take a two hour ride to my psychiatrist. Only the see them on a computer screen as well. I don’t even get face to face interaction with them."
176002712,You’re very lucky then.
176002713,Are you in physical danger? That’s when having a boyfriend comes in handy.
176002714,Why are you changing?
174342338,"Congratulations. There was a schizophrenic doctor near me, but I never found out who it was. One doctor I saw, had a schizophrenic son."
174342350,Yes I’m on abilify injection. The switch to it went fine. Also it has little side effects.
176002715,"Im mistaken for being a homeless monkey pretty often. Since im brown i get the opposite of what happens to girls walking alone, being called a monkey or a little french indian. Usually the older ones do it."
174342341,Haha probably right.
176002716,My chest hurts and I almost fainted this morning
176002717,"Pins and needles in your feet and thumbs indicates problems with your circulation. Possibly low blood pressure or something. It can also be a side effect of some medications. You’ll go in for a neurological evaluation, but they will most likely say things are normal for you."
176002718,I didn’t answer because its luck. Some old ppl are surviving while some young healthy individuals are dying.
176002719,"It’s not the end, it’s a start."
176002720,"I’ve been on it since I was like 15. I honestly couldn’t tell you the effect it has on me, because I’ve changed so much since then."
176002721,"Bullying never, and as for personal attacks I believe in an eye for an eye. Good afternoon."
176002722,2.5mg olanzapine tablet 2.5mg clopixol tablet 30mg propranolol tablet daily
176002723,Wow. Really funny — I can’t seem to find any toilet paper either – a friend of mine said he saw some people fighting over it at big lots
176002724,I can’t keep up.
174342359,Doesn’t broccoli sprouts raise this chemical?
176002725,"I’m only on the beginning dose of 1.5 mg. I go up to 3 mg, tonight, though. I’m generally really sensitive to medication, as far as side effects go."
174342351,I feel drowsy about an hour after taking my clozaril and trilifon. I take trilifon 2x a day and clozaril at night. The trilifon doesnt make me drowsy as much as the clozaril does.
174342345,"Hey guys as above, how has clozapine worked for you?In my case it has been a game changer! It has really reduced my positive symptoms, not so much my negative symptoms, side effects can be hard such as weight gain sedation and blood work taken every four weeks, drooling at night but overall the pros outweigh the cons, just my experience, thoughts?"
176002726,Thanks _AT_MENTION_!
176002727,Try asking for a more potent antipsychotic according to the Lancet study since you are on latuda and vraylar I think abilify is more potent? Check the Lancet study to find out
176002728,"I just read about it and I see how they could help you. The reason for them being a drug interaction is because they both work on the same pathways the Cyp30 I believe! Anyway that just means they are metabolized via the liver. I take a lot of _NAME_! Way more then I should because I have endometriosis and docs are paranoid about using opiates for pain, which sucks. So I’m forced to damage my liver rather then take anything strong. I take 10-12 Aleve sometimes a day!"
174342360,I got my license before SZA so I can drive but I’ve never been very good at it. Now I’m worse. I cant filter out things I dont need and get distracted super easily. I stay away from driving as much as possible for now. But I may get a car eventually just to drive around town.
176002729,"Hmm. Sorry For Your Troubles For Starters. And Now Thus!. The Band Arcade Fire Has A Song Where The Vocalist Talks About Shadows And He Sing’s Nervously, ‘Some Of Them Big, Some Of Them Small’. I Once Had That Album…, Before It Got Stolen. The Name Of The Album Is, ‘Funeral’. Don’t Worry About The Title. It’s A Fun, Unique Trend Of Timeless Classics. The One To Worry About Is, ‘Neon Bible’. That One Is Jus As Good As The First, If Not Better. Depending On Your Mood. Either Or, Maybe Check The Band Out. You Might Find A Sense Of Connectivity As To Why You Are Seeing Strange, Eerie Shadows. OF TERROR (!!!). J/k!. Terror You Can Go Home Now. . . . . . ."
176002730,"I have an Australian accent, ‘cultivated’ subtype. But I can put on a convincing bogan accent If I need to."
176002731,Good thing they took you off it! You were a beast yes!?
176002732,The men came into my work repeatedly and they came into restaurants I went to as well as the movie theater. _AT_MENTION_
176002733,"Have lost about 32 lbs so far this year. Using MyFitnessPal and staying within calorie goals. Eating less, moving more. No fad diet, no fad exercises, just burning more calories than I’m taking in."
174342358,I really don’t recommend telling anyone that your schizophrenic. Let them see you for who you are not some label. It has horrible _USER_ID_ and a lot of people will assume that your totally nuts. It’s just a dx and it doesn’t have to define who you are. I’m sza and with the meds I’m on I can pass for normal easy most the time
176002734,"Good on you leaf, sounds like you’re through the worst of it, still sucks I’m sure, but it’ll hopefully just get easier from here on out. _PERSON_ for being nicotine free!"
176002735,Could be. You never know. Sometimes my wife will play a recorded show and I will say I have already seen this. She says it’s new. I don’t know. Maybe I saw it when it originally aired. I don’t watch tv all that often though. But sometimes I just get that feeling I have seen something before. TV is probably a bad example. Usually it’s real life events.
176002736,But not for 18 years. My middle sister had the family over for a late lunch. I wasn’t feeling very social so I kinda stayed on the outskirts of the action. My nephew came with his 5 year old twin girls. They’re so cute and just watching them interact with each other was funny and entertaining. One of them was licking the other ones nose which was hilarious and then they started wrestling and cracking each other up. I couldn’t handle 18 years of raising a child but in small doses I like being around them. And the food was good!
176002737,Yeah at times it’s unbearable I have to put my phone down and try to sleep it off but I can’t sleep lately so I just lay there waiting for it to leave and whenever I feel a glimpse of something I remember of all my problems and back down I go
174342370,I think it depends?. i bring my medicine just in case but ususally they dispense their own medicine. I bring my own inhaler bc i have asthma and they let me use it. I also brought my clozapine and they let me use it bc the hospital didn’t even have any
176002738,what do they look like _USER_ID_?
176002739,Condolences kind sir.
176002740,A good AP should deal with that issue.
176002741,lol okay whatever you say. im made good move. and i know it. Im done. plus you have to report it its the rules. im not replying anymore. if you want to talk about it more you guys can im done.
176002742,"I know. But now I’m no different than my abusive teacher. I hurt people. Simply with the fact that I hurt people, I don’t deserve to be with people."
176002743,You can post it here if you want or if you have a lot of stuff to show off you can make a thread like Yerffej’s Art Thread and put nothing but your art on it.
176002744,"That’s what I did. I increased my dose of risperidone from 4-6mg and now I don’t hear them anymore. I hope the same happens for you. I know they can seem very convincing but they are not real and deserve none of your attention, they are nothingness"
176002745,would you rate edge though? what dyou think of it?
176002746,"I hope I’m remembering your hobbies and pastimes correctly. You might mention that you enjoy doing volunteer work. Perhaps, you could mention that you enjoy working in the community garden. That might actually be a good icebreaker activity when the weather becomes warmer. I agree with you that you not mention mental illness right out of the gate, but rather wait until you get to know someone a bit, whether a new friend or a potential partner."
176002747,My mother has paranoid sz but she has also some negs.
176002748,What does irl mean
176002749,"It takes months, several months, for me"
176002750,I know what you mean I had to post a letter and had to work up to it over a few days.
176002751,"No you don’t see my issue. My account is very limited right now. As if there is a penalty. My username is grayed out when it shouldn’t be, etc. I am not looking for arguments or fights. I know exactly what I am talking about."
176002752,"No, jesus, you’re missing the point. You choose to go into a thread about wanting to drink, but not wanting to because of possible addiction, and then you go “hurp durp I enjoy beer nothing wrong with that”. It’s like going into a thread about cocaine addictions and saying “I just snorted a line, I feel great!” Try to show some consideration!"
176002753,"oh haha i wondered where u went lol, didnt know u changed your name haha"
174342362,The literary genre of old text is almost always not historiographical unlike texts written after 1800s.
176002754,"I think that my recovery has not been linear, that is it seems to jump around, getting better sometimes and worse others. For instance, a year or two after a long stay at the hospital I got a job which I maintained for about 3 years and I think I was doing pretty well until I left that job. Now I think I am working on other things. Also it seems that sometimes I am not sure I am any worse than I was when I was younger before the onset. One of the things that I might point to as a success is keeping the people in my head somewhat under control by fighting back for long periods of time."
176002755,I’m working currently and its hard sometimes but I think I’m doing well
176002756,okay i understand. I just dont want anything bad to happen to me in the future.
176002757,"When I was sexual I felt those feelings towards people of both sexes. I felt sexual towards all types. There was a connection I felt and then the sex would come later. I have had feelings toward gay men, gay women, straight men and straight women and bi-sexuals and have had sexual relationships with all of them. When you connect with someone on a deeper level, the “rules” change. I love that about myself and my life. I have had some amazing sexual relationships and tons and tons of good clean fun."
176002758,Because they’re busy…
176002759,"I’ve seen my bedroom get wavy for a bit a few times, and I briefly hallucinated a demon face on a nurse when I was in the hospital. Delusions are typically way more common for me than hallucinations as far as psychosis goes."
176002760,"I agree with everhopeful. You need to listen to your pdoc over your aunt. You can be high functioning as sza or sz. I hope to join the ranks of those with a full-time job soon (I’m currently job hunting) and I am considered high functioning, but it’s all down to the meds. Without Zyprexa I am too paranoid to leave the house and convinced I am being watched and recorded all the time. With it, I can drive, work, and be a better wife. Please don’t stop taking your meds. You said yourself that it took a lot to get help. Trust in the knowledge of those who helped you - and keep taking the meds. You’re fortunate to be high functioning, and you have lots of company. The meds will only make things better for you."
176002761,;l:( thats sad very sad
176002762,Rest assured that if you’re sorry and you don’t do those things anymore you’re forgiven
174342371,I used to be on a huge dose of abilify I don’t think it was necessary sigh
176002763,Ortho is trying to treat schizophrenia with vitamins. It doesn’t work. Tried it 10 years ago
174342369,"Thank you for the welcome. I hope you don’t lose your job, unless you want to lose your job. You work a lot! Are you in a position to live off welfare/benefits in your country? Life is too short to work all the time. Especially if you have schizophrenia."
176002764,You get 9 work trial months
176002765,1585477800573-19737523321836×3264 2.32 MB
176002766,Absolutely gorgeous! The cheeks are my favorite part.
176002767,"You can stay off the booze!! Your strong, you can do it."
176002768,"Knock Knock Who’s There?. _NAME_ Who?. _NAME_, I Already Told You His Last Name"
176002769,It’s how she reminds me that not every second of my day needs to be productive.
176002770,Yes but no one can study everything.
176002771,Yeah I just liked doing it all through amazon. It’s not like I ordered it all the time. But on special occasions it was awesome.
176002772,I’m So afraid of quitting
176002773,"I did a lot of shameful things when I was psichotic with friends,family at weddings…until the judge ordered to admitted me.I believed to be military target then I did stupid things all the time."
176002774,"Ahh, yes I get it now… Lol. Lol."
176002775,"One of my friends comes to Canada to work for a few months, and then returns to Cuba to support his family. Granted he’s not SZ though."
174342376,My prolactin must have gone down somewhat because I started my period last night. Been on abilify two weeks now so it must be starting to work.
174342363,"Since being on my abilify for the longest time every without pricking about with it I have lost most of my delusions. I can’t shake the feeling that my community mental health team don’t think I have sz. My nurse sees me once a fortnight and the vocational lady who does the job side sees me every week since I started work and my pdoc sees me every 2 to 3 months. Why would they be doing this when they don’t think I have sz? I’m under a hughe stress with starting work for the first time in years and have a really bad debt problem (totally my fault, not looking for sympathy.) I’m suicidal and in the past I’ve been worried about people following me, spying on me, putting cameras up, following me in cars etc and now this is all true because of debt collectors. I’m not paranoid, they really are out to get me. I feel like such a burdern and dissapointment to my family. Sorry to rant, but why would my community mental health team be lying to me about having sz?"
176002776,You’re more likely to get covid if you’re nuts because you won’t have sense enough to take precautions. Here’s a video of _NAME_ not taking precautions during sex (funny comedy 2 minute clip).
176002777,It’s the latest antipsychotic to come out.
174342377,"There are sources of cholecalciferol powder which are pretty cheap, but I’m having some difficulty sourcing also. I bought a bulk powder off ebay but that’s going to take a while to get here. It’s actually super affordable once you nail down a good source."
176002778,Herpes (cold sores) can be contagious via saliva. But most std’s require some form of oral or physical sexual contact
176002779,_AT_MENTION_ _NAME_ was a great author but he was a drug addict. He took ephidrine or speed by the handful and you can see it in his writing style. Yeah. It works on some levels but he’s not someone you’d admire…You rail against medications these days but _PERSON_ was on speed matey. Nothing to aspire too.
176002780,I smoked crack for four years in the late eighties. I got clean while staying in as temporary residential treatment home. I had been going to occasional AA and CA meetings before this but I went to meetings and then I still used. But when I was in this home I got serious about sobriety and getting clean; I started going to a meeting held downstairs every Tuesday and eventually my cravings and obsession with drugs stopped. I branched out to other meetings and when I moved into a board & care I walked or took the bus to 5 or 6 meetings a week. Now I have no desire to drink or use and I don’t miss drugs or alcohol at all. AA works!
176002781,"It is like black Friday, but online. I really don’t know how to explain it."
176002782,Beautiful dog pic!
176002783,If you have to ask… Probably. BUT I do it all the tine.
176002784,Well I was close to transfer to medschool. I have a degree in physiotherapy. You can transfer to medschool after 2 semesters with a GPA of 3.8+. I had 3.9 the first semester but I had cognitive symptoms of sz which reduces my grades. Then I got psychosis and dropped my 2nd semester. My grades sucked after being put on antipsychotics and after having psychosis voices. I finished with a 3.1 GPA.
176002785,Its great that you had such an insightful day. Happy to hear you know you’re headed in the right direction.
176002786,I’m seeing mine on Tuesday via Zoom.
176002787,"There comes a point when what pdocs focus on doesn’t apply that much. Does that mean you’re functioning well? - not necessarily . It just means you’re less overtly symptomatic Social difficulties can dominate with chronic , as opposed to acute, SMI. ,especially if you have ASD alongside the SMI. When you get to that stage the time between appointments becomes much longer than when you were first a psych patient."
176002788,Seroquel (However You Spell it). I Found to Be Like Moving in an Underwater Haze. Foggy. Slight Pressure. No Real Focus. And it Subtracted All Desire to Do Anything Positive Whatsoever. I Found it to Be Unhelpful in Any Sense. I Say it When People Bring Up Medications. Seek. Clarity. It is Much More Rewarding. And You Won’t Regret it. For What it’s Worth to Anyone Paying Attention.
176002789,Theres also compassion meditation! Pretty much the same thing.
176002790,"I’m just on Medicare. My income is too high to qualify for Medicaid, the only other government insurance in Arkansas. The head of the health department said she thought April for Arkansas. I’d prefer to get it at the pharmacy a half mile from where I live. They have inside seating and a public restroom that’s open."
176002791,"Distract yourself with things that you enjoy to do. Don’t let them pull you down too much and id tell your pdoc, especially if it is like more noisy in your head than before"
176002792,"No one? Were you the same people? When you felt better firstly on meds, but with the accumulation it was just the same? Gosh, today for those 5 minutes, everything got better. Even my talk, even my negatives, even my fears… Why with the accumulation, its always bad? I’ll try to maintain my brain in more ‘‘alive’’ state, even if its worried in order to help my meds work better."
176002793,"I only make eye contact when I’m talking to family members, and even then it’s a struggle. I really struggle when it’s someone I don’t know, like the pharmacist or someone who works in my pdoc’s office."
176002794,Think of all the people who die before collecting their social security who put money into the system. The government just robs _NAME_ to pay _NAME_. The right hand doesn’t know what the left hand is doing. Left over social security money and less services for the disabled because a lot of them will die by euthanasia saves money from the federal budget for disabled services and keeps us competitive with China. Kids will want to be euthanasia doctors when they grow up. Cash is king.
174342368,From an image I’ve had for several years .
176002795,Only delivering pizzas last year. I didn’t find work stressful at all.
176002796,Zentangles - first attempt. IMG_20190514_161412.jpg 1944×2592 1.14 MB
176002797,"I’m a recovering addict. I want to use sometimes but only seriously considered it once in the past 12 months. I think: I need to relax. Addiction is self destruction. I wanted to get rid of myself for a long time. One night I wrote for four hours about my life and when I finished I felt I’d offed myself. I watched a movie on youtube in that blank state and really enjoyed it, it was a showtime movie about mentally ill people committing crimes in the 1800’s, I didn’t know until afterwards it was discrimination."
176002798,They are just little rhinestones jm not sure of material probably plastic
176002799,"This might explain why they spent more time talking to my mother than me. The assessor was only interested in my life from 0 to about 5 - then some slightly later stuff. He said the forms I filled in gave him enough info for later life experiences. My query is wether the psychosis is triggered by Autism or not? I seems based on the source I posted that psychosis in Autism may be possible. I am being heavily medicated at the moment, and I am not happy about it at all. If there is any chance of reversing the direction we’re going in, I would appreciate it. Thanks _AT_MENTION_"
176002800,"Anti-discrimination is a form of discrimination itself. You’re discriminating against the people who discriminate. Keep that up and you’re getting into newspeak-territory, where even the language itself is being modified, to get rid of anything that might remotely sound negative. Double-plus ungood!"
176002801,"Crap I’m sorry I didn’t see the thread sooner, I would have said something. I had one attempt, and I regretted it after I did it. I was able to get to a hospital and my life was saved. I’ve never considered seriously attempting again after going through it. They say that one attempt begets more for some people but for me it was the opposite. You don’t want to be in that situation fearing for your life, reality sets in and you just want to live. That’s my experience, it’s all I can share to help. People like you and me have family and a life to live before we face the end. Try to keep your spirits up if you can!"
176002802,Mine were moderate. This is a snapshot of how I’m currently doing now. But when I’m fully psychotic they would be severe I’m sure.
176002803,Wonderful! I see a chalet in a waterfall.
176002804,the babysitter and her family destroyed my entire life by destroying my health and my mind. _NAME_
176002805,“Ode to Poetry” I hate poetry. Don’t understand it.
174342378,"Voices voices and more voices. In my head, and around me, through the walls and via other noises. Delusions. Ie unusual beliefs. Fear Anxiety Stress Loneliness Panic"
174342383,I went back to perphenazine which I feel is working. I still have a little problem here and there.
176002806,"I go every month. Last month, it was free because it was my tenth visit. My barber is a really chill guy and knows exactly how I like it."
176002807,FaceBook!..
176002808,"I had snapping, shouting and paranoid hitting."
176002809,Welcome to the community!
176002810,Nowadays your IQ is based on a comparison to those of the same age/age range as you.
174342380,Kudos to you for going to the conference !! I couldn’t do that …
176002811,"Well, I just wanted to apologize in case I made you misunderstand things, or made you feel annoyed. I don’t want to hurt anyone and you are valued."
176002812,I like thinking.
176002813,Yes. One time is considered abuse. It doesn’t have to be repeatedly done.
176002814,I should go to the hospital now but can’t Covid 19
176002815,"Don’t cold turkey meds ever. You are physiologically dependent on them, even a low dose. Taper with a pdoc always. I cold turkeyed my 2 mg haldol cause I felt so good and my brain swole so bad my breathing was mildly affected. So this is a bad idea."
174342381,hello _USER_ID_ are you there
176002816,In some sense it’s like hell. I think some people picture hell as a place with fire or something when in reality i think it’s a place of mental torment. In some ways I feel like we face a mini hell at times. Just bein tormented mentally. I think it’s redemptive though because the suffering that we endure here makes us better people and more virtuous. In short it can be like hell at times lol
176002817,"I vape 40mg of nicotine salts with a pen vape. Its 95% healthier than smoking. Nicotine salts are better, more effects and less side effects. Nicotine helps me relax and focus. It helps with cognitive symptoms. Some research says its good for SZ and that’s self-medication. 90+% of SZs use nicotine."
176002818,Oh sorry. That was girlontv. I got it mixed up. The government is after me too so I’m not much help there
176002819,They should bring gouda or edamer cheese on their spaceships
176002820,"Image may contain: text that says ""I will continue evolving even if those around me aren't in support of the changes I am making. _USER_ID_ _NAME_""720×458 24.9 KB"
176002821,This is very dangerous to say nowadays
176002822,"I see. _PERSON_, we differ a bit on this… me, I tried 11 aps for ten years … you’ll do it, think how young you are"
174342379,The disability pension is one of the best things to ever happen to me. It helps me so much. I have difficulties socially and also with work tasks etc and the stress of work is not good for me. It can trigger stress and psychosis. A employment agency asked me to do a house keeping course and I wasn’t well enough and suffered and went psychotic and was hospitalised. I should of said no to them but then I would have lost my centrelink money so I did it even though I felt I couldn’t. I hope I never lose my pension. I can’t afford a lawyer but I would ask my family to help me fight to keep my pension. Someone in my family is a dr and they think I should be on the pension and just volunteer work as much as I want.
176002823,"Mornings are sometimes challenging, but pretty much any time I am tired they seem to take advantage and become more active"
176002824,It could be serious. _PERSON_ go to gp ASAP to rule out serious things.
176002825,"welcome back. Don’t know. I thought SSI was for people born with a disability, like my son with Down syndrome. I sure wish I could get more money, as I’ve worked all my life, even part time on the ropes, and earned a thousand a month for years. Still my check is set at $1056.00."
176002826,"I remember 2 past lives: A soldier in paris commune in 1871, And _PERSON_ born in 1893 and died in 1976"
176002827,_AT_MENTION_ informed me about how aps can cause temperature fluctuations. I read up on mine and it’s a side effect.
176002828,"I got a lot of side effect from vaping,like getting headache nausea but I don’t have any energy at all if I don’t vape,when I don’t vape.I have already quit for 6 months and the depression and anxiety for the past two month has been getting worse and worse.I am so stupid if I go back vaping,but though it would help my mental health somehow"
174342384,I had to take antipsychotics under _NAME_’s Law (a California law) in 2013. I went to court and they took minutes. I’m wondering if one can find any information on the court cases online. I want to see something official that says I have schizophrenia. It might help with my unusual beliefs. Thanks.
176002829,I think you’d be better off reading your Medical textbooks. You’re going to need way more detail than they give you on that show.
176002830,"Not so good, got to quit sucking on smoke."
176002831,"jamanetwork.com Effectiveness, Core Elements, and Moderators of Response of Cognitive... This _NAME_-analysis of randomized clinical trials gives a comprehensive update on cognitive remediation effectiveness for cognition and functioning in patients with schizophrenia and analyzes the core components of efficacy."
174342393,Its not approved yet for sz and it will take 5 years to reach my country after its approved in the US. My psychiatrist said it takes 5 years for new US meds to reach Canada.
176002832,I’m just as good at solving my problems than I decide to be. I choose to be good at solving them.
176002833,"I tried to workout today. But after such a hard workout yesterday, I couldn’t do the weights. I just did cardio today. Even that was hard because my legs were burning so much, but I’m proud I got through it anyway. Tomorrow I taking a day off. I’m just cleaning house tomorrow."
176002834,That’s all good. Keep at it . Sounds like you are keeping above water. Lol
176002835,"Let’s not go into someone’s past mistakes. She did her time and is welcome back. Everyone makes mistakes, and everyone is capable of learning amd growing."
176002836,Eating lots of junk food makes me sleep more. I noticed this.
176002837,"dkelr;fe';r.,r;rtp4-4033p0rprt;gt'.g,h;r;4-t030rertg;r';r3930rorpf040gofldvkdf;gr640×1140 477 KB"
174342386,"I have lamictal, clozapine and zoloft. Hard to tell how this combo will work. I’ve only been on zoloft a few weeks."
174342395,"I consider myself to be a high functioning sza. I do my own shopping, cooking, cleaning, hygiene, finances, make all my own personal, financial and business decisions. I don’t work, drive, or own a car because I can’t. I do volunteer. All of my positive symptoms are controlled with meds. I have minimal cognitive symptoms, mostly memory issues. I suffer from negative symptoms mostly amotivation, apathy, and withdrawal."
176002838,That’s terrifying I’m so glad you recovered to the extent you have. Bless you for helping troubled kids. I’d love to help others with mental illness but I don’t think I’ve got the chops for it.
174342388,"Hey man, I love this! This is really good, I can really feel the lyricism. Im not on steroids but my heart is boii I think your voice is a little too loud on this, but if you take it down just a smidge this will sound pretty pro! Great job man!"
176002839,“Asdfg” for a boy. “Zxcvb” for a girl.
176002840,My little nieces are finally Beginning to suspect That their uncle Is boring.
176002841,2f0hui1tj23211080×1152 107 KB
176002842,I think you are talking about having self control.
176002843,"Let me tell you, I will have a full huge swing in IQ points from being symptomatic to normal. It’s not your imagination. This disease robs us of our intelligence. We can’t focus sometimes, our working memory is impaired, and we can’t make sense of things. I’m frightened sometimes at how low functioning my brain is. But sometimes it all comes back to me and I can think straight. So hopefully, yes, your intelligence will come back. Just try to be patient with yourself."
176002844,"did you tell him that some people believe faith is a mental disorder, so what’s his excuse?"
176002845,"That’s great Ish, that you are better. How did you get way better in a few months?"
176002846,Very cool. I will try to see that one
176002847,Thanks _AT_MENTION_!
176002848,"Yes, daily nutrient supplements sound good right about now and if anyone takes a bite out of another clubhouse member’s food, they are going to pay. And yes, it’s not a price everyone can afford. My family is Hakka and if you break anything you can’t pay for, you can just pay in time."
176002849,Still give it a shot _AT_MENTION_ . You never know.
174342391,"I just got around to reading this article. I was very interested. For several reasons sz is believed to have a strong genetic component. But as the article says we sz’s generally do not have a lot of offspring (""low fecundity), so the genes are probably present throughout the normal population. I think there are many mysteries in sz and there will be several ways to sort them out, including looking at evolutionary trends. Thanks firemonkey for keeping up with the research."
176002850,my doctor checks my heart its good. im taking risk not you dont worry about me.
176002851,I gave quetiapine to my pet toad thing is he didn’t seem any better. Guess you cant turn ???? into gold.
174342392,"Just got another text from pdoc, he says all antipsycotics carry tardive dyskinesia risk except clozapine."
176002852,I don’t have an option… going private is expensive… i guess i’ll just have to wait …
176002853,I haven’t been on it long enough to tell you how its affecting me yet. Just started it recently. No such bad side effects that I need to stop taking it yet.
176002854,"Meds are only part of the equation. Personal responsibility is another, very large, part. You have to care about your life and the impact you have on others, and then commit to making sure that impact is positive. I’ve done hurtful things while psychotic. I burned bridges with a lot of people. And then, when I was aware of myself, I made it up to them. I committed myself to making positive changes and being able to contribute to the world around me. If we hide behind “I wasn’t thinking clearly so I’m not responsible” we will never get better. Whether you were thinking clearly or not, you are responsible for the pain you cause others, and you are responsible for making amends afterwards."
176002855,"Just had photosensitivity and wanted to walk in the daylight after I got fed up from being in the house all summer, so my pdoc agreed to switch it. Only reason why I got off it"
176002856,I’m a 6 or 7 out of 10. I have to really pushto get anything done. It’s a bit better on my new med
176002857,"I should have never, ever swallowed that powerful hallucinogenic drug during college. It opened up a door that lead to full blown psychosis. It lead me straight to the arms of these psychiatrists. Now I can never leave. I’m stuck in an endless loop of taking powerful psychotropic medications and living with these stigmatizing diagnoses. Wish I can start all over again."
176002858,"Dude, you’re you. Maybe you have something they haven’t hammered out that fits into a neat little box that a doctor can slap on you and call it a diagnosis. Homosexuality used to be a diagnosis of mental illness. Until recently, we didn’t have Intermittent Explosive Disorder. We’ve also seen the coming and going of Passive Aggressive Personality Disorder. It’s a science, and it’s evolving. Like I said in a different thread, we’re barely off the ground medically. Pharma is shooting with a blindfold on hoping to hit a passing bird. I don’t think we’re any closer to figuring out the brain than 20 years ago, not substantially at least. Because if they did, we’d have some new and effective treatments instead of rebranded and reboxed expensive pharma crap. You come here for support, you get pretty much what you’ve already gotten in this thread, and then it festers and eats at you some more. Getting a diagnosis, whatever it is and however it’s accomplished, will not solve anything 
for you. The same meds that work now will continue to provide relief, and the ones that don’t, you’re no longer taking. You’ve gotta get it into your head that a diagnosis will not help with anything. Unless you commit some immense high-publicity crime and are studied, you’re not going to get anything out of it other than a code to bill insurance and reference for tests. It is literally meaningless. So stop thinking about it. Some day it will come, and I don’t want to be a downer or rude, but it’s likely some day you’ll get diagnosed with something physical that will either be debilitating, terminal, or both. And then on that day, you’re going to wish that you never asked what your diagnosis was or what the treatment will be. Odds are, it’ll be a helluva lot worse than popping Risperdal and wondering about an evasive disease that really has no existential threat. I don’t want to come off as harsh, and I’m sorry if it reads this way. I’ve just seen you torment yourself over the years. M
aybe if I stomp on this fire, it can finally be put out. I’ve laid it all out for you. It’s up to you if you want to continue this obsession and suffer, or be done with it and put it to bed."
176002859,Book of job always cheers me up lol. The guys whole life was ruined and it gives me someone to sympathize with. Also Ecclesiastes or the gospels are good
174342396,I was highly delusional inside mostly paranoid and thoughts broadcast mixed with sideration
176002860,Where are you from?
176002861,Do you have any symptoms?
176002862,Mate. It is what it is. I don’t know the story and can’t/won’t comment but threats of any nature aren’t cool. I know we suffer but you pay a price for everything. Hang in there. How long you have the ankle strap on for till your good?..I’d find getting another psychiatrist to be a bigger problem! A good one of them is hard to find!
176002863,to me your sleep schedule sounds ok… i get up 09:06 and go to sleep between 22:00 and 23:00… so i sleep a bit more than you i think.
176002864,For those who have Put you through hell The best revenge Is living well (I’m paraphrasing an old saying)
176002865,All food in general…
176002866,Try grounding yourself. See if it helps
174342397,I had a doctor who failed to diagnose my schizophrenia and did not prescribe enough meds. I almost lost my career. A proper diagnosis of schizophrenia and meds saved my life. We have to be careful of first time posters who trash medicine due to anti-medical religious who come here.
176002867,Anyone feel like chatting?
174342404,So your extreme negative symptoms might be due to catatonia.
176002868,i see you is it meds forever then if i get the diagnosis? im worried about that
176002869,"I don’t think tapering off risperidone is wise, if you still have symptoms. It’s only for the people who have completely stopped hallucinating. If you hear even a little bit, it’s just going to get worse without antipsychotics."
176002870,your soul _PHONE_NO_
176002871,Was that in high scool or
176002872,"What on Earth does this have to do with the LGBT community? Whatever, dude."
176002873,Tbh my SZ stress gets exacerbated by my work stress and vice versa. But I have a lot of ways to cope so I’m good
174342405,Next time I’ll include trigger warning
176002874,"I’m on haldol as well, and I’m getting less voices on that med."
176002875,Ask you pdoc dude
176002876,Yes I am aware I am trying to be put back on one Tuesday
176002877,Drinking lots of water won’t flush your medications away.
176002878,i think it can happen through god 's power when he was loving me before my birth so he sent me to this era where all techonolgy and all amazements and every thing is possible now i am not sure if he still love me becoz of my sins
176002879,I was worried about 2 things. I cleaned them.
176002880,"I have good focus, lately I’ve been able to play games online again, which probably doesn’t sound like a step forward, but to me it is. The problem is I don’t feel good or get much satisfaction out of playing a pointless/repetitive game all day. I need something that feels worth my time. Something really worth doing, or is just really interesting. It doesn’t have to be something that generates income even. It just has to be something that can put me into a healthy state of obsession. Doing instead of idling. Activity suggestions? What are your go tos? What are your passions?"
176002881,"I got the dishes unloaded. And loaded. Or rather, I asked my kid to do it. I just need to check it because sometimes they do a crappy job. _AT_MENTION_ Its absolutely for that type of productivity too! Any type. I was hoping it could be inspirational for those of us dealing with hardcore lack of motivation as I am today. The next thing I need to do is check the dishwasher and start it. You’d think this wouldn’t take so much, but I’m really fighting it today."
176002882,Stress is that feeling when you have to leave the house
176002883,A friend of _NAME_’s! Welcome to the forum!
176002884,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176002885,"Early on medical marijuana cards were handed out more to people with injuries that caused pain. Arthritis and such medical conditions as well.Then research indicated that it helped cancer patients dealing with depression and side effects of radiation treatment. Then it became more common for people with severe depression or similar medically documented conditions. The early intentions of medical marijuana were to find an alternative and effective treatment to medical conditions. Of course marijuana advocates have always wanted to legalize it. Once medical marijuana appeared on the ballot for many states, it became a business to evaluate patients for medical marijuana cards. After that, you’d literally hear about people with a broken pinky that got access to medical marijuana for their “pain”. However, having had my medical marijuana card for several years before recreational use was legalized in this state, I did meet a lot of other people who found genuine medicinal help from medical marijua
na. Ranging from cancer patients I spoke with, to people who clearly had trouble walking because of a painful injury, and one thing I did learn is that it actually does help people with epileptic seizures. Another thing I noticed, the older the person, the more legitimate their reason for a medical marijuana card was. There is documented evidence of medicinal marijuana use for some medical conditions. When it comes down to it though, now marijuana is a bigger business than ever. In the beginning of medical marijuana legalization, the use was more legitimate and the research seemed more realistic. Then there was a big pro marijuana research phase. Also, medical marijuana dispensaries treated you as a patient and sometimes there was even a medical doctor in some. The people treated you like a person and not just a customer. Also, some were kind to the point where they’d provide medicinal marijuana for much less cost. I will tell you this much, they knew when a patient was really using marijuana for medicinal 
use. Even 8 could tell when someone just wanted to get high and called up a family doctor. They were usually more well off younger folk. Another really important thing is that medical marijuana wasn’t all about what strain is the most potent. Now it is all about making enough money to pay for the license to keep the dispensary open. As for the CBD craze, that’s really just a pro legalization movement. Sure potent CBD strains became popular for not getting a person too stoned while still giving them a solid high which some say might be safer for those with mental health related conditions, but in reality, I think CBD use is much better suited as an ointment and then it must be really high potency CBD ointment. That is usually more for pain or muscle relaxation. Kind of like _PERSON_’s Vaporub but more effective when it comes to pain. Truth is though with recreational marijuana use, there is no real product regulation. One CBD cream can be completely less effective than another. Now people are trying to s
ell something while trying to get it legalized nationwide. Before, medical dispensaries were a lot more afraid of being sued or being brought down by the gavel in court. Hell, the law could theoretically raid them at any point if there was even a small suspicion of illicit sales. Now there is soooooo much marijuana being grown that companies are just competing for profits. The CBD craze is clear evidence of that. Is cannabis medicinal for mental health conditions? In my personal experiences, low THC cannabis is. I’m talking really low THC. Then it’s like a nice cigarette. Real ????, in California, it is incredibly difficult to find lower potency marijuana now. I’m talking about that 70’s devil grass cannabis. Not that “kryptachronakuntalyte” that makes you eat the baby’s cereal and then you fall asleep when you smoke it cannabis."
176002886,"Hi, I was just thinking of you today. It’s crazy that you would post. You were one of the first people that inspired me on this forum back in February. I don’t know what to say except I know the struggle, you are important and not alone. I’ll say a prayer for for you tonight. Sounds like you have a lot going on. The right medication can make you want to socialize again and not have all those thoughts. That’s what happened to me. Happy you posted!"
176002887,"yeah im gona watch youtube for a bit,after i pay my bills,and go for a walk.today might be a good day for me,hopefully."
176002888,I’m guessing none of us are immune from feeling a little sadistic now and then. It seems to be human nature. It’s only trouble when you are always out to get even. Best to forgive and move on if you can.
176002889,Well done! It is no easy task. They look very delicious.
176002890,I dont know why but I dont hear otherworldly voices or chatter when I listen to them I think maybe its cause they have so much going on in most of their songs i cant catch hold of one thing that I can transform into a voice talking to me
176002891,"It depends what and how much you’re eating now. I wouldn’t suggest eating the same thing every day, though. You need more variety to get all the nutrients you need. But, generally, it looks good. Good luck."
176002892,Flag it as other with a request to add a TW. That is the standard protocol
174342402,"I’ve added 10+ co-workers from my work place to my Facebook. It’s kind of interesting to see the various types of posts by various types of people at work. I have less than 100 friends but still that is quite an accomplishment since I go on Facebook maybe 3-5 times a day. Also, no one on Facebook knows that I am schizophrenic either and assume all is good and dandy."
176002893,"No, I meant was his problem something that you did or just stupid ???? that he’s flipping out over?"
176002894,i think quitting the meds is the best option
176002895,"fadetoblack. write down everything that is making you anxious and upset. then circle the ones that you feel able to help yourself with. the big stuff that is worrying you, you should discuss with your therapist if you have one or a friend to ease the burden. when you see it on paper you will know that the problems are with limits just like us. hope this helps. hugs, _NAME_"
176002896,I like my meds they are helping my schizophrenia
176002897,You can check if you have a warrant.
176002898,I quit too. Wouldn’t dream of using again. No drugs for me.
176002899,Yes seroquel is to a very very good meds. It takes a way the last traces of psychosis and keeps me sober because it makes it impossible to get drunk. And that is good for me because I have a history of alcohol addiction.
176002900,welcome to the forum I don’t have any experiences with that med though.
176002901,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002902,C’mon _AT_MENTION_ take a diazepam. Don’t lose your sanity. 2 boxes wow! lol
176002903,Left the house to get my meds and milk and a tea from _NAME_ hortons. Had a small nap. My kids are popping by in a little while. Hoping I get the dishes done tonight.
176002904,"This is an intriguing find, I know I’ve experienced pronoia before it turned into paronia. Thoughts that while the world was once for me, now it has turned against me. Thank you for posting this, going into research mode now!"
174342415,Yes I hallucinated on different doses of Abilify.
174342403,"I don’t remember having much anxiety that I felt when on olanzipine. on respiridal I think it did become an issue, but when it got bad I switched to aripiprazole so quickly I can’t remember. And aripiprazole is just terrible for anxiety."
176002905,_AT_MENTION_ don’t do that !! you’re wrecking yourself…are you on meds? this is very serious I think _AT_MENTION_
176002906,"If they ask you if you are doing anything fun and you say “no” they say you are depressed and switch meds around. If you tell them you are going to do something really ambitious, you get “delusional disorder” or “grandiose delusion” or something else and walk with a limp for a few days after getting an involuntary depot. if you say “I’m fine. I think the meds are helping.” But then they say you are “faking good” You just can’t win. BS’ing your pdoc might sound like fun, but is a good way to have a sore bum or be put into “observation” for 72 hours."
176002907,I almost died twice from suicide in the past. One intentional car accident at 200kmh and an overdose that caused liver failure. I ended up in emergency hospital both times. Police thought I was on drugs and made me do tests. The day of the overdose I was diagnosed with psychosis as I thought I was Jesus and tried to kill my self with the overdose to prove it that I am immortal.
176002908,I think you should do what makes you happiest. Which sometimes also means going out of your comfort zone for tons of people. Don’t get me wrong. So good to find a balance of activities. But idk this board makes me happy even if there’s drama sometimes. It seems to help me. I slip in a lot of areas when I leave the board. Also gain in some others. But do what makes you happiest. The wisest choice for you. If you have to create tons of activities you aren’t even sure you’re going to like then maybe you might as well post a bit cuz you know you like to. Maybe cut Down to 2-3 hours a day idk. My 2 cents. Good luck with filling your schedule with good stuff
176002909,I wasn’t as tired as I was yesterday. Teaching went fine. I’m about to eat some good food.
176002910,I’m a Catholic Christian. I used to have a lot of ideas of reference regarding my religion. But they all went away with a little help from the members of sz.com My religion helps me. It doesn’t harm me.
176002911,"Sorry. It’s a nuclear stress test, to clarify."
176002912,No way I never knew he actually did it I don’t mean to laugh but that’s kinda funny
176002913,Thanks for clearing that up! _PERSON_
176002914,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002915,I’ve always done online. I study human computer interaction/ ux design
176002916,"is this normal at winter season, my tattoo is always dry i put lotion and it goes dry again, what do i do is this normal"
176002917,"Wow, that’s so cool"
176002918,_PERSON_ struggled to understand myself becausw i never got to explore my gender and sexuality as a teen even though i wanted to. My parents just wouldnt let me. Once i accepted that i am transgender the rest of my identity fell into place. Maybe theres something youre not accepting?
176002919,There are a lot of different theories about it mostly written by psych docs like _PERSON_ and others about early development
176002920,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m so sorry you struggle in this way! You’ve experienced awful things. I wish I could send you to my therapist; he would totally help you without hospitalizing you for life! Hopefully, you find a therapist you can trust who understands you and wants to help. I don’t want you to suffer alone."
176002921,I try to do something like ignoring index It is measurement from 1 to 10 determine how much I can ignore them and live my life independently It is hard but it is possible ignore as much as u can
176002922,"I just talked to my dad and realized that I was mistaken that there aren’t forty hours a week accountant jobs, and that I picked the wrong type of job to go into industry. I don’t mind working hard it’s just that I’ve been panicking about my episode. He was explaining to me that regardless of the number of hours a week it still would be bad to miss a week or two without a doctors note but that with a doctors note it would be ok. He was explaining that people get sick"
176002923,I wrote this on the wrong thread. I meant to write it under how to report said.
174342407,"Going off meds is very risky. Your brain adapts to them, and stopping abruptly can cause all kinds of withdrawal symptoms, and even a rebound psychosis. Schizophrenics need some kind of med to function. If they won the lottery of guesswork and found a supplement that reduces brain inflammation to functional levels, then they’ll need to stay on that for life, as well as adopt a fairly healthy lifestyle and diet, to prevent relapse. The schizophrenic brain doesn’t just spontaneously fix itself in a vacuum. All kinds of factors need to align for proper recovery."
176002924,Sounds very impressive!
176002925,I work 8 am to 430 pm. It ain’t so bad. Especially since I work from home.
176002926,I’ve been diagnosed with sza for a year now
174342412,"You are not necessarily doomed to a life of mediocrity and loneliness unless you keep your mindset that way. I suggest you study yourself and find out what you like to do and what you don’t. Knowing these things can help you to make a life that you can find rewarding and satisfying. Life is far from over at 30 plus. Join clubs, get active, do art or anything. Just do something and get going with your life. Learn to live with your faults and set achievable goals. What do you want to do? Don’t compare yourself to others and better yourself only."
176002927,Oh… I’m sorry to hear that
174342411,"Hi there, since i have been affected by schizophrenia, I am experiencing complete loss of emotions. I can no more feel joy, sadness, love … I am completely numb. this issue started before I take medications. my doctor prescribed Zoloft for me. I am taking the highest doze for 5 months now without any improvements. I am still emotionless. can anyone share his experience.?"
176002928,Ireland Breaking News – 27 Mar 20 All public and private gatherings banned as Ireland goes on lockdown until... The measures announced by Leo _PERSON_ after consultation with the National Public Health Emergency Team will run until April 12 Ireland in lockdown for 2 weeks.
176002929,theres a guy in our building whose anxiety is so high he cant work and doesnt sleep regularly. Hes been medically boarded and living off disability insurance
176002930,well I hope you are doing better? I do hope so…you deserve happiness.
174342425,I’m just telling you what my pdoc said. Abilify made me feel sick and latuda is making me angry.
176002931,Can we make friends without sinking our teeth into them to get their attention? I sometimes think the best friendships start out with a battle.
176002932,Leaving it and going home.
174342414,"I stopped meds for 1-2y, while I had less negative symptoms I still had negative symptoms compared to before sz."
176002933,"I thought to myself, “How is that possible?” thinking that it was your house itself getting vaccinated, lol! I’m happy for you. Wishing you all the best."
176002934,I know call it the “ta did” list kinda like “ta dah” cuz you did it. Idk I thought it was cute. I like it. It’s a really good idea to make the list of what you’ve accomplished so you can bolster your self esteem a little. I get the feeling you don’t give yourself credit for when you do accomplish things so this will be good to see it in black and white.
174342417,"For patients with first episode psychosis being treated with antipsychotic medication, an increase in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was associated with better verbal learning at a 1-year follow-up, according to a study published in the European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience . https://www.psychiatryadvisor.com/home/schizophrenia-advisor/high-density-lipoprotein-and-verbal-learning-in-first-episode-psychosis/"
176002935,"I haven’t had a panic attack in up to 2 years now avoiding stress helps, and not driving much even though _NAME_ says, Pull your big girl panties up. yeah, ok."
174342418,"Hi. I’m from Scandinavia and diagnosed with Schizotypal PD. But my symptoms fits better to “schizophrenia” than a personality disorder. But i can’t find any international self help group that deals with schizotypal disorder, i hope it’s okay i join your group. Schizotypal and schizoid disorder are very often a forgotten diagnosis and we flare around everywhere between a personality disorder and something else. Kind of lost. Looking for the other lost members Is there a specific community for those disorders?"
176002936,Depakote 500mg Fluphenazine 10mg Cogentin 1mg Klonopin 1mg ^^^^ night and I took them in the day It’s depakote DR not XR
176002937,"Sometimes I think that I am happy just dating, other times I get jealous of what I later realise is just an illusion, I can’t think straight, I might just be wrong, communication is hard, especially body language."
176002938,"Involve gross sex offenders who are in love with themselves, saying disgusting things. They’re much like the people who harass me in real life. Why can’t they find someone like whoever inflated their ego in the first place? Because it wasn’t me and never will be. It takes more than a dumb*ss liar to attract me, and they’ll never have anything I’m looking for."
176002939,"I truly believed that the police had stationed the two voices in my headby satellite to harass me, driving me to Suicide. Everyone was in on it, the woman at the diner, the guy who fix my furnace, my family… Everybody was out to screw me somehow and it was one huge practical joke, everyone was in on it, and just wasn’t funny They sent me to a psych, but I was convinced he was working with the police to kill me. I popped off screaming at people a couple of times, it was all so overwhelming"
176002940,congradulations _AT_MENTION_ . way to go. keep up the awesome work.
176002941,"We want to give up sometimes but…we can’t. I cry a little sometimes, and, as soon as possible, i move on."
174342420,I find it interesting to listening to my parents cause they have opposite opinions. I just wish to stay sane with this until I get tired of it and go for clozapine
176002942,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Hey guys I called the national suicide center and talked after taking my PRN. I feel better right now. Thank you guys again for being there, I truly appreciate it."
176002943,I don’t remember but its in the normal range last time I tested.
176002944,I have been very unlucky the very few times I broke a law. Got fined almost every time. For drinking alcohol in a park. For going out during lockdown. For taking a bus without ticket. 3 out of 3 lol. Must be a sign.
176002945,I see neither atm. Haven’t even told my nurse that I’m delusional cos it’s gone now. So yea u just have an mi nurse. I am entitled to long term therapy but I really need to get a full time job so that therapy might have to be cancelled
176002946,"I would talk to someone. Early intervention helps. I dropped out and regretted it. Im over it now, but i kinda wish i had low dose meds at the time or saw a psychiatrist at the time. I didnt. I had cognitive decline and intense, ocd philosophical thoughts. They say early intervention helps. I didnt try my first med until like over a year later. I kinda regret that. Maybe i would have graduated."
176002948,"I’ve noticed now I struggle with every day conversations. I stutter a lot and feel like words just get sucked out of my head mid sentence a lot. Like every conversation I have. people get irritated, i get irritated too. And no it’s not just from anxiety. It’s worse when I’m anxious. I’m on zyprexa and seroquel and not currently psychotic at all. Idk what’s going on"
176002949,Nobody has a soul. There is no such thing as a soul.
176002950,"I tried exercise. It’s very difficult. I think you have to start off really easy on yourself. I went to intense cycling and my body didn’t like it and I gave up. My life falls apart every so often, but remember, it can change for the better. I have had a rough couple of months, but my case manager has got me thinking straight again, and I hope you can too. A med adjustment and bentos have seen me mostly through a rough patch. I’d suggest if you’re getting these issues to try something similar to release some stress. Hang in there."
176002951,But I never willed this to happen before it was just an as it happened kind of thing
176002952,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_
176002953,"For a profession where observational skills are important, some MH professionals can fail badly ,quite disturbingly , at such a task."
176002954,"Since I got sick I feel like I can’t last long without masturbating, the urges get too strong and I get obsessed. It is like an addiction."
176002955,"I’m not good at making friends, and lately people have been insulting me, when I never thought of them, for a friend. I walked into a walmart, and a woman said: “No!” Like I had asked her something, then my hairdresser gave me a subliminal: “Never”. They’re not even my age."
176002956,"After being alone so long, I lack social skills now"
176002957,Exactly. Maybe each individual is the subject of a unique _NAME_ show
176002958,"idk why i stop reading, going start up again."
176002959,Sorry your having a rough time dude. Hopefully the feelings will disappear soon
176002960,I was wondering because I be getting mixed messages like they do want me and then that they really don’t want me anywhere near them its almost as if they want me dead.
176002961,"Golly Gosh you poor guy. Your not in hell yet and there is no good way out. Keep hanging in there. How long have you been on these meds you’re taking. Is there anything that makes you happy and can take your mind of your troubles? Are you sitting there alone with no one to talk to ? hmf, hmf. You need a friend. Sometimes you do well _AT_MENTION_ . Can you take an extra AP just one to help you out tonight? Going through hard times happens and when they are over you appreciate doing good a whole lot more…"
176002962,"It’s tough. It’s really tough. I think the people up at headquarters of these large corporations are so out of touch with what’s really happening. They’re not there for the rushes and the deep cleans and they think “how much harder can it be with this small change, and this one… and this one and this one”. I actually don’t take meds. I have quite a few valid reasons for not taking them. Meds are particularly risky for me personally but I’m actually thinking they may be worth the risk. I’ll bring it up with pdoc and see."
176002963,How about meeting him outside your house and put yourselves in a situation where you guys will do something before having sex? If he doesn’t want to then try going out with other people and just have fun!
176002964,These sounds are my own _NAME_
176002965,I’ve posted very few personal pictures . I’m now wondering whether I’ve been too open about things though .
174342427,I had an MRI and it came back normal even though I have strong positive symptoms
176002966,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176002967,"Happy, I’m sending you gentle hugs. You’re going through a lot right now… hugs!"
176002968,Schizo gang haha
176002969,My PTSD is weird. At one point the symptoms pretty much went away and I developed psycho somatic symptom disorder. Because the ptsd wasnt treated properly I essentially developed psychosis.
176002970,Lots of things. At least 7 different pursuits. Very confusing. They all seem exciting in their own way.
176002971,"So all your paranoid posts here were lies too? Your paranoid behavior with your parents and Drs is also a lie? You must become a Hollywood actor, you act too good."
176002972,I turn 52 in July. I feel much older.
176002973,Because my body is broken and my brains fcuked up.
176002974,I’ve sat in my chair and am suddenly amazed and baffled that I am still alive. So many close calls and just years and years of pain and frustration. It will just hit me and I literally shake my head and say wtf outloud. Than I feel some pride that I’ve made it this far.
176002975,"Do you have anything that helps calm you down that you can try? Inbetween customers, maybe you can try taking calming breaths or visualizing a calm scene like a beach or a tropical island?"
176002976,Yeeeaahh. Right now I’m on the dream level. Screenshot_20191126-155449_Max _PERSON_.jpg 2220×1080 1.11 MB Remember this _AT_MENTION_ ?
176002977,I don’t know then mate. Sorry. My experiences have on the whole been positive here in Bognor.
176002978,"I drink much coffee, like 2 pots a day. What meds are you on?"
176002979,"It’s very soothing. I have an outdoor one in my backyard, but it’s too cold to go out there now. I’m just rocking myself on the couch and in my bed."
176002980,"You get many of the emotions, of a pregnant woman, on Pharmaceuticals . ."
176002981,"I don’t think Seroquel is a good AP for me. It seems to have made my sexual problem worse, along with killing my sex drive itself which I have not experienced in an AP before. (Most give me erectile dysfunction, but do not harm the desire to have sex itself) I feel sedated every day, even after sleeping 10 or more hours a night. I need 2 coffees in the day to function like my normal self. I am seeing my nurse on Friday, he will probably reduce it before switching to something else so fast."
176002982,"no server ill effects since 2010, i enjoy everyday big time i learnt how 2 feel well by deprogramming my mind…i drive yes everyday…i beat sza"
176002983,i hope you find a good therapist!
176002984,Join the club lol !!!
176002985,"Different people can respond to the same medication in different ways. I haven’t switched from olanzapine to Latuda, but I have been on both medications. I think it is worth trying. If it doesn’t work you can switch back."
176002986,Im sorry for my comments yesterday i had a few beers and was being rude sorry _AT_MENTION_
176002987,Had it ever make your eyes twitch real bad like look in different positions
176002988,When I was drinking I did the wrong thing regularly. When I went on a hard drunk I had no idea of what I was going to do.
176002989,Do you get bizzare delusions like talking to dead people or thinking you’re an alien or people can hear your thoughts.
176002990,"Making mandolins and instruments is still learning and school, you aren’t over it. No one is ever over school. We learn every day and don’t pay for it! That sounds like a really cool trade btw"
176002991,Today I did 30 minutes of retro dance then 15 minutes core and then followed by one hour of pump. That’s my usual Friday exercise but I have put on 3 or 5 kg since my mum and grandma came to visit and I’m having a hysterectomy so will be away from the gym for a while.
176002992,What’s the main reasoning behind your yelling? Are you trying to change the world? For good or bad?
176002993,"i do loads, my day is almost completely full lol College student (3 years) Carers volunteer (starting again soon) Clubhouse Member (various tasks) ongoing Cleaner (paid employment) 8ths Carer for my Mum (various tasks) ongoing doesnt seem like much but it was and is for me, i’m just trying to fill my day and do some good, not to bothered about paid work at the moment but maybe in the future."
176002994,"NBC News New York will be first state to test treatment of coronavirus with blood from... The method dates back more than a century, but it has not been used widely in the United States in decades."
176002995,"Maybe its your sedation now… Usually, it wears off with time and you get used to it Try coffee too if you dont have side effects from it… Do you still get the feeling, that you are a bad person even on meds? I know this very well and it hurts a lot, i know I guess its a bit of paranoia, what the others think on this, i am interested?"
176002996,"When unmedicated I had erotomania. Its a delusion type that can happen in sz. I thought a spanish singer was in love with me. I followed her page on fb, instagram and liked all her photos thinking she would like me back. I think I even messaged her page but got no response. I thought that she’s waiting for me to be married and that it was God’s plan. I dont have love delusions anymore on meds. en.wikipedia.org Erotomania Erotomania is listed in the DSM-5 as a subtype of a delusional disorder. It is a relatively uncommon paranoid condition that is characterized by an individual's delusions of another person being infatuated with them. This disorder is most often seen (though not exclusively) in female patients who are shy, dependent and sexually inexperienced. The object of the delusion is typically a male who is unattainable due to high social or financial status, marriage or disinterest. The object o Erotomania ..."
176002997,15 minutes in the sun during summer here and I am burnt. I suppose the ozone hole is right near me.
176002998,"Hey guys, I never slept last night but I’ve been thinking about the bike and watched a load of YouTube about motorbikes and doing more research, I think I might get a petrol motorbike now, maybe a lexmoto with a good range, I think I’ll use it to learn on and get an electric motorbike later when they improve. I’m trying to be very careful about my choices, I need to pick a good digital camera too BC I want to take some good shots as well."
176002999,If you want I’ll come up there and kick their butts for you
176003000,This is very helpful. Thank you.
176003001,I think I understand your feelings. I spent a few years in bed due to symptoms of psychosis and crippling depression and I beat myself up for not being able to get out of bed and do anything. In the end I did what I could when I could and eventually found my way out of my situation. I’m glad I’m not tormenting myself anymore and making it even worse. Cut yourself a break. Beating yourself up isn’t going to change the end result only make the journey that more miserable.
176003002,You aren’t mistaken. You just have a different opinion than most people. I just wanted to reassure you .
176003003,I like eating and cooking too. Cooking is a newly acquired interest for me. Only in the last two years. It has reaped wonderful rewards for me.
176003004,I hate the locked wards. I’ve lost count on how many times I’ve been locked up and it’s never a good experience. I try to avoid it at all costs.
176003005,Curious to know…
176003006,I’ve been thinking that people can’t be trusted due to how I was abused. Is this a form of paranoid delusion?
176003007,"I worked as a tutor and the main thing holding me back from working again or even having a whole day go well is my low energy. I do day treatment in the morning and support group in the afternoon and somehow by the time I get home I never have the energy anymore to fold laundry, cook dinner or even shower. I just can’t be inside the house except to sleep. A lot of days, I just go out to ride the bus the whole day and stop in town for lunch. Low energy."
176003008,"wow, so you described a lot of what I experience day and night since 2015. I hear, feel, and on rare occasions have seen (something move rapidly then turn invisible) what I can only describe as a device that sounds like a combination of a machine/computer. It creates an array of noises throughout my body and can manipulate my body as well. This combination of sound and messing with my body has occurred simultaneously, though at some times it may just be the various sound(s) with no noticeable touching in my body. I also hear the voices speak while they mess with this device in my body. It sounds absurd, but this is literally what I experience non-stop and have yet to attribute it to being only in my head."
176003009,"It was by accident but to be honest and rotten it did give me a little satisfaction. All I did was walk to my car and glance at her but the daily psychological warfare from her, I just got a little even. Yes, I know how bad it makes me look to scare an old lady, even unintentionally, but the psychological stuff she puts me through is worse. I scared the 300 lb troublemaker upstairs too, and I’ll pay, but anyone in my shoes would do the same thing. They don’t understand, “live and let live”."
176003010,"My symptoms started at 16 y.o., I was diagnosed sz at age 21 after a suicide attempt."
176003011,"Giving can be a simple thing. I can think of a few examples of times when, if I’d offered a drink of water, the situation would have been much improved. Also, I am grateful to a person who offered me a drink of water."
176003012,i know how tough voices can be…are you on any meds?
176003013,You won’t be alone if you log on here
176003014,It’s good your getting the vaccine and aren’t sick. Seems like it will turn out well for you.
176003015,Yes twice 500 mg of metformin.
176003016,"I still think back and think, wow, that was some set of coincidences"
176003017,they feel internal in my brain.but they feel external if i dont take my medication.also when im bored they get worse.
176003018,"Well I know what I do, but a) i’m on a public forum and b) everyone’s different. I lived the first 20+ years of my life thinking that people are all the same. That’s such a wrong thought. Everyone is different and you need to put in the work to find what makes you calm. Breathing exercises are seriously very helpful for most people…but don’t forget to find that thing that makes you feel centered. For some people it’s ponies, for others it’s cats or meditation or painting weird paintings. Whatever it is, find it, put in the work, and enjoy the calm."
176003019,"My longest out of hospital was between 2005-2013 (8 years). In that time I recovered, went into a long remission and relapsed. Last time I was in hospital was last year Feb. So been out for 17 months now."
176003020,Not feeling too well this weekend
176003021,Geez. that’s rough. I was given physical care but I couldn’t get away from the fact that my parents were suicidal.
174342424,"I also take amisulpride (300mg) and I find coming off of it or lowering my dose to below 200mg makes me get very severe anxiety and tension. Sorry that it’s not available in the US, it’s a good med. I’m from South Africa and it’s widely available here but it’s so expensive! But it helped me a lot. I’ve been on it for nearly seven years and it seemed to be the only med that stabilised me. I take a small dose of olanzapine with it for the depression. (I have schizoaffective disorder)."
176003022,"They wouldnt be jealous , but i bet i would “suddenly” have mates again. Or the junkies that used to haress me in the shops would be at my door buzzer. I wouldnt tell a bloody soul tho."
176003023,"Maybe. I don’t think it is settled, but I found this: https://www.cellmedicine.com/allogeneic-human-umbilical-cord-mesenchymal-stem-cells-for-the-treatment-of-autism-spectrum-disorder-in-children-safety-profile-and-effect-on-cytokine-levels/ Eight subjects showed decreased CARS and ATEC scores over the course of treatment, to the point of changing symptom categories in their respective scales. The scores of three participants of this group, remarkably, changed from the category of severe autism to below the autism threshold on the CARS when the 12?month visit was compared with baseline."
176003024,"Wow, Im so glad you and your daughters like this so much! Im really proud of this piece I gotta say, but remember it wouldnt be great if your song wasnt so awesome! I went and gave my guy the go ahead, and Im already getting a bunch of views!"
176003025,I was 3. Its never gone into remission tho. I do have episodes that are worse than my normal crazy and I’ve regressed over the years but hey I’m still on my own so it could be worse.
176003026,I’m really struggling with cleaning my home. Is it horrible to use paper plates for meals during these rough times?
176003027,Which 3rd party candidate should I vote for in the US election?
176003028,thanks but I will be ok I went to see the Nurse last month so I should be fine until August
176003029,Very important. I’ve had sleep issues my whole life.
176003030,"I forgot all about this but when I had my relapse 5 years ago I had my ex-brother-in-law drive me to the psyche ward and come in with me while I got admitted. It was weird for two reasons: he had never seen me as bad off as I was. All my hospitalizations and the group homes were before he ever met my sister. Since he knew me, I had always lived independently and been employed. I didn’t know if it was strange for him to see me in that position, I had always been doing good during the time I met him and then he married my sister. The other weird thing was that as I was being interviewed to see if I should be admitted, an old therapist of mine just happen to be at the psyche ward. I don’t know what he was doing there but it was the same thing with him, he had never seen me do bad, as long as I saw him, I was always doing good. It just seemed very strange to me: Like worlds colliding!!!"
176003031,I’m trying to do that
176003032,"“Just Another Day” reality on a shoestring budget, the ins and outs of a now you see it, now you don’t type of living, ideas that seem a little too dangerous for the everyday citizens of a neat little world where there’s a place for everything and everything in its place, the takeover has begun"
176003033,Too long 151515
176003034,I want help but y’all just arguing when i didnt ask for it
176003035,The availability of food is so necessary for security. Our family was very tense on the subject. I got scolded for mentioning it.
174342439,"Drugs are probably essential as a start but also, from Google Scholar using “non-drug” treatment schizophrenia relatives’ counseling to reduce schizophrenic relapse I.e. it may in part be close relatives that trigger so counseling them and changing their behaviour might help reduce delusions. Cognitive behaviour therapy, which in my limited educational experience means generally teaching people that symptoms are the product of brain chemical imbalances not being on TV etc. There is quite a lot of research on Expressed Emotion both by schizophrenics and their families but the results seem inconclusive at best. Some relief is claimed of 1 Hz magnetic stimulation of the left side of the brain using a device called a Magstim made by a company in Wales. My guess is that like humming, it gets in the way of voice production. It is also used to treat depression. A course of TMS costs thousands but the Magstim machines cost about 1000 usd on ebay. There is a cheap one from China (aliexpress) for 160 U
SD or thereabouts (searching for “Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation”) but it may not go down to 1Hz. There is a video on YouTube and one commentator describes it as “harsh,” though much less harsh than electroconvulsive therapy which that YouTube video compares it to. Dance and Movement Therapy (DMT) or Body Psychotherapy (BPT) are sometimes claimed to be effective against negative symptoms of schizophrenia, particularly disembodiment. I knew a Japanese guy that felt disembodied and recommend he try dancing (to _PERSON_) in front of a mirror, which he said helped but only for a short space of time. There are several videos about dance and movement therapy."
176003036,For a last resort it is fine. It beats suicide !!
176003037,Then talk to us about it
176003038,"I don’t think it’s devil. I understand and have voices as well. Unfortunately it’s our brains misfiring and sending the wrong signals to the wrong places at the wrong times. Our brains are wired incorrectly to some degree. That’s just schizophrenia. But I pray for voices to pass, and for healing. I do believe there certainly is a spiritual realm as well."
176003039,if yall are concerned about the environment. take a look at this lol New Scientist Streaming online pornography produces as much CO2 as Belgium Streaming online videos generates 300 million tonnes of CO2 a year – nearly 1 per cent of global emissions – with pornography alone generating 80 million tonnes
176003040,"That reminds me of my college days. My mind really did work, didn’t it."
176003041,Trying your best to ignore them.
176003042,I woke up around 3am. Made coffee and ham and cheese mcmuffin. Watching the news. I’ll probably fall asleep again in the next hour.
176003043,"it’s what others say nope, my spirit is in check."
176003044,i can’t handle stress… it’s also the reason i don’t work anymore really…
176003045,Go out with trash Meditate See a Tv show
176003046,"Actually, yes, and I’d place that through _NAME_’s group. You’d need to make a compelling case as to why you require this insurance and it wouldn’t be cheap."
176003047,"The only thing that worked for my severe negative symptoms are partial dopamine agonists, Abilify. But Abilify caused other problems, addictions. I want to try a different partial dopamine agonist, Vraylar, but its not available here in Canada."
176003048,"Those suggestions are generally good advice anyways. Helps to make your world small when you have SZ, anything too big picture stresses you out. Isolation is great too, since that’s where you can heal. You aren’t well enough to go out a lot, you’d probably have a meltdown or something. Self-improvement is great too. Weight gain is worrisome though. Try to control it. I like intermittent fasting, just eating 50 cals every hour or so until 4 PM, then eating 2 meals until 8 PM. And repeat the next day. I’ve lost around 20 pounds that way, recently."
176003049,i knew something from young age.but it all made sense when i read it on internet.
176003050,"The Spanish flu killed about 3% of the entire world’s population. Corona virus is so far killing about 3% of those infected, and it is projected to infect 50% of the world. So if the numbers stay on course, it should be half as bad as the Spanish flu. The thing that made the Spanish flu so shocking was that it killed a large portion of young and otherwise healthy people."
176003051,6 weeks is usually a good period for most to see if a med is working. If not then talk to shrink and try something else. It’s no good suffering in silence. Speak to your psydoc and tell them how you feel. It really can make a difference!
176003052,"First, I got religion. Very important for my recovery. Then, I fell out of love with my ex husband. Also very important. Then, I got an apology for my childhood incest and abuse from my father. Important also. Then I started adding interests and hobbies to my life to make my life worth living. Things like playing a musical instrument, meditation, reading, volunteering, cooking, social media, cultural events, movies. And adding things important to my health like sleep hygiene, exercise, and good nutrition."
176003053,Every incident of life has been uploaded by programmers
176003054,_AT_MENTION_ Did you receive gi test results yet?
174342443,_AT_MENTION_ Thank you. I appreciate your kind words.
176003055,I lost 15kgs in 4 months with a keto diet (Pronokal). Didn’t notice any impact on my voices. I felt dizzy quit after 4 months and gained everything back and more.
176003056,Smart plan! How are you feeling about your visit with Dad? Is your sister going with you?
176003057,I’m curious _AT_MENTION_ What do you remember about it? I lived there for several years.
176003058,"thank you, i need to work more…"
176003059,Caring about nothing means An antipsychotic Is a bitter pill To swallow
174342447,"I never was a great one for exercising. Being called out for being physically awkward at gymnastics, and the last to be picked for sports teams at school, didn’t help. Also I find gym exercises are done way too fast for my coordination to cope with or are just too difficult. There’s walking , but then I can’t go far because of my poor sense of direction."
176003060,"get back, get back, get back to where you once belonged…get back jojo…"
176003061,"I hope we can talk again tomorrow. If you can’t sleep, please reach out. Goodnight!"
174342453,I bought things like crazy on abilify !! weird
176003062,In the Absence of Shadow Light is the absence of shadow Just as self-acceptance… No matter what Is the Salvation we’ve all been seeking How can I condemn another? Knowing that in the the process I destroy Myself as well Light is the absence of Shadow Just as Shadow is the absence Of Self-love ~ _NAME_ ~
176003063,"I’ve got a phone appointment with my psychiatrist in about a half an hour. I’m going to tell him that I think I’m going to be killed on Monday for being a false prophet, or some nonsense like that. This should be interesting…"
176003064,Sounds like they’re not being nice to you right now. Do you like music? I find music helps me when I’m getting picked on
176003065,You survived another day You can survive tomorrow It’s worth it Voices can’t keep you down You’re strong enough You’re clever enough
176003066,Yeah I get a bit paranoid and just want to get my shift overwith… i leave as soon as i can. It’s hard to drive home but I cope and manage to get home.
176003067,Sorry to hear that mate. Have a day on the sofa with a film and the duvet?
176003068,"When I quit drinking, I began to take opiates to get rid off the sadness and emptiness. Without I even noticed, I had taken them two weeks in a row. Then I stopped, and had mild withdrawal symptoms, chills, stomach cramps, fatigue, weak limbs. Tonight I woke up 1 o clock, and felt better. I think I’m over the worst. The french author and addict, _NAME_, was in a rehab clinic in 1920 and was cured for his addiction to opium. When he left, he wrote: “Now that I’m cured, I feel empty, poor, heartbroken and ill. I float. The day after tomorrow, I leave the clinic. Where should I go” I have to ask myself: Where should I go?"
176003069,"I read the first post, I also withdrew from all friends. I like how you described the feedback amplifier. All alone you lose feedback and it’s way different to deal with stuff."
176003070,"So, I thought about returning to grad school. However, the field I was interested in is too competitive and the cost is too high. The school wants about 66,000 dollars a year in tuition alone. I think at my age, I’m better off just enhancing what I have, not re-inventing the wheel. So, that is what I’m going to do. I will try to use the CAT tool on a trial basis to see if it is worth it, then purchase it to do work. Life is ok and manageable. But, I have to be careful, not to get manic or psychotic. I shall remain on my medication."
176003071,"Let’s face it, anything out of the ‘normal’ perception range could be described as some form of mental illness in our society; but like you are currently living, functioning and holding ‘alternate’ views can be achieved. If you tried to explain ego death while holding a religious belief such as a Buddhist philosophy to a psychiatrist who, in general holds a scientific world view then you are on a losing battle. Personally, having a spontaneous experience that illustrated such a concept is possible. Having had one and then explaining the scientific method to those that ‘supervise’ us is unnecessary because the death of the ego means that caring about what others think of you doesn’t matter any longer. Function in society and you can have outlandish ideas and it doesn’t matter anyway, as long as you function."
176003072,"Thanks for the replies. I’m feeling a lot better right now than when I posted this when I woke up. One thing I can always count on is that if I’m feeling awful, I’ll feel better at some point, at least for awhile. The voices have been quiet the whole day also which has been a blessing."
176003073,What us your experience with this medication? Was iui t ok for psychosis?
176003074,"Nice nap, that’s a big _NAME_ power nap man."
176003075,"I love the part of the feet knowing where to go, but the mind not knowing. Do this a lot, walk into a room in the house, Now why did I come in here again? ha/"
176003076,This thread made me yawn and then I just yawned again typing this. Weird stuff.
176003077,Sorry if this is too personal.
176003078,"what makes you assume that she doesn’t believe in sex before marriage? defo a discussion to have, yea I agree with _AT_MENTION_"
176003079,"I believed I was allowed to say whatever I could say and think whatever I could think. I concluded things that as notions were shallow and erroneous. I declared it was me against the world, or it was like a showdown or face off over god. I ennerved myself that some sort of suffering in the world was like a chain effect that persons were uncomfortable with, like at religious ceremonies, on the grounds of challenging belief, at the level of mythology. They blamed this for war, and illnesses, instead of accepting medicine or sciences, as some sort of mythology. As an unusual belief I developed a penchant for abusing skepticism, like I create absurdist arguments or doubt things only absurdly, letting something else before me get past. I believed in absurd arguments or thinking that was hateful or angry instead of being skeptical in a more sane approach."
176003080,"A frozen bacon cheeseburger. It’s about half as much food as a real one, or less."
176003081,I once had a delusion that I was a boat motor.
176003082,That reminds me of something _PERSON_ said - and tries to illustrate in her lectures - that if you accept something as a part of yourself then you can’t hate it. I’ve had murderous thoughts often. Especially when I was around all those people in my brothers 1 bedroom apartment. I even told my mom about those thoughts. “You don’t know how this feels… How frustrating it is for me to see people carry on like nothing is really going with themselves. To see all this discord and sickness that everyone wants to deny. How painful it is for me to just continue on like I’m okay.” Well I didn’t say that. That’s more of a theatrical version. The real version was pretty explicit and a bit irate.
176003083,Are you on a high dose of meds?
176003084,How are you sure your house is haunted and it’s not a delusion?
176003085,"I guess I live to survive. I am not depressed. I have a friend who calls me everyday after his work, we play video games together online. But I nearly never go out of my house. A few times a year."
176003086,Yeah I guess you’re right… I just feel like my doctor wants to label me as psychotic and deny my actual problems
176003087,I don’t see things in black white or grey _AT_MENTION_ to me everything is green.
176003088,When I started doing exercise I’ve done small amount of exercise too. I slowly increased as I felt more comfortable. I had severe negative symptoms at that time.
176003089,"Lately I am afraid of everything. When I drive I am afraid that the engine will break down, or something will happen to tires, when I walk I am afraid of stray dogs and I am paranoid about bad people that would kidnap me, looking back constantly, when I am home i am aftaid and when I am outside I have agoraphobia etc."
174342458,I think they thought I had schizophrenia because I was non-verbal in the hospital (by choice).
174342465,Its sad that 15% of SZs die by suicide. I tried once when I was unmedicated and psychotic. It was the only way to end the voices. I am in the 25% that are better but need help from a strong support network to get by. Source: WebMD https://www.webmd.com/schizophrenia/schizophrenia-outlook
176003090,"Some people just have small minds. Can’t comprehend things. I’m not delusional. How could I? I take several meds and they don’t do ????. Can’t medicate reality. Plus, I think you were trying to help me."
176003091,Can you describe?
174342456,"Don’t you take monthly blood tests for clozapine? Also, does it have a high probability for TD?"
176003092,You can have delusions as young as two or three.
176003093,"If they don’t have a paragraph after that one explaining how this view is dated by several decades and almost no one thinks that way anymore, and that some overly reductionistic behaviorist explanations like this one have historically been the cause of horrible treatments, then they need a good ass-whooping."
174342460,i think the best alternative for this is strong green tea. it have theanine which prevents you from getting needless anxiety at the same time able to think clearly.
176003094,"I think on paper people would see me as severe. I have funding from social services, don’t live independently, lack capacity with my finances etc But I’m able to interact well with people. I don’t come across with psychosis unless I’m unwell. I’m told that I don’t come across as somebody with an intellectual disability. I’m able to travel abroad frequently, got 3 holidays booked already for this year."
176003095,Do you hear them now?
176003096,"_AT_MENTION_ Asexuals can get panicked from sex? What about anxiety, or paranoia from it?"
176003097,"There was one person on the news who spit on the treating nurse. And the nurse got infected too because of him and if she dies, he’s going to be in a jail for a murder."
176003098,Ignorance. You don’t know how close normal is. You just know how normal you don’t feel. Your journey is probably going to be a long one. But you might find that the address you’re trying to find is in walking distance in your own neck of the woods. You might think… well what was all that fuss for? I’m only this little bit from where I was before.
176003099,"I know family is high up there, but if not, why not? And if so, why?"
176003100,"_NAME_ did his own version of all along the watch tower, led zeppelin is my favorite rock group."
176003101,"I would never leave the hospital with my problems. Something i learned over the years to help myself without running to the hospital. I do diverse diary, music and now i am ready to change my addictions with an active lifestyle. Anyway, today is a start. One day at the time. Hopefully you qualify for an early pension. Good luck."
176003102,"I actually made the mistake of pushing my friends away because I was psychotic and afraid for their safety. I thought someone was after me and was threatening me and my friends, and I didn’t want them to have to deal with that. Now I realize that that was not true, but unfortunately I removed all my friends and acquaintances on facebook last year during that psychotic episode. Now I’ve been slowly trying to reach out to people and reconnect, but I haven’t been very successful. A few precious people have been nice to me though."
176003103,"Not sure if it helps, but no one is putting thoughts in your head, it is all your own thoughts"
176003104,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176003105,I like this poem! I’ve been thinking lately that if I am ever in a position to feed and shelter a couple of dogs they would be Golden Retrievers. Are you going to do any poems about Chows? They have a _NAME_ dislike of strangers that unnerves me.
176003106,At some point you realize they’re all just pawns of their corporate overlords. Their promises mean nothing. Plus the button.
176003107,I’ve been throwing up 4-5 years.
176003108,The whole situation is pretty sad. But maybe just maybe I can overcome my fears through CBT with my new therapist. I’ll see what she thinks.
176003109,"I was having mood swings on Risperdal, along with low testosterone and _NAME_. I took Risperdal for years."
176003110,oh my that doesn’t mean that what you believe is true dear…you are still unstable and you need a different pdoc I believe that can attack your psychosis with treatment somehow…
176003111,"i would say dont believe the good or bad one. Just believe that they are only delusions. Try not to think about them, start doing something to keep your mind off of it and try to put it behind you…"
176003112,I somewhat agree with this to an extent.
176003113,"It’s probably just being protective of its nest. I see small black birds chasing off crows out back all the time, dive-bombing them and nipping at their heels"
176003114,I’m not sedated by 250mg haldol. I have no side effects
176003115,The only problem with going off meds is that in doing so you risk ending up a teeny tiny bit dead by suicide.
174342461,"Also, patients who have gray matter loss do not appear to have lost and cognitive function."
176003116,"That sounds like an alter personality, as in Dissociative Identity Disorder, also known as Multiple Personality Disorder. I have those too. Sometimes they take over the body and I lose time, getting a memory gap. -_NAME_."
176003117,So you took your friend’s prescription without telling a Dr like you said in your other thread?
176003118,I would get a PMP certificate and a green belt in six sigma.
174342469,"I’m now past page 200 and I can honestly say that I haven’t been this engaged in a book for a while. It details how each brother that got the illness got it, and also how it affects their family life. It also goes through the research of schizophrenia in both the past and present. Each brother manifests the illness differently and has a different severity. And if you are struggling a lot, I wouldn’t recommend this book just yet because it details some symptoms of the brothers. And also, as a disclaimer, this book talks about some child molestation done by one of the brothers, so just be prepared to be a little sad."
174342470,I also had part of my emotions back on Abilify but not as much as before schizophrenia. Are you now like before you had schizophrenia?
176003119,I’m so sorry to hear that about when you were younger. That is disgusting of them. It is def understandable why you feel like the way you do. And It’s OK to be uncertain about which gender u feel u are. Isn’t there even a binary gender as someone has mentioned.
176003120,Excess supplements and vitamins/minerals are eliminated by the liver and taking too much can damage the liver. Too much iron becomes concentrated in liver tissue and cause problems.
176003121,Problem is things have become so divisive that almost everything is political at the moment in the USA.
176003122,Try and join an outpatient program where you have groups and can cope with the same problems you having.
176003123,I don’t know what I would do. I’d likely just absorb the cost. Small claims is only effective if you have all your t’s crossed and dotted i’s. Without solid proof you don’t stand a chance.
176003124,I feel I am not living real life Some people plotting against me They hv great tools even to be invisible to me and spoiling my life in every area of my life They may be beside me but I don’t see them
176003125,"en.m.wikipedia.org Sarcosine Sarcosine, also known as N-methylglycine, is an intermediate and byproduct in glycine synthesis and degradation. Sarcosine is metabolized to glycine by the enzyme sarcosine dehydrogenase, while glycine-N-methyl transferase generates sarcosine from glycine. Sarcosine is an amino acid derivative that is naturally found in muscles and other body tissues. In the laboratory, it may be synthesized from chloroacetic acid and methylamine. Sarcosine is found naturally as an intermediate in the metabolism ..."
174342466,It made me binge eat and purge.
176003126,Thank you for thinking of me. Have a good one. Hope you feel better.
176003127,"I only can imagine the pain. I’m sorry that happened to you. However, don’t let it dictate your present and your future, don’t let it has power over you. You’re a strong person that overcame an horrible torture. I don’t know you but you must be a strong person."
176003128,I recently watched a video on youtube about facing fear which I think will be very useful to manage OCD urges. OCD urges also like what saying in this video it comes very fast and in that moment we simply act what it says but if we not do it those urges become weak.
176003129,What’s your current med situation ? Do I remember you saying you’d just started Vraylar?
176003130,"Maybe I’m being punished For being a bad person, Or maybe I’m a bad person Because I’m being punished."
176003131,antidepressant or antipsychotic?
176003132,It was _NAME_ who said “Eat to live; don’t live to eat.”
176003133,Does anyone else swing on swingsets to destress? I’ve done this for years. When my illness was at its worst I would go for 4 hours at a time. I limit myself to about 1 or 2 daily now. I’ve heard of a few others who do this and sometimes I see other adults who do the same. Just listen to music and swing for hours.
176003134,"This is true. There is obligatory heavy metals testing, but long term effects are not fully studied. There’s some implied trust for herbs that have been used for centuries not being cumulatively harmful, but it is an assumption. Green tea extract is one example of a long used herb ending up being bad for your liver, for one."
176003135,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I think Ill mix it with a little less saturation then, I agree it should be a bit softer Glad you liked it, thanks again!"
176003136,"Justification. Jus Sayin, Okay, Kid’s, Young Adults, Women, Men, And Aliens, More To Come, Patience Is A Virtue. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic)"
174342476,"Risperdal reduced my impulsivity but I still have some impulsivity. How to reduce impulsivity? I think cognitive symptoms increase impulsivity. I read that impulsivity is common in schizophrenia in acute and in chronic phases. It can also lead to aggression and violence like in my case but this happens rarely on meds. “Aggressive behavior and impulsivity are often found in paranoid schizophrenia and can occur during both acute and chronic phases of the illness. Impulsivity is defined as action without planning or reflection, and it seems to be related to a failure of behavioral filtering outside of consciousness.” Aggression and Impulsivity in Schizophrenia | Psychiatric Times behavior and impulsivity are,behavioral filtering outside of consciousness."
176003137,Yes I work but it’s not a paid job. I’m currently taking care of my ailing father and an active but sick puppy. I’m taking care of others but kind of ignoring my own needs in the process. My therapist and psychiatrist are trying to keep me on track.
176003138,"I fear that it might be diabetes related bcz my blood sugar is on the high limit, prediabetic. I am taking Metformin."
176003139,Mein Vater ist eine Deutsche burger! Er kommt aus den USA wann er neunzehn war. Er hat mit mir Deutsch gesprochen aber ich vergesse meistens das Grammatik lol Und du?
176003140,"i want to learn to produce i just dont have many ideas really because most the music i listen to nowadays is live performances with alot of improvising or recorded all in one go but those people are insane musicians, i think _NAME_ keep learning stuff and trying things tho so i can see where it goes"
176003141,"Hmm?. The Best, Begin To End The Worst, Sphere’s In Selves. . . Where The Only Problem, Is, In Their Parallel Sphere’s Of Self Doubt. . . . . . . Hope, Love, Joy, And Peace!."
176003142,Amongst urban people who live in big busy cities as opposed to people who live in small quiet rural places? Personally I would think that big cities generate more cases of mental illness because people are beeing stressed out by a busy environment and there are a lot more interaction and confrontation between people who are very different. I haven’t seen any studies on the topic though.
176003143,California did as well.
176003144,I obsess about smart things. Like the neighbors trying to drive me crazy.
176003145,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176003146,"lol there is a banana lady? I hope and hope and hope the same too. best of wishes with this too, !"
176003147,Would that be a penis with gangrene in the lower right hand corner? Jk! I love it. You are really talented. Thanks for sharing.
176003148,"Its to diverse to be fair. In the rules of nature its no fairness, not to mention man made rules. Love is brutal, dishonest, malevolent and beautiful at the same time."
176003149,auwww =( sorry to hear that. Do you have some ways that can help you relax? Maybe you have some PRN medication that you can take when you feel too bad? how long has it been since she passed away?
176003150,Depends what kind of man your ex boyfriend is and if he is capable of such? Though I’m sure it’s nothing it wasn’t THAT big of a deal like some guy only asked where the English people are. It could have been for a myriad of reasons
176003151,"I think mr happy has a point. You could try to go back on abilify and have a perscription of valium or some other sedative you could take when needed. Maybe turn your account over to your parents and they could give you a weekly allowance, and get a account with no credit to put some speedbumps on possible gambling addiction. Maybe this is something you could discuss with your parents."
176003152,When psychotic I could not make healthcare decisions. I needed the direction of my parents and my social worker.
176003153,Same with me my voices talk though sounds mostly the cars
176003154,You forgot _AT_MENTION_…He’s online
176003155,"Distractions might help with the pain. For some of the pain I experienced, I had no other strategy than to endure."
176003156,"Is there something I missed? I thought Latuda was only available in 20mg, 40 mg, and 80mg …"
176003157,"PubMed The Comorbidity of Schizophrenia Spectrum and Mood Disorders in Autism... Individuals with autism spectrum disorder are often diagnosed with at least one or more accompanying disorders. Most studies reported prevalence of the psychiatric comorbidities among these individuals; however, the incidence of developing..."
176003158,"Busy day at work. Hoping I can get some admin time, which is time away from customer-facing duties to work on my backlog of administrative tasks. More packing this evening."
176003160,Risperdal leaves me a bit flat down there but then again I don’t have a partner right now.
176003161,Take lots of breaks from the crowds. Sleep: depends on when I’m planning to get up. Some people require more routine. What has worked in the past?
176003162,Driving jobs are great. Most of the time you are getting paid to listen to the radio.
176003163,Unless they harm you or someone else.
174342473,That article made me think maybe I do have schizophrenia. When I read articles about schizophrenia I think maybe that’s me. I wonder if I don’t spend a good majority of my time in deep psychosis. Then I think that doesn’t really sound how a schizophrenic would think. After all the thing that kicked me out of my first psychosis was a social worker saying it’s impossible to read minds. That doesn’t sound like a schizophrenic. Another thing that helps me is being called crazy. It like triggers something in my mind to think maybe I am crazy. That doesn’t sound like a schizophrenic. If I am truly schizophrenic I think I would benefit from a program like that. Hmmmm I just don’t know. Did it help you?
176003165,"Those troubles help us to try other behaviors that maybe we wouldn’t try without them. Like to put up a wall to voices or ignore them or to get along ok even though they are there. I’ve had mine a long time, they just won’t go away. The meds help other things too and I think i’m on a good enough one."
176003166,I can make do as a complete loner.
174342483,"Actual cowboys I assume. They were standing in front of a country western bar dressed like cowboys with cowboy hats. I had two friends with me, we were all 17. They were 19 or 20 years old."
176003167,It means you’re a Capricorn
176003168,I sent about 20 conspiracy emails to people. Plus when the police took me to hospital I was shouting and pointing to people you’re not real. I feel ashamed and embarrassed.
174342485,"PubMed Too much or too little? Exploring effort perception in schizophrenia within... Introduction: To explain motivational difficulties in schizophrenia (SZ), attention has focused on the reward system and effort-based decision-making deficits. However, according to motivational intensity theory (MIT), effort is not directly..."
174342480,"I considered getting back on risperidone today…I’m delusional, I’m trying to find an atypical AP which doesn’t cause ocd (intrusive thoughts)…quetiapine (bad), olanzapine (worse), clozapine (never tried). Oxcarbazepine isn’t really working at 900mg yet for mania, I might ask to go up to 1200mg w/the 300mg lamotrigine. I will call my doctor to up oxcarbazepine after thursday I’m not calling the prairie care guy for another apptmt…I’m not stable enough, I’m going to focus on cognitive recovery until the end of the year or even past it"
176003169,how did you deal with the sleep/fatigue aspect?
176003170,"I used to be jealous of my sister because she has seemingly good circumnstances. because I did not appreciate how she treated me sometimes. so that made me feel like why does she seemingly have it easy whilst treating me the way she did sometimes. how would I get over that kind of resentment? I don’t know how to just ‘snap out of it’ I am not sure if I am still jealous of her, I might be subconsciously idk…I neeed to figure that out _AT_MENTION_"
174342478,My symptoms are under control besides negatives and depression.
176003171,Thankyou so much.
176003172,"So my case wasn’t a delusion because it’s possible to happen? Doubt it. Being killed is possible, being spied on is possible etc… ” Delusional disorder is characterized by irrational or intense belief(s) or suspicion(s) which a person believes to be true. These beliefs may seem outlandish and impossible (bizarre) or fit within the realm of what is possible (non-bizarre).”"
176003173,Iv aged since getting sz and all the shat that goes along with it. My skin has aged a lot as well on my face. I’m really worried about it. It’s because I drink tea to comfort myself during the sz and all the caffeine has aged me. But I would take that because I now know the voices were not real
174342475,"It’s my 19th birthday today. I’m having visions of my own death. If I was going to kill myself I’d jump off the Golden Gate Bridge so there’s no chance of survival with me just ending up in the psych ward for the millionth time. I just sent an angry text to my best friend in the whole world, _NAME_ (same name as me, isn’t that poignant and sweet) who I grew up with and love very much basically because I was lashing out at him because of heart break over my second best friend (_NAME_) blocking me. I’m also going to cut out my therapist and doctor because they don’t truly understand what it’s like to have schizophrenia. I have discovered that I am truly incapable of having successful relationships or friendships. Believe it or not I lived as a Catholic monk for a little while at a small co-_NAME_ monastery in SF. I was so at peace and truly happy. Stable. But I guess I enjoy the chaos, so I left. I wanted to get married and be a father. An actual father, not just a priest. But recentl
y my best friend told me I am probably unfit to be a husband and a father. That really hurt. Once upon a time me and _NAME_ kissed each other, and I fell in love with him. He is bisexual, and he just kissed me because he was feeling shitty about his breakup. We later did MDMA together (spare me the lecture about drug use and schizophrenia, it literally cured my PTSD with no negative mental health effects, and I already know most drugs are dangerous to use when you have schizophrenia), and I wrote him a love letter while I was in San _NAME_ General. When we did MDMA, I read it to him. He cried. Said it was the most beautiful thing anyone ever said about him. He said my poetry was otherworldly, and I was a beautiful person. He told me he loved me so much. But said it couldn’t work out. I later found out he had gotten back together with his on again off again girlfriend, who is manipulative, codependent, and borderline abusive. People say MDMA is a love drug, but I actually felt like doing it with him solidifi
ed our platonic friendship, and I was able to accept that it wouldn’t work out. Then I fell in love again with _NAME_, who had dated _NAME_ for a while. We wrote poetry to each other. We wrote letters to each other and she would always put a “love” stamp on her letters. She said “I am an intensely selfish person, and I stick around with you because I want to.” She said in one of her poems: “As far as we are one person, we are someone you walk to the edge of the village to meet.” We talked for thirty minutes every day. But she said there was not even a small chance that she would ever love me. She is selfish I guess. Whenever I have crisis (which has happened twice in the course of our friendship, in February, and now), I ask her to call me, but she blocks me because she doesn’t want to deal with it. And that’s not her fault. But it hurts. Today, we talked by text a little bit, she wished me happy birthday, I sent her a poem, and then I said I was going a little crazy and wanted to talk to he
r about angels, and she said: “If we fall out of touch, it’s my fault. It doesn’t have to be ‘about’ something.” And then she blocked me. I think this time it’s for good. So I’m going to cut them all out. The only two people who I can truly call my friend are this girl _NAME_, and _NAME_. The rest of my friends are literally assholes. Not even joking. They’re more acquaintances I hang out with because I don’t have anything better to do. So I’ve realized I am not WORTHY to be loved, and in fact, I myself am incapable of love. I don’t know if I should go back to being a monk, but I know I’m probably going to kill myself. I am a broken person. I was broken by the abuse I endured as a child. I was broken by schizophrenia. And I want it to end. Don’t worry, I’m not going to kill myself any time soon, but because my two suicide attempts have been completely impulsive decisions, I know it’s going to come."
176003174,I got my new med in the mail Saturday. I get meds typically in a tray sorted for me 4 trays per month but since i got prescribed a new med they sent me a bottle of buspar. It seems to be working just cant take it within 6 hours of my night pills. It could interact with the amitriptyline
176003175,"Since you didn’t have _NAME_’s Peanut Butter Cups I voted for my second best, Milky Way."
176003176,"Sounds delicious, _AT_MENTION_! Thinking I might replace the bun with lettuce leaves for low-carb reasons and see how it goes"
176003177,"A majority of my symptoms are cognitive and related to disorganized thought. My attentions pretty shot and I have a hard time reading sometimes. When I had episodes or flair ups, I only experienced delusions and confusion (no rhyme intended). Recently I tried mct oil to improve my thinking but it gave me a headache and made me sick. Anybody know of anything that could help with this? Something that is actually effective?"
176003178,I was on only 1 mg so I stopped taking it and immediately switched over.
176003179,I don’t know. I usually just check the new posts multiple times a day. No idea the hours that would translate to.
176003180,"lol, that’s quite a disclaimer you have there. no worries I took them."
176003181,"Don’t base your actions on outer phenomena, like what your partner wants. Be okay internally with meds. If you gain weight, change your diet and exercise more. Life with meds is not impossible!"
176003182,_AT_MENTION_ I’m sorry I should have included you in saying that you should share this with your pdoc.
176003183,Thanks did two degrees in psychology an undergrad and a one year postgraduate. One day I will do a masters in research psychology which was the plan. First need to gain financial independance though.
176003184,Not that it mattered to calm my delusions. They were at the moment about Aliens that had infiltrated the human society (“They Live” kinda thing) and all my thoughts were beeing broadcasted.
176003185,"Well _AT_MENTION_-Cotton, it’s vulnerable people like you that I worry about. I’m sad you’re getting exposed to ‘pro-death’ views bordering on eugenics. Your life is very important."
176003186,"I know its dangerous … But my ap doesnt kill my fears, i tried 11 aps for the time of ten years… But i know, i know, i start to go in something risky… I’ll try to do without them after my obligation this 27th of january, which involves going out etc… I dont understand why the zyprexa doesnt lower my anxiety and my paranoia…"
176003187,"When I was depressed or feeling like I’m not a good person, I had a therapist who told me to make a list of positive things about myself that I liked."
176003188,"I’m doing well. I have the sanity to laugh at her voice. She is _NAME_, the partner of Beelzebub and the mother of 27000 demons. I have whole history and mythology about my voices. You? Are you ok?"
176003189,Maybe thats the reason why they prescribed it I just thought it was for AP because they found out about my delusions months ago and then prescribed it
176003190,"When I was married to my abusive husband, he used to ignore my birthday. One of those birthdays, my mom sent me a bouquet of white tulips. Just simple, elegant white tulips. To this day it makes me cry. So beautiful."
176003191,That hip pain can be Bursitis? its like this band of muscle in the joint and it’s painful. I get it in left hip if I’m sitting in a certain position for a long time…like driving. I also get it in my shoulder. It’s no fun but I do a lot of exercise because I’ve little else to do and that helps heaps… Talk to a gp. It’s common and anti inflammamatries can help…
176003192,"I put on a patch. My ex is finally quitting. It seems like this time he’s actually going to do it. I really pray for his sake it’s true. And for mine. I think I’ll just have to be strong and say no to the cigarettes whether he goes back to them or not. My breathing is bad, my asthma is flared up. If I don’t smoke I don’t ever need to use my inhaler, when I smoke I have to use it all the time. When I don’t smoke, I don’t cough. When I smoke, I have a nasty hack. It’s just best for me to be strong now for both of us. I have to do it. Wish me luck."
176003193,Let’s just say I’m hoping tomorrow will be better
176003194,"That’s rough. Say, I have a question I hope you can help me with. I couldn’t post anything yesterday because I got an error message saying I couldn’t post more than 4 times because it was my first day on. But it wasn’t. Anything I can do if it happens again? And how do I know who’s a moderater?"
176003195,How are your voices now? Is it completely silent or do you still hear faint voices?
176003196,Good things 1515
176003197,Is it okay if I join?
176003198,Sometimes I hear my door bell ringing and no one is there.
176003199,I had a roommate who wanted me to break his leg with a tire tool. I bet he wanted pain medication. Of course I didn’t do it.
176003200,"_AT_MENTION_ , I really think that weighing myself everyday makes me more weight loss focused and accountable."
176003201,"LS! My blood pressure was 130/70 last time at the GP. I am 62, vegetarian, eat healthy, exercise and am obese."
176003202,It works well. We both live in the same school catchment so school is not an issue. My 2 youngest are in high school. The other 2 are adults and on their own. He’s a great dad so I’m glad we have shared custody.
176003203,"Oh idk, just your usual, seeing triangles, seeing eyes and signs that I don’t want to see, seeing what I consider the mark of the beast, not on myself but on ???? that I see, and thinking this is the end of the world, and these so called “spiritual awakenings” are actually the mark of the beast…"
176003204,"I started using cocaine when I was 15 because of the symptoms. There was no peer pressure or anything of the sort, in fact, I sought it out because I didn’t understand what was happening around me and felt the need to escape. My friends were smoking pot (I’m allergic) and I’m snorting coke. Eventually I started cooking it and smoking it instead, just to get the same ‘escape’ feeling. When I was high, I was afraid of “normal” things, like cops. When I wasn’t, I was seeing things and hearing things no one else could, terrified beyond belief. I learned to function using cocaine as a ‘medication’ to manage the craziness in my own mind. I really screwed myself up because I was too embarrassed and self conscious to tell someone I was hallucinating. I was too afraid to admit I was turning into “Her”, my grandmother no one could stand, so I did drugs instead. Worst mistake of my life. My family was so incredibly understanding when they found out I was hallucinating and I was finally 
diagnosed at 21. Now that I’m clean and can look back even further than 15, I find that there were some now obvious signs of issues well before 15 ever hit."
176003205,Augmentative and Alternative Communication. Mine is an iPad app. You can press pictures and it speaks for you. You can organize the buttons to work with your mind.
176003206,"I know these are scary and uncertain times but I truly believe we will emerge stronger if we remain calm, stay united and follow the guidance of health officials. That said, this virus is mentally taxing: several times I’ve found myself with my hands on my head and tears in my eyes. I’m okay with that because I find it cathartic. We are all in this together."
176003207,I don’t understand your wording
176003208,Do u take any AP?
176003209,"I never once asked someone to believe me, I want to debunk my delusions. Why does that come across as wanting people to believe me? I’m here for help"
176003210,"It takes several iterations of feeling stupid, believing it, talking about it and getting negative reinforcement from peers, until you become convinced of your own stupidity. But you can break the circle if you focus on what makes you feel good about yourself and talk about that instead."
176003211,I prefer being at home than in a psych ward. I would only go back if it was really needed. Being admitted costs a lot of money to the community and don’t want to waste resources.
176003212,I take the pills and do well accordingly. It really can make a difference over madness. Smoking isn’t good for your health whether it’s weed or nicotine. You’ll never get stable if it’s weed. It’s all about efficiency over side effects. If it’s controlling your symptoms then it’s great. Then you work on side effects.
176003213,That was a reply to the OP. The software doesn’t show who you reply to when you reply to the OP.
176003214,"I will not take it anymore. I am done with it. They don’t listen to me when I try to tell them something is wrong, so lets go out with a bang."
176003215,"_PERSON_, I don’t see the point of telling my family exactly how I feel in detail. It doesn’t help anyone. Unfortunately. I did tell them about my hair removal surgery (except my mum) though and that felt like a huge relief telling them about that huge insecurity. They never knew before Before it would make me paranoid to tell them but not anymore thnk gosh"
176003216,"Nice stuff—is nice. But there’s alternatives. Like I said, what’s worse: Having used or cheaper possessions, or having great trendy stuff but getting that bill each month to remind you that you might have a debt hanging over your head for many years? I mean there’s garage sales, flea markets, Good Will, Salvation army, Craigslist etc. All good places to find stuff to outfit a living space. Hey, I’m not trying to rain on your parade or deliberately spoil your plans. Moving into a new place and setting it up is fun. I’m just trying to be practical."
176003217,scv last1920×1080 396 KB
176003218,I was married for 7 years or so. That was then this is now.
174342489,"I had denialism for a little bit more than one year after my first psychotic episode, I didn´t know wtf was going on. It was very hard to tell apart the facts from the delusions and hallucinations. Nowadays I don´t remember too much about that period. From the second episode I was more aware of what my brain can do and I immediately went to the doctor the first day I was ill. The positive symptoms were super vivid aswell, but I had my experience to back me up. For example, I did trust my doctor and close family in that scenario. Because of that, it was resolved earlier and my recovery was for about three weeks (maybe one full month). Nevertheless I made a fool of myself (socially) in both scenarios."
176003219,I’m a liar. Everything I feel is normal and I’m just a spoilt b***h. Had hypomania last night and was singing and dancing for an hour or so. And this morning I crashed. And asked my husband is my mood swings normal and he said yes everyone gets them. And I can snap out of it. So I guess I’m not really sza I’m just this normal hypocrite that can slowly come off my meds. My psychiatric history is a lie. Everything’s a lie and I’m just this spoilt bit*h that’s looking for attention. _PERSON_ says I’m just a liar and hypocrite that faked my symptoms. I guess I must just snap out of it. I lived a lie all these years I hate my f***ing guts.
176003220,Maybe its just the sz?
176003221,"All of it is like a big monotonous blur right now, no I take that back there are good days and bad days, I’m just bored right now."
176003222,"I showed my tattoos to my new psychiatrist. The goddess _NAME_, I told him, is the voice of a goddess. The Solus Ipse means only Self, it’s solipsism. And the OMISM tattoo is my religion. He was very interested. He didn’t mock me as the previous ones"
176003223,"If you had catatonia then your delusional and intrusive thoughts not feel so compelling to respond to. Since you have no catatonia you can mimic it by acting like a catatonic person. For example remain still, not respond to it, let the thoughts be there but not respond to it. A main characteristic of a catatonic person is posturing that mean they can take any position or do any action without any thought and also they can maintain any position for as long as they want. So how posturing helps when you get these false thoughts? You simply not pay attention to it, quickly disregard it as if you not care about the consequences even if the thought is true. This way you can go against the thought and remain like this not responding to it for as long as you want. The reason I told all these is catatonia is body’s natural mechanism to deal with such bad thoughts, emotions, feelings etc so if you can act like it you can deal with such thoughts and feelings in a better way without affecting your daily func
tioning. Here is a video of a catatonic schizo person. The doctor asks him many provoking questions but he not bothered and finally doctor himself got so angry due to his lack of emotional response."
176003224,I used to feel like that too. Things can and do improve.
176003225,I’m sorry. That shows a complete lack of respect and I don’t blame you for not wanting to go there anymore.
176003226,"Oh yeah, and my current psychiatrist tells me I have PTSD."
176003227,It drives me mad. Im guilty as charged of this horrible thing called procrastination. It really sux. Are you a procrastinator? What tips do you have for beating it ?
174342486,"So I was looking at a book on the art and practice of diagnosis in TCM and there is masses to study, far more than I could absorb at the moment. There are literally thousands of diseases if not tens of thousands. Medical professionals specialize in order to cope with the sheer volume of different disease classifications. Such is the nature of reductionism. A GP, for example, will refer you to a specialist if it isn’t a simple diagnosis and from there you may get referred again and again. Do any of these diseases really exist, and if they do, do they exist as they are described? Does the description give them reality, manifesting them into existence? In my life around me, I am barely aware of many diseases in other people, everyone seems reasonably healthy, is that because I simply do not put my attention upon disease? I am the one who is sick, with schizophrenia. Some people I know have minor complaints, but mostly everyone is well or at least able to function. Perhaps it is an age thing. I reall
y don’t know what is real. As I have said, there are infinite realities. We only perceive a finite fraction of them at a time, or indeed one reality at a time, at least mostly. With schizophrenia, I sometimes perceive multiple realities at once and become very confused. It is not that I don’t think healing or caring for sick people is a worthy thing, I do, but what I am questioning is the choice of actually seeking such people out, when there are infinitely many of them. It is, at the end of the day, a vocation. Is it one that I want to engage with?"
176003228,"oh yeah! tell me what i want to hear. over and over again, until i believe it as truth!"
176003229,"I am an indian, Asian, currently living in India. would love to make Asian friends. have fun all."
176003230,Distruption To my routine Of doing nothing Is never welcome.
176003231,"Even though it ruined my life before, sometimes I miss feeling as good as I did when I was manic. It’s like a craving, but I obviously don’t want the bad parts or loss of insight. Just miss feeling so powerful and able to achieve anything."
176003232,I decline the nomination.
176003233,Do you have many coinisidnets
176003234,Take some L-theanine prn ?
176003235,What did I do now?
176003236,"Thank you I like experimenting with foods to get flavours I like, and strangely enough my synaesthesia helps me connect ingredients that go well together. Kind of like that rat from Ratatouille"
176003237,If I may ask… if you been stable for so long while being on them why get off of them?
176003238,"I’m a mixture, they can’t diagnose me properly"
176003239,I think different people suit different diets cos of our different biochemical makeup. its a process of trial and error
176003240,Been on it for 12 years. 7.5mg. I tried to reduce the dose to 5mg a few times but it didn’t work. Sometimes if I’ve been drinking I need to take more than 7.5mg to help me get to sleep. I take the tablets at night. It must be working because I have been stable and had no bad episodes since starting it apart from when I’m very stressed. I hold down a job and have my own apartment. Sometimes I even think I might be happy. It does blunt your emotions though and I have not had a relationship since starting the medication.
176003241,"I’m really quiet myself, especially because I find it awkward to try to start conversations, even with people I know really well."
176003242,yea i remember growing up when i was younger that everyone use to make fun of people on welfare atleast in my generation… but the distinction i think is that welfare is kinda like people leeching off the government and making peoples taxes go up or workers getting cheaper paychecks… the disability income is in my mind something that someone cant help… like as in the welfare people dont want to work or are too lazy whereas disabled people can not work due to disability… which is why the welfare concept is where people get the negative connotation because it is thought of as welfare being more or less a distinction of them contributing to the problem… does that make any sense?
176003243,"Hey, how are you now?"
176003244,Relaying your symptoms and difficulties is the best way to do it. Drug seeking and manipulating things in an effort to get stimulants is risky and could get you in a lot of trouble.
174342496,"I have been taking 5mg Abilify for the last three weeks, switching from 10mg Zyprexa. I started hallucinating. I messaged my new pdoc if he would up the Abilify. His nurse messaged me back saying he was uncomfortable adjusting my meds as I’m not established. She suggested I try my PCP. He called in 10mg Abilify, enough to last me until my July 13th appointment with my new pdoc. Hopefully 10mg will take care of the problem."
176003245,Screenshot_20200426-221256_1720×1228 64.6 KB Screenshot_20200426-221846_1720×1224 62.9 KB I am below average in speed. This is due to my OCD.
174342492,"We upped the dose of one of the antipsychotics, clozapine, from 300mg to 400 I hope it will work. I am desperate"
176003246,"I have a PRN sleep aid that I will be using tonight, and I managed to get through without naps."
176003247,I understand. You’re one of the lucky ones.
176003248,NHS is free thankfully.
176003249,"Yeah, maybe. But there are pros and cons, I’m sure."
176003250,"symptoms: looking for codes in speech/clang association, paranoia, symptoms of ‘hurt OCD’, extreme fatigue, extreme avolition and apathy, loss of contact with reality/general psychosis and confused/disorganized thinking occasional voices, intrusive thoughts/loud unctrollable thoughts, usually about paranoia related to hurt ocd, PTSD, ADHD symptoms, what would appear to be intense depression, though i laugh a lot to myself in a sort of insane way…so not depression? idk and others… Insight comes and goes. But my nurse and pdoc have it wrong about me…I dont need lifestyle changes. I need a medication that actually works. Current meds: Invega 100mg injection, rexulti 3mg, paxil 20mg, vyvanse 70mg, and modafinil 300 mg which is new and I may stop because it causes paranoia and being suspicious of others leading to a very bad, agitated mood. What do you do when your treatment resistant? APs Ive been on, Invega oral 3-12 mg and injection 100-234 mg Abilify oral 5-35 mg and injection 400mg Rexult
i 1 to 4 mg Olanzapine 10-25 mg It’s been four years and I fail to get anything out of my pdoc visits. I often leave wondering “whats the catch”? Meaning, what am I missing? What am I doing wrong? I’ve abused all the drugs over this time since getting the Dx. I didn’t realize it does damage to the brain more so in schizophrenics than normal people, due to the interactions (opposing effects) with antipsychotics. But I’m sober now. Though I’m suspicious of supplements messing with me such as CBD hemp oil or L-theanine, and kava kava. Also used kratom, that stuff really is just the asian version of bath salts. Stuff makes me insane. What med worked for you when none other would?"
176003251,"We are 1 in 100 That is a common illness really Yes we are in for vaccine before end of April It’s shocking under reporting I just complained to the BBC Like you said, you can’t even search for it"
176003252,Improves your negative symptoms but makes your personality a bit worse? (Not too much)
176003253,Tell your brother there are some people on here more successful then them
176003254,I wonder why the pain doctor doesn’t give her an extended release med? Seems like she wouldn’t have to take as much then.
176003255,"For your delusions, did you wake up one day and say, oh, this is faulty thinking, it is just a delusion. What caused you to question your delusion? How did you figure out it was a delusion? Did all of your delusions go away on the same day or was it over few days? Did your delusion go away counting from your first dosage or from your last adjustment to your meds?"
176003256,What kind of thoughts
176003257,Invega has not been sedating for me. I have Remeron for sleeping and antidepressant.
176003258,"I’m off meds today and testing _NAME_ water as a full treatment. Only taking a Centrum for vitamins and potassium and milk for electrolyes. My head pressure and symptoms are going down daily, but there’s a lot of psychotic garble I have to grind out. It’s going down daily. If I plateau, I’ll go back on meds. Because I’m not entirely functional right now."
176003259,"I went by myself this time, and it was easy. I usually go with my father…because of my huge fear of the dentist. I thought it was going to be an easy check up…but they had to do a easy procedure. A bone was partruding out of my gums. So the numbed that area, and the pulled it out. I’m proud of myself because I didn’t do nitrous oxide, and I didn’t do regular anastesia . I spelled anastesia, and partruding wrong though."
176003260,"I can’t wait to go school, It is 2 weeks from now. Taking yoga, beginning piano and a business tech class."
176003261,"Both, but there’s no such an option in the poll"
176003262,"Dont hurt yourself. It solves nothing and will leave you feeling more empty. Please take some deep breaths, and, if you can, take out your aggression on something that isnt yourself. We care, dont think your trauma defines you. It does not."
176003263,i used to get in bed with my parents something could have happened that made me grow up so weird. my dad was over sexed.
176003264,"Well…, That Narrows it Down… . …"
176003265,Whenever I did they all sounded like real people. Just whispering people sometimes. But last Time I heard them I identified them all as a 35-40 year old blonde woman. I don’t hear voices regularly though. Only in episodes.
176003266,LLOLL??? Really?!
176003267,"Hey now, don’t talk like that. You have value even if you can’t see it right now because you’re in a poor frame of mind."
176003269,What is the purpose of animals? What is their essence?
176003270,This is mu favourite drawing… IMAG0063(1).jpg 1836×3264 1.21 MB
176003271,Thank you. The meds help with sleep but my relation with my parents are the big problem.
176003272,well I would stop if I knew exactly what I was doing wrong
176003273,It fixes it so I have zero paranoia and delusions.
176003274,I’ve been up an hour. It’s 7:45am now. Didn’t sleep that great cause I woke up with really bad leg cramps.
176003275,"Take a ‘whoa pill’ there, Daze. You’re being cryptic again…rubbing people the wrong way…take a lighter approach and you’ll find more doors opening up for you."
176003276,i tried to take my life before
176003277,"I think its pure quackery, based too much on his own kinks and shames."
176003278,As far as she knows she might have covid-19.
174342502,I sometimes think that expressions of gender roles vary widely across species…For example do I believe that Slamons are fish on which the unlucky males lay the eggs also…The alpha males are born with a lower bite but the roam the see freely…The other males lay eggs with the females…I think that sometimes during the course fo develoment into males the female brain still has control…Maybe similar to schizophrenia… But ultimately what i found interesting about this species is that th elwoer bite doesnt hurt fish in water because of a complex relationship called surviving of the fittest…Because the ocean is so huge…it doesnt hurt to have a lower bite…I think that the females living in mountainous areas…are the alpha females relying on humans gods and stars to get in contact with prey up there…
176003279,I lost my job when I was on the ward. ???? you. I was almost murdered when I was 22. Go to hell.
176003280,"My voices have never wanted me to be on this forum, and, as a result, I feel like I’m being sinful every time I go on the forum. But I go on it because the voices make me feel so awful that I want to connect with people."
176003281,zyprexa or seroquel if u like calming effekt. Zyprexa has injection but almost none from the forum on that.
176003282,Thanks for your care. Im gonna rest now and drink some water.
176003283,Yes! I thought this only happened to me.
176003284,Its not due to the meds. That’s wrong. I stopped meds for a year before getting a worse and dangerous psychosis and I still had negative and cognitive symptoms during that year. They are part of the disease. I only tried weed when I was on meds and it caused psychosis.
176003285,"Yeah this is something new. You’re never paranoid _AT_MENTION_ . If the paranoia continues, talk to your doctor. You may need a medication adjustment."
176003286,"I just feel like I have no privacy, they know everything about me (why wouldn’t they, it’s my brain)."
176003287,Congrats on getting back into running I think you should take a day off between runs so maybe just run 3 days a week until you get your fitness back
176003288,It’s not something I’ve pressed on her yet
176003289,I think they do it proudly :))
176003290,_AT_MENTION_ How has the rest of your day been going?
176003291,I think I only took it once in 2015. Just gave me a head high feeling that night.
176003292,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I will check that out.
176003293,"I’m trying to figure out optimonster, my website says coming soon which i set up but now i cant seem to view my website, and i want to stream my shows 24/7 on there and upload videos and sell stuff"
176003294,No. It’s very much public. That’s how we get more members.
176003295,Anyone? (15chars)
176003296,"I felt she doesn’t belong there. Maybe I am crazy, idk."
176003297,"Forgot to post my PC specs lol Ryzen 1800X 4.1Ghz 1.4v| Arctic Freezer 33 eSports | ASRock X370 Fatal1ty Professional | GSkill 2x8Gb 3200Mhz _PHONE_NO_ 1.35v B-die | ASUS STRIX OC RTX 2080 Ti 2130Mhz Core 2020Mhz MEM | Samsung 970 EVO Plus NVMe M.2 1Tb + 850 EVO 1Tb mSata | Seasonic Prime 1200W Gold | LG 27UL600 4K 60Hz HDR400 HDCP 2.2 FreeSync 27"" | Razer Viper 16000DPI | Cooler Master HAF X Case 2x200mm 2x230mm 1x140mm LED fans | Creative SXFI AMP + Sennheiser HD700"
174342499,"Me too, since having schizophrenia. You have sz/sza?"
176003298,I’m surprised I’m awake to be annoyed by anything. Disappointed at my mind.
176003299,You have specifically asked us to give you attention as recently as yesterday
176003300,Apathetic mainly
176003301,"I’ve visited shamans lamas.tcm practitioners ,all super beneficial But there just is something they don’t understand about the way I process things… I wish there were more education on illnesses in the spiritual community… People should be more integraltheory…"
176003302,Sorry that this happened to you. I hope you feel better soon.
176003303,"If it’s ok for me to ask, what mg are you taking? I tried Latuda and it didn’t work for me, but I think it was a low dose"
176003304,It made me lack interest in others.
176003305,"I no longer know what to believe. Nothing feels real, everyone might be dead. Maybe that’s why I’m so drawn to ghost stories, they show the world precisely as I see it."
174342507,I think the strength of your body can help in fighting positives and your resiliency to them. If you don’t do anything you can get in a rut in your thinking. Maybe it could bring on positives too. I don’t exercise much but if I’m just sitting there then I don’t have the strength to be up and my mood lowers. AD helps.
176003306,_NAME_ your coffee maker is dead
176003307,_PERSON_ Wise singing in Twin Peaks -- mares eat oats and does eat oats and little...
176003308,"I used to sleep a lot after I got out of the psych ward in 2008. I was taking 20mg Zyprexa, Cymbalta, and another one I don’t remember. It got better after time went by."
176003309,I never had one to lose.
176003310,"Was having a normal day not many voices and even got out the house for a gp appointment its cold today then around 3.30 pm im sitting on the verandah happy as and mum says while looking over at the neighbours they’ve had the gas company change their gas three times this last week and look what there doing now, i didnt look i didnt want to be rude and my mind was else where assuming they were changing the gas but then i realise later that seems like alot (we dont have gas idk) and there doing it themselves this time, then enters the bad thought of “they are trying to blow up there house” so i shove it away and try to distract my self forgetting about it till after dinner im sitting in my room on the other side of the house then i hear a hissing sound immediately think gas then i can taste it and smell it and stand up and feel dizzy which has been happening lately so not a big deal on its own but im freaking out now ive shut my window and have my fan on trying to get rid of it too scared to lig
ht a smoke but also knowing full well this could be a delusion idk what to do i can still taste it and smell it but there is no hissing since i shut the window still no voices which is usually my main problem when im unwell. Any advice? Sorry for the long post."
176003311,"Thanks . I was really engrossed in doing something online . Is this connected to interoception in any way, or is there another name for it ?"
176003312,20201018_2009262448×3264 1.76 MB Cleaned my bathroom. Took a shower. Bought groceries.
174342505,"Ever since I got on APs and got diagnosed, I have been obsessed with energy drinks and cigarettes. I used to be healthy, I used to drink only 1 energy drink a day, and I never would touch a cigarette and was OCD about second hand smoke. I think Abilify and similar meds that cause restlessness or agitation or anxiety can do this. I coped by doing those things."
176003313,My best friend went 10 straight years with no friends. She and I met in a doctors office and hit it off right away. We’ve been friends for 5 years now. Just keep meeting people and being friendly like you are. Have you tried meetup.com ?
176003314,"My daughter took me to run some errands. She had to go get gas and asked if it was ok if I went with her. I said yes, not realizing she meant the gas station down the highway. She got on the highway and I asked her to turn off several times. She knows of my phobia of going highway speeds. But she refused. I totally freaked out. The only thing that saved me is that there was traffic control for most of the trip slowing us down."
176003315,Mine is definitely due to my sza
176003316,"i had a public defender. he was kinda cool as i was being released he sat back in his chair with his leather dress shoes propped up on the table, right in the middle of the court room like he was making himself at home. my case never went to trial or nothing , the judge was a good man, and threw out the charges before it got that far."
176003317,Thats what im thinking happened to me.
176003318,"Yes, but have you tried a dark web chat room?"
176003319,Yea they’re my favorite too.
176003320,"People who work without supervision are rare and wonderful, I think your bosses probably appreciate that you are mature and reliable."
176003321,I used to it’s been like a year
176003322,I am in your game party.
176003323,Do you have a smartphone?
176003324,"For me, I’m sure I am depressed. No antidepressant has ever worked for me though. I know it’s temporary, it just sucks to be in it."
176003325,Thanks! _PHONE_NO_
174342508,A whole range of medication including clozapine which I don’t like! Take ten in total and think i’m over medicated…
176003326,also I wonder what year it was…
176003327,No problem
176003328,Should I leave?
176003329,"Ok, i can do this… But I should do this instead of raising my ap, which will only dull me more?and ill never be fine so dulled…its a dilemma here But I cant live without emotions and without even be able to think… I am already on 10 mgs of zyp. So endure my anxieties? Thanks also for trying to help me…"
176003330,You know where I’m at _AT_MENTION_
176003331,"I havent any plans but i’d like to at least, eat something nutritious, stay hydrated and go for a walk."
176003332,why dont you want to get tested?
176003333,"True heavy episode, when I lose insight, and I’m lost. Doesn’t help, I forget all my tools. That being said, CBT has changed my life. It has helped me reframe my initial thoughts when I do start to get symptoms, reducing how bad it feels, reducing stress, and thus alleviation of minor symptomatic distress. I use it daily. Peace of mind was worth the cost. Mine are $40 a visit, and I’ve been going to therapy once a month for a few years. For me it was worth it, it’s given me skills to make my life better."
176003334,I wish you well _AT_MENTION_ !
176003335,My cats turned into angel spies
176003336,"I care only to the extent that I’m able to get the meds I need. Heavy duty APs isn’t typical treatment for borderline personality disorder, which is the backup Dx that always gets thrown around. So if they dropped the sz Dx and tried to get me to be sane with just therapy and maybe antidepressants, I would be very scared and angry. But as an adult I don’t really fit any of the criteria for BPD, though I did as a teenager (but most teenagers do imo). So hopefully that’s never a problem."
176003337,Also I’ve asked for a referral to occupational health she can’t go against their advise.
176003338,"My family is the only ones whoever loved me. And now I have just my two sisters. As you get older you get to do fun stuff like make an “advance directive”, some forms filed with your doctor about who should make medical decisions for you if you are so incapacitated that you can’t make them for yourself. Like if you are in a coma or can’t feed yourself or talk or breathe on your own."
176003339,I like red grapes Blueberries are very healthy and keep you regular I always have apples in to snack on
176003340,I don’t mean anything lol tea helps me when I’m feeling down
176003341,I swear you made this exact post like 5 times dude …
176003342,What is the point of either if we live inside of some sort of simulation? Broken down to nothing but code in the end.
176003343,"You said this the last time as well. What’s your problem? If I was looking for confirmation I wouldn’t be saying thank you after every time someone tries to rationalize it for me. I just need a lot of reassurance. That’s all I’m looking for help with, is rationalizing it. I think you need to stop pushing that I’m looking for confirmation, your mixed up."
176003344,"Dont worry about it, they wont do anything. My advice; go on disability and pay rent. They wont bother you."
176003345,Also true on the family level. The bathroom isn’t always available - a concern that comes especially with old age…lol
176003346,Even just on the porch is good. Ah well. Hope things get better.
176003347,I should explain. My cousin _NAME_ used to be addicted to cocaine.
176003348,Oh wow thank you that’s very resourceful!
176003349,"Well, that’s good for you. Not all men approach women the same way or the same methods."
174342514,Some people would rather live on welfare if they could and having a diagnosis of schizophrenia would help in this regard.
174342519,"Hi _NAME_, Welcome to the forum. I also work. I am an analyst for a marketing company. Glad to hear you have done well despite the odds being stacked against you health wise."
176003350,The pill that puts me to sleep is amitriptyline
176003351,"I quit Invega. I was fine for 6 months, then began havinh symptons again. You do not get permanent cures from antipsychotics. Also: Welcome. If you find yourself in need of help, just tag a moderator. Type the @ symbol, then our names _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_, and _AT_MENTION_ Enjoy your stay with us!"
176003352,Where’s the option for “I don’t believe in hell so all my afterlife voices experiences have been about ‘heaven’”
176003353,"I like it, swearing spices up a sentence and makes expressing oneself easier Saying jeez or jenkins or heck when smashing my shin off a coffee table just doesn’t cut it"
176003354,I need a lot of structure I think. I do well with repetition. My life is very structured and it helps me. I get stressed easily and don’t do well with stress.
176003355,All religions trumpet life after death. Even fictional horror stories suggest a kind of afterlife. So I wouldn’t give your voices too much credit. But you already knew that.
176003356,"Yes he is. He works for a small company that is professional and decent and has a good reputation. I did a course there before. He is certified, has a license. And i “know” him a little bit, as a very gentle person, from the shop. Thanks for asking!"
176003357,Mines in the shop. A couple sails got ripped and needed to be sewed up.
176003358,I was on 7.5 mg and I felt off on it?I know it’s a baby dose although that wording may be bad. It was half a pill
176003359,"Hmm…, _NAME_?. (Linkin Park). & _NAME_?. (Red Hot Chili Peppers). I.N.T.E.R.E.S.T.I.N.G Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
176003360,Do you have dementia?
174342523,Unbelievabley bad for this schizophrenic
174342524,Four years ago I was off my meds and I still had negative symptoms.
176003361,"Haven’t touched it in a long time and it’s not done, but I’m in the progress of making a trippy otherworldly clay landscape. Maybe I will work more on it today. 20200428_0953043264×2448 1.53 MB"
176003362,"I guess it comes down to what you believe about yourself, they might have all the knowledge but they dont have the experience so would never be able to make a 100% diagnosis, sometimes people can be between stages of illness i think different stages in recovery or the opposite, I guess if you are presenting as lucid and you have a high capacity then you could be considered in both camps (maybe) I am not a psychiatrist but you got to see it from their angle and put both sides in perspective their knowledge and what you know about yourself. I’ve been ill for ages and it was hard to consider my dr rediagnosing me and i am still not sure if it is correct but at the same time i question whether i am even that ill anymore and whether its just residual illness and meds related. I think i might just be anxious at best. My recent hospitalisation was like a spiritual emergency rather than a relapse although it was similar i was more terrifying but less symptoms, my symptoms seem to have reduced but the fee
lings attached were more intense. The only way i can describe it is by drawing a diagram, its basically a small box with its defences getting attacked from all around it and inside the box is powerful emotions that outwardly try to resist the attack, as the attack from outside gets more intense so does my defences. some how i managed to restore the balance and resist the attack, i I felt like war tbh only i was battling evil forces, i might have been a little delusional but it wasn’t near as bad as before only more intense emotionally and spiritually."
176003363,"The scientists are right. Schizophrenia is completely related to dopamine. It started off for me as being in a state of crisis. As you know dopamine is a reward chemical, I am pretty sure if everything running through your mind is not ok, and you find absolutely none of your thoughts rewarding, your brain basically gets backed up with the stuff, and you will start to feel dreadful, and the opposite of the feeling of achievement. I honest don’t think this makes you hallucinate though. It is just you feel so unimaginably bad and your reality gets so hard to take, that at some point you kind of break it to find a way of coping. If you are not admitting to reality at this point, you start to form delusions and hallucinations. And… at this point you are in psychosis. To me the dsm is pretty flawed, psychosis and schizophrenia are not two different diseases. The only difference is when you get told your reality is not real, you will either find comfort from this or find it too hard to take and go fur
ther down the rabbit hole. The definition between the two is very wishy washy, and different symptoms between the definitions could easily be explained by comorbid illnesses. And that gets me to my next point. A lot of people think the reason people end up like this is genetics, but I think that is very marginally true. I think the people that stopped being able to cope often have underlying problems that led them to stop having the ability to cope. For me this was autism. When I left school, I got dumped into college and a room full of strangers and got told to get to know everyone and since I was undiagnosed at the time, it was basically a nightmare waiting to happen. When you are a kid, life is so easy, you have basically no responsibilities and people judging you is not something you give a second thought to. Now I have turned into an adult and there was actual expectations of me, it was all too much to handle. I had started drug using, mostly as a way to fill my unfulfillment, but once the novelty wore o
ff, going back to reality was even harder than it would have been without them. I turned 18, had a severe car accident and bang! A few seconds after the crash I started hearing voices. I think abuse plays a massive part. People are quick to judge in any setting, and if you are suffering, people can often be selfish and have little sympathy. For me they were more concerned with how disappointed they were with me not talking a lot than how bad I was feeling at the time. I have coping mechanisms for it now, but everyone knows how verbal confrontation can make you feel. Over a decade later, I really pulled my life together a lot, even in the hopeless state I was in. I stopped believing my voices were real. It actually happened very fast, it was kind of a realisation moment, and when I realised that, I went from hearing them back to back for years straight to in about a week, absolutely nothing. Although it was a massive relief, I was basically back to square one, and not being able to cope anymore. But… this ti
me it was too late. I knew my reality was not real, and I couldn’t believe in those things anymore, even if I wanted to. So I worked and worked on myself, and actually got to a place where I was finally more comfortable with myself. It pretty much hit me at this point that I was autistic. So I got a diagnosis, made massive strides, and eventually came off medication without a problem. And now here I am, writing this to you, hoping it could give anyone some insight into why they experience things that, are impossible, but still believe it. Well, I hope you can make a recovery. I hope you can find why you became unstable like I did, and whatever happens, I wish you the best."
176003364,"Definitely true. It’s obvious that if you eat heaps of sugar you’ll probably gain weight. That’s what the actiononsugar.org link you posted says and is the general consensus. But to blame the whole obesity epidemic on sugar alone seems a little simplistic to me. What about the increased use of weight gain promoting antidepressants and antipsychotics? Antidepressants are very commonly prescribed. What about computers and phones making us less active than we were? There’s probably heaps of things happening together (genetics, gut bacteria, antibiotics etc etc)- some we don’t even know about yet. I just don’t like it when people demonise whole essential food groups."
176003365,I mean won’t need meds
176003366,Yes I heard about how bad those _PERSON_ phones are. Good you got one you like.
176003367,I understand what you are saying but that route is not for me. I know I will mess it up.
176003368,"No I can still move, it just makes me fall asleep."
176003369,"sorry _AT_MENTION_ I can’t relate to that, my mother is a highly abusive sociopath who has done so much emotional & psychological damage. I’m in my mid 40’s so I don’t have to have anything to do with her & she’s finally stopped stalking me. I’m just trying to establish some meaningful & supportive friendships instead of family. It’s hard to regulate my emotions & form healthy attachments in those friendships but on the whole it’s worth it, they’re nice people."
176003370,I’m in denial. It’s a river in Egypt.
176003371,"I also have mystic powers, lol"
176003372,I say four my wife says seven. I think it was only four. That’s inpatient. I have been outpatient a few times too. Don’t want to go back. Not a good experience. The first hospital stay made me worse intentionally.
174342520,I use clozapine to make me sleep. For me it’s stronger than seroquel.
174342525,"I’m living with that sensation. I know how real it feels. Brain inflammation is causing it, by causing chronic anxiety which stimulates adrenaline production, which is getting oxidized into the psychedelic compound adrenochrome, and not clearing out fast enough, so you end up exhibiting the metaphysical schizophrenia symptoms like the feeling of being watched, and hearing / seeing hallucinations. The only way “out” is reducing your brain inflammation to zero, via some combination of antipsychotics, supplementation, and anti-inflammatory diet, so you don’t form any more adrenochrome and stop having those metaphysical experiences. That effectively “shuts out” the annoying dimension causing you all that trouble."
176003373,Mine was seeing what I can only describe as a goblin or orc as I walked up to my front door. It was walking down my driveway and it looked straight out of The _PERSON_ of the _PERSON_.
176003374,That’s a really popular calorie counting app. But it just seemed too complicated for me. I just wanted a no frills app.
176003375,"i always say there is even a time for jealousy. when they beat you down and tell you to eat it for instance. when everyone else has a great life and you are suffering so much it is a struggle to be alive. when there is no justice to any of it. just my opinion. hugs, _NAME_"
176003376,"they call it Down syndrome, because of _NAME_ Down. the guy who laid it out, or made it clear."
176003377,"I struggle with taking bath, drives me crazy, I want to but it always seems like a choir, good for you!"
176003378,"WOw, sorry yo went through all that. I hope you feel better."
174342530,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ i will wait to see what they say but i am 100% sure and positvie there will be an assessment as there was the past two times (but those times my dx was schizophrenia)
176003379,I have many different types of delusions try grounding techniques to get out of the delusions try not to feed into these delusions or it will make your psychosis worse
174342522,"Thank you guys for your replies. Now, I can ride a E-motorcycle. I try applying for a driving licence next year."
174342532,"I’m wondering if exercise and diet have an influence on positive symptoms, have you tried exercise as a supplement treatment with medication?"
176003380,They’re getting better. My psych doc asked me how my perphenazine is going home. They’re helping . How are you feeling antidep?
176003381,Seinfeld gang are my favourites too of course I’m a Seinfeld fan. I love them. _NAME_ is a favourite female actor. She is magnificent.
176003382,"Yeah, I get those too. I get them while awake if I’m stressed to the point where even if I close my eyes, I am still seeing them. The only thing to do then is just sleep it off."
176003383,I feel you bro. I know how you and _PERSON_ feel.
176003384,"I spent New Year’s Eve sober. I just drank mineral water and a cup of tea. It’s very nice not to have a hangover, I’m off for a hike today."
176003385,"Today I finally came out of my first segment of seasonal depression. It snowed a lot, and I got out and shoveled so the Stars can all get home from work safely. Our driveway is steep, so getting down is pretty easy, but getting back up is a challenge in the winter. It sucked not being able to use the snowblower, but Mr. Star used up all the gas this morning. And hey, I got a decent workout in! I ate a strawberry, goat cheese, almond, and spinach salad for fuel, and it gave me loads of energy!"
176003387,Sometimes they go to air shows. Years ago I saw them fly in formation as there were 4 there. Shame Shoreham Airshow will never happen again
176003388,"Welcome, I joined a few months ago.It’s a good forum."
176003389,Ok so you know more than my psychitrist
176003390,Today my counselor at day treatment confirmed that I’m sounding better and even wrote down the name of this supplement. He says I seem to be interacting better than I have in months.
176003391,There’s loads of course work to do between assingements and they sens you coursework book.
176003392,"Yas! What is tall when it is young, but short when it is old?"
176003393,I get it every now and then; it’s annoying.
176003394,"The Irish News – 28 Apr 21 Digital avatar therapy could be ‘game changer' for psychosis, say researchers A trial of the technology has been taking place in Scotland, led by the University of Glasgow."
176003395,"Mine was normal until I was dx and put on psych meds. I’m not saying that caused diabetes, but I could have had the gene.for it, and it came earlier than it might have."
176003396,"UK coronavirus news LIVE: Prime Minister _NAME_ self-isolating after testing positive for Covid-19 Johns Hopkins Coronavirus Resource Center Johns Hopkins Coronavirus Resource Center Johns Hopkins experts in global public health, infectious disease, and emergency preparedness have been at the forefront of the international response to COVID-19."
176003397,_NAME_. _PERSON_. Neighbors make noise. It is what they do. It is annoying as ???? but you gotta live with it unless it happens during quiet hours.
176003398,"It reminds me of how Lion Tamers make it work by being in the cage and/or arena first. Physically I’d best them, lol… but they always have there ways of getting to me."
174342538,I’ve done desktop/laptop versions. I don’t have a smartphone.
176003399,I’m on 5mg but feel I should be on more but I physically can’t cope with the side effects of sedation any higher than what it is on 5mg so I just deal with my symptoms! I run on fumes and caffeine to look after my little boy
176003400,where will you post it?
176003401,"Hey, how are you _AT_MENTION_ ? Did you manage to call someone and get out? How do you feel? You might want to pray for some strength? Im praying with/for you. God says you can cast all your anxieties on Him, because He cares for you. So do we, in a human way, but we on this forum want to be there for you."
176003402,"Way to go, _AT_MENTION_ ! Wahoo! What an accomplishment!! Cheers to you!"
176003403,"Amen sister, amen"
176003404,"_AT_MENTION_ that sounds like justifiable homicide, for sure"
176003405,Smoothies are filling and healthy. Yougurt with granola and berries. Cinnamon toast. Banana.
176003406,Sounds like anxiety to me but not enough information
176003407,"This sounds quite nice. I hope you can find an artist who can express herself/himself, and get yourself a nice tattoo. I myself would start with a sleeve. serveimjage.jpeg 750×750 67.7 KB It resonates with me deeply, since I spent a lot of time in forests when I was growing up - surrounded with old tales and legends."
176003408,"Thanks, guess I’ll believe it now too"
176003409,Probably insects crawling all over me where I can see and feel them.
176003410,Great just talk to ejuice company i going send it back to them okay. everything is going to be okay. Thank you spiderpig i didnt think of that solution. I feel better now.
176003411,"There was a month or so before meds that I though I was a ghost, and that everything was connected by some spiritual way. It was wonderful and terrible at the same time."
176003412,"I’m sorry they’re brushing off your concerns like that. I mean, I guess I sort of get it. When I’ve got a lot of paranoia and start worrying about things that aren’t a real threat, it is a good idea to try not to worry about it so much. But that doesn’t really make it any easier to actually accomplish."
176003413,I think it’s still psychosis even with little conviction. Just my opinion.
176003414,"You mean me, or people in general?"
176003415,Sometimes headaches can do that
176003416,Is mine a delusion too
176003417,dark chocolate diet Pepsi dry beans dip (for chips) dryer sheets
176003418,"Im feeling really frustrated lately, just with life and all the things I should be doing but am not, so I made an instrumental to reflect that. Hope you like"
176003419,I super overestimated the amount of blue frosting I would need and underestimated orange. I wound up with a lot leftover. Be on the lookout for more blue cupcakes lol.
176003420,"Off topic, but do you have any degree or training in physics and math? Are you self-taught? Have you ever considered that your ideas and theories are wrong? Thank You."
176003421,I pull my hair out literally to soothe myself
174342542,"alert.psychnews.org Exposure to Mother’s Heightened Immune Response in Womb May Increase... Exposure to a mother’s heightened immune response early in pregnancy may increase an individual’s risk of developing schizophrenia, sugge..."
176003422,I’m exhausted from the stress to day. This whole dog thing being terrified of everything It’s like having a lil bitty baby and he’s huge! I already took a seroquel and going to take another. I’m so nervous I don’t know what to do
176003423,I mainly rely on the meds to make it subside but it doesn’t always help…I am learning to try and rationalize and tell myself it isn’t real.
176003424,I never claimed to know what I’m doing.
176003425,No wonder you’re such a true gentleman. I swear there’s a connect or something of that nature. Personally I still did it while feeling watched by enemies. That was sad. Luckily I was trying Risperdal at the time and for me I wasn’t active.
176003426,Hey man. You did really well either way. I know if I had just moved to another country I would crave nicotine. Thanks for your support
176003427,I was using my ‘good’ brain.
176003428,Brilliant !
176003429,_NAME_ : Low and Ziggy Stardust Black Sabbath: Paranoid The _NAME_ Jonestown Massacre: Thank god for mental illness and _PERSON_.
176003430,_AT_MENTION_ That’s real!
174342540,"Been taking it for years, agree it’s useless for positive symptoms. Helps with my negatives and provides a mild cognitive boost. Managed to relapse while taking sarcosine, but not my regular AP."
176003431,I just got the same email!
176003432,Congratulations and be careful.as you know australian snakes are deadly as hell.
176003433,"My parents would come to visit me almost every day - honestly it was the best part of the day when the nurses told me I had visitors Also, my brother, grandparents and uncle all visited occasionally They used to bring me home cooked food and snacks to keep me going whilst I was there"
176003434,everybody that helps take care of you.
174342545,I’m sorry that you’re going through this. Maybe you can ask your psychiatrist for advice on what to do. In the meantime hang in there _AT_MENTION_ .
176003435,Good luck! I hope you get it. How did you manage such cheap rent? Are you in low income housing?
174342552,Stress brings on Psychosis in Sz. Might as well forget it _AT_MENTION_. It’s something she’s going to have to find out for herself when she goes off her meds. I found the “High Intelligence” thing a little insulting frankly. I used to score high on intelligence tests myself.
176003436,"I use Ativan when things are to much for me, maybe once a month"
174342543,"MY pdoc was able to find me a med that is covered by my insurance, and most likely won’t give me fatigue. It’s a fairly new med, as far as I understood. She wrote me a note with how to take it, and how to taper off of Latuda while slowly increasing the dose of Sycrest until I’m at 10mg, which is the therapeutic dose. Does anyone have any experience with this med? She said “This medicine is for people who have a life and would like to keep it that way. People who have jobs to attend to, and don’t want to be held back by fatigue”"
176003437,Is there a good clubhouse near you?
176003438,"_AT_MENTION_ I think science, logic, and medication, therapy, and time will help you. It helped me. It took time. Maybe do some sudoku or math problems to help work the other side of your very philosophical brain."
176003439,"I often feel like I’m either the smartest man in the room or the most delusional one here. My gut tells me I’m smarter than most but the reality is much much different. It’s sad. It’s like the sky turned purple or orange that’s how my life turned upside down. Occams razor, I guess. Sometimes, it’s gotta be the aliens driving me insane, I guess. Nobody believes in them or how evil or good they can be. Same with man, I guess."
176003440,And there’s always the rooms of AA.
176003441,That looks peaceful!!
176003442,"We have a little bookstore in our local library where I used to volunteer selling books. I would set up at the desk and do my own stuff—read, write, go on the internet—until I needed to help someone. Usually there would only be one or two people at a time in the store. It was very slow paced, and the library was nice and quiet, I liked that job a lot."
176003443,"Yes, Sikh. Sikhs philosophize over “duality”, the constant conflict between those two spheres. Part of the doctrine teaches people how to modulate the two for effective living."
176003444,Interesting _AT_MENTION_ I would never have thought of that. Will give it a shot this evening when it’s cooler. Thanks!
176003445,_AT_MENTION_ i think my situation worse than that because i always looking people behavior. And if people negative behavior change after i came place i suspect that i cause this and it s hurting.
174342549,"Yea people know nothing about schizophrenia, on Youtube some made jokes and some said rape causes schizophrenia which isn’t true. Some even said schizophrenics worship the devil and are homosexual. Screenshot_20200530-2126531440×2960 680 KB Interview: Catatonic Schizophrenic"
176003446,I already decided I’m not gonna take my meds tbh
176003447,I’m vegetarian too and loving it! I eat mostly vegan
176003448,"Lol, it was better than Christmas."
176003449,I don’t see any reason we can’t have it here. We can only take drugs that are approved by our national medical board.
176003450,https://www.clinical-partners.co.uk/for-adults/autism-and-aspergers/adult-autism-test
176003451,"it is destuving and confusing me, but not controling,"
176003452,"Im glad youre safe _AT_MENTION_ . 5 hours is a long time. There is no need to apologize, and were all just glad youre ok. Do you have a plan on what to do next?"
176003453,"I have had a few Taco Bell nacho platters like _AT_MENTION_. I personally love the hot nacho cheese they put on them, I can’t really replicate that at home. For home cooking I’ve been making grilled ham and cheese and dipping them in tomato soup. I also have some frozen dinners. I also got a bag of salad with some Italian dressing that I’ve been working on."
174342559,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov The effect of insights on medication adherence in patients with schizophrenia. _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Perspectives in psychiatric care , Jun 2019 19 This study was conducted to identify the effect of insights on medication adherence in patients with schizophrenia.This is a cross-sectional study conducted between June 2017 and June 2018 in the Elazig Mental Health and Diseases Hospital. The sample of the study was determined as 300 patients with schizophrenia with the power analysis. Descriptive Characteristics Form, Birchwood Insight Scale, and Morisky Medication Adherence Scale were used to collect the data. In the analysis of data, percentage, arithmetic mean, independent samples t test, the _PERSON_ test, analysis of variance, regression analysis, and post hoc-Tukey tests were used.Approximately 69% of the patients had a moderate level of medication adherence and moderate insight. There was a statistically positive strong correlation between the insights and medication adherence 
of the patients (P?"
176003454,Bewitched? 15151
174342557,"_AT_MENTION_ I would guess that you think deep down inside that you think that you are not well. Others don’t think you are well either, so you guess that they would say that you are going mad. You fear that you are losing your mind and the idea that you’ll be more than a schizophrenic could be your interpretation of how you see yourself. How do you see yourself? Does the “more than” imply a grandiose self delusion that sz is making you feel? or simpler how you see sz and think there is more to life than just being ill? It would depend on your state of mind."
176003455,"Have you once thought “I know I’ll do this thing to screw people over.”? No. Have you always done your best to mitigate the hell that sz puts you and your family through? Yes. Honey, there’s nothing good that comes from holding onto these negative thoughts. They don’t make sense and the guilt is just heavy. Just let it go, set it down. You’ve always done your best so there’s no going back now to change things."
174342554,"Personally, I’ve grown to like my solitude, which is fortunate, because I do not have the economic wherewithal to be in a relationship. I can see how you would want a relationship, since you have kids. You’re probably hungry for adult companionship. You might think about accepting one of the men who are interested in you. It might be more fortuitous than you think."
176003456,My motto as a janitor engraved into the rock wall that surrounds my house in 8 inch letters: “No rug goes un-vacuumed.”
176003457,"My Grandfather was a Crossword Puzzle Designer. When he died, they buried him 6-down and 3-across! (Thank you! I’m here all week! Try the fish!!)"
176003458,This is kinda funny–all the misspellings of ouija board. My favorite is right at the end of the video clip: “Where do I obtain a wedgie board? Do I have to make my own wedgie or can I buy one from a witch or vegan?” Curse of The Weggy Board
176003459,I’m thrown(executive functioning?). I have microwave potatoes that need to go in the microwave for 7.5 minutes and veg that need to go in it for 2.5 minutes. If I put the potatoes in first and then the veg when there’s 2.5 minutes to go that will be added weight which affects the cooking time for both. I’m flummoxed as to how to get round this one. Posted here as EF difficulties are all too common with ASD and with severe mental illness .
176003460,I’ve been on meds since my first hospitalization when I was 24. I am 76 now.
176003462,Congratulations _AT_MENTION_ . I am also find a vehicle allowance to site visit as same amount equal to my salary in this month.
176003463,_AT_MENTION_ they diagnosed me via genetic testing. My variants are still not well-known so it’s just a general type right now. It’s just the beginning. _AT_MENTION_ yeah it’s a bit similar to EDS but just a different category of genetic diseases!
176003464,"Religion trigger warning. My voices have never told me this, but it is something that has occurred to me. I have never seen much evidence that God is as loving as some people claim. Or maybe he picks favorites, I don’t know. But with the world being as hard and cold as it is, and my own life being what it is, sometimes I’m afraid that God is cruel and mocking. That I’m his plaything eternally, and he can torture me and judge me and challenge me, not just for the rest of my life, but forever."
176003465,IMG_20210131_0755042154×1575 384 KB
176003466,Good fellas pepperoni pizza is great
176003467,"You could, or you could get your big ass out of bed, and go grab life by the balls! You can do it _USER_ID_. What province do you live in? Me Ontario"
176003468,On the ward I was going to phone the police for the same reasons. The staff on the ward physically stopped me because I was making a mistake I think a lot of sz folk can experience this. Don’t phone the police man - that is your illness talking
174342563,There is Rexulti other than Vraylar as partial dopamine agonists. I think someone here posted that Caplyta is a partial dopamine agonist too.
176003469,"That was your forum anniversary wishes, your cakeday. Did you have a birthday too?"
174342565,I used to power lift when I was younger (and in defiance of my cardiologist). It made no difference.
176003470,"But my psychosis thinking about it now has been driven by my difficulties with other people. I am not blaming anyone as it’s my own issue, but I can link my psychotic episodes to the extreme stress and anxiety I have been put under by being unable to live properly in this world."
176003471,It’s 11.2 ounces with 1/4 a bottle left. I didn’t drink much. IDK if it’s safe.
176003472,Walked my brothers dogs. Had a dip. Did pump at home.
174342556,Not by choice but no one wants a schizophrenic guy who lives on disability
176003473,I look at my breasts.
176003474,Has anyone had low sugar shaking with amyloban? Just started feeling little shaky which feels like lower than normal sugar level. My sugar is usually 100 _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
176003475,quit the smoking and start dieting… not good comming from me probably as i smoke too… but 30 smokes a day is a lot.
176003476,"I get so scared on this forum, my watcher watches me while I am on the forum too. It is so scary TO BE _NAME_"
176003477,I dropped out of college and went to work when I was 19. I eventually moved out of my mom’s house and lived on my own for 8 years until the SzA hit me when I was 30. I was unable to do my former job and moved back in with my mom.
176003478,I’m a total cat person. I almost always have a cat. My current kitty is 17 and a half years old. He’s a ginger tiger _NAME_. His name is _USER_ID_.
176003479,Oh yea forgot about the sped up voices that come in streams sometimes. I mean in the past all of this
176003480,thank you. i done as suggested.
176003482,"They say if you hold your farts in, they travel up your spine to your brain, and that’s where shitty ideas come from."
176003483,"I think for me nobody can tell and ain’t frecking telling any new people anymore, harsh lesson but well learn’t.Only close friends and family know and that’s the way it is staying tbh"
176003484,"As just that, crazy coincidences, it is your brain attributing unnecessary relevance to what is actually something unrelated or of low importance to you. I thought music was sending me coded messages and once I was medicated I realized how general the lyrics were and how they could be interpreted that way only by taking the rest of the lyrics out of context. Try paying attention to the full TV story, paying attention to the details only is why you are getting confused."
174342566,I go through that. You just have to keep trying. She told me at least 3 videos a day. Eventually I laugh.
176003485,"So tell me a little about where you live, who you live with, who had to help you with your day to day living situation, whether or not you work, if so how much you earn, and or how long you’ve been off work. That will give me a better idea of whether or not you have a chance at disability."
176003486,"Hey, I need your feedback about this picture of me. I posted it on Tinder… I have very little success… At the beginning on _PERSON_, i had some “likes”. I’m trying humor on my presentation text… Near Paris, I have very little success but in _NAME_, it works well. (??) Sorry if I look egocentric… That’s not the goal. I had dates with women once or twice but not since ! Sometimes, i feel good looking, sometimes i feel ugly. P1130275petit700×1052 710 KB"
176003487,_PERSON_ heard that the max amount for ssi was like 780 but they don’t always give the full amount? Why not? Really need it so I could get me a place any tips?
176003488,"Can be closed, double post."
174342569,"I am taking Trevicta. When I was using Xeplion before I drank several cups of coffee and green tea per day as well lemon balm and I had a relapse. Then my psychiatrist put me on Clozapine too and I did not feel well drinking coffee any more, probably because coffee augments in about 50% the plasmatic concentration of clozapine and causes too much sedation and side effects. Now I do not take Clozapine again but I am somehow afraid to drink coffee again for the two reasons I explained above and specially because I can not be addicted to caffeine if clozapine is prescribed again in future. I would like to know if there is any relation between relapses and the consumption of other substances, beverages or foods, in particular dark chocolate, green tea and coffee. What are your experiences and opinions?"
174342564,"I have sza, had voices, depression, and mania. In my opinion it’s more to deal with even though they say “the prognosis is better”"
176003489,"I have my share of bad days with some depression. But what keeps me going is that I have occasional periods of breakthrough happiness. I feel happy maybe one or two days a week for at least a few hours. Then I am able to tell myself that maybe life could always be happy. I am trying in a few ways to make my life happy, by praying, reading, and finding time for friends and family. My efforts matter, but also I must wait. I keep waiting, patiently."
176003490,Difficult patient???
174342570,"I feel that a lot of the time we have to remind ourselves to ‘be normal’. I am also schizophrenic, yet I was put on this medication before I even had my first episode. That was 11 years ago. I think if we take time to pause — whether that’s on the PC or elsewhere and think what we’re typing to make sure it all makes sense. At times my mind has transitioned into fantasy, so this is something to watch. I cannot help but think that the effect the drugs have on the brain could be making a bad situation worse. Yet other times I wonder what I’d be like without them. It depends really, in the developing world many recover and live fulfilling lives. I feel much better now and always make sure to eat all the vegetables on my plate at dinner, eating healthily is important. I also think we need to have goals in life — being lost in the trap of unemployment is not good for anyone and I’m hoping if I can learn some more skills then I’ll be more employable."
176003491,Sound like trauma let meme I steal from tumblr explain how I feel
176003492,"Thanks man, I appreciate it"
176003493,Only psychosis disorder NOS
174342561,Abilify takes 2 weeks to reach a steady state in your body. It may take even longer to see an effect. Keep with it.
176003494,I don’t know what’s going on but many people want you subject even Christians.
174342562,"if yes, which one is more effective?"
176003495,"Delusion: Nothing happened yet. No one contacted me. But when I felt contacted it was through my head. No one arrested me. If they were to get me, why wait? Reality: I did questionable things like I wrote a paper where I thought I was possessed by an angel and said I would “be there” and then went to my school. Maybe they just wait? To get people? Maybe they don’t contact people? But why wouldn’t they? Remote neural monitoring. They contacted me through my head. But isn’t that just a conspiracy theory? Thanks _AT_MENTION_ for this idea. This helps! I see now I don’t have much to worry about but I still feel cautious."
176003496,What is the subject matter?
176003498,Congratulations. I kinda figured you’d be able to do it knowing you as much as I do.
176003499,Thank you honey. It is hard. I have to keep telling myself that if I want to keep it off I have to go slow. How are you doing?
176003500,How many miserable marriages are there?
174342568,i accepted it mostly now but not completely… i still have my struggles with it
176003501,Thankyou!
176003502,"The height of the bullying I was subjected to occurred 45-50 years . I’ve never totally gotten over it. What hasn’t helped over the years has been a psychiatric system more interested in finding fault with you for responding badly on account of the stress, than showing compassion and helping you to cope better. Sadly that is par for the course . The psychiatric team I’m under now is the 1st one not to treat me like I’m awkward,demanding,troublesome- a general nuisance ."
176003503,Definitely better with other people!
176003504,"Today I was thinking, did you try invega?"
176003505,"Yeah I used to get those all the time. Demons saying they were going to take me to hell when I died and make me a whore there, one of the devil’s “daughters”. It was deeply distressing to me."
176003506,They say my torture is so infinite that God can’t comprehend
176003507,Hey folks. I changed avatar but still good ol’ jimbob
176003508,"My voices said that too, but I know what you mean"
174342579,"I texted my pdoc, and I told him that instead of all these meds, i wanna try clozapine."
176003509,I personally would think marijuana would be worse for schizophrenics.
176003510,"I don’t use hardware mixers. I have an intel i7 _AT_MENTION_.4ghz with 8g RAM. I have an audio interface, midi keyboard and a condenser mic + decent headphones and of course… powered nearfield monitor speakers. I meant the mixers inside my digital audio workstation software, which in my case is a Propellerheads Reason 10.4. - anyway, glad you got something out of my track."
174342574,"I stopped nightclubs and bars long time ago, too many dumb ppl fighting over girls. There is drugs on top of that. I left all my bad friends who made fights there, too much trouble. One of my friends broke a bottle and glasses on the head of someone, the police and ambulance came. The guy was bleeding but I left my friends alone, went back home and never spoke to them again. I would rather meet my love in university. I had many female friends, some were interested in me and had my phone number. Schizophrenia hit me at 20 y.o. and I stopped university"
174342577,I get a stonking headache if I forget to take abilify. Which means I never forget
176003511,Do you have a family history? Did you get diabetes because of meds?
176003512,"I mailed a sample to the Lab…everything came back fine. If you are in your 50’s, ask your Doctor to send you the test kit. It’s simple to do, and it could save your life."
176003513,"I have more success in my life now, because I have my friends, but they keep giving me the run a round. I also go to drum lessons once a week so that makes my feel more successful. That gives me more structure as well. I also have a good relationship with my drum teacher. He understands my diagnoses and he seems to accept me."
174342572,"Never been told I was “too eloquent” but been told I don’t look like a schizophrenic. When people start hearing my ramble about my thoughts or actually see my day to day struggles in life, they change their tune."
176003514,_AT_MENTION_ . I’m sorry. I didn’t mean you should. I just thought it was stressing you out and I wanted you to know if it was upsetting you that you could close it.
176003515,R&D in Deep learning
176003516,Yeah maybe I’ll do this more often _AT_MENTION_ Thanks
176003517,What BPM do you want I’ll make you a beat
174342581,"I have a pacemaker with a battery that lasts years. It’s large enough to be noticeable and believe me, you’ll have scars after they’ve put one in. I just had mine changed at the end of June and the surgery site still pings and aches some. There’s no internally rechargable tech at this time. I have a friend on an LVAD because his heart is shot (he’s on a transplant list) and even the batteries for that recharge in an external, special recharger. What you’re talking about doesn’t exist except in your mind."
176003518,I’m having second thoughts over getting vaccinated. My father received the Covid vaccine last Saturday and his health has declined ever since.
176003519,"Degeneration of muscles, stiffness, joint pain, atrophy, heart problems generally."
176003520,"Maybe the things You want the most, Are the things your subconscious Decided you’d better not have."
176003521,"Hmm… Your brain is actually quite busy while you sleep , sorting and storing information from the day. One thing that helps me get to sleep is sleep focusing exercises. Like how to focus on one body part at a time, to let your brain know, you’re winding down and are ready for sleep. There is an app for that too. They help you focus on shutting down. It’s relaxing and helps you focus on winding down."
176003522,This post will easily trigger paranoia in others. Please put a trigger warning if you’re going to talk about this stuff.
176003523,Last time i heard that quote was in _NAME_ of the Dead
176003524,You shouldn’t feel guilty about your problems. I think vicious dishonest people try to make things worse for people.
176003525,"i decided to have some fajitas to cheer me up, it was expensive but it was very tasty, idk what i’m going to do about my shopping though as i need to get food, its just really hard when i’m off food atm i dont want to eat hardly anything, whats the point buying food if i dont eat it?"
176003526,You aren’t whining. Nobody thinks you are X
174342578,Not me. On any med… If you’re getting it on abilify and invega maybe try a different med. That’s all you can do.
174342583,I take omega but stopped for a while. I’m going to start taking it after this article and many others backing up the claim it helps with schizophrenia. How is the nicotine free life treating you?
176003527,2 posts were merged into an existing topic: Hypochondriac
176003528,"seems like at first when i stopped taking them i felt terrible physically and mentally for about a week, then after that i felt like things were starting to get back to normal. now i dont feel bad physically but im losing my ????, i thought it was over because i was doing good and at first i was thinking maybe it was something else like caffeine but now that i think about it that doesnt make much sense because even on the days i didnt have any i still felt like ????. its like i am getting angry and agitated and having outbursts about things that normally would not phase me, constantly feeling like a ticking bomb, i thought i was in the clear because i was doing ok for like a few weeks but now i dont know whats happening"
176003529,I’ve been asking myself the same thing for nearly 15 years unfortunately. What brought this thought on for you?
176003530,China upped their mask creation by 100 million a day. Soon the market will be flooded with cheap masks.
176003531,Thats why I went on meds again as I discovered that the psychiatrists were right and I have sz.
176003532,Do you hear voice all those time but you didn’t take med until 40?
176003533,By died meaning ended up in a very horrific car accident only got a scratch on my pinky. No suicide attempt ever.
176003534,"I colored my hair, trimmed my beard _PERSON_ I took a long shower, moisturized my body, did a sheet mask, scrubbed my feet. Painted my nails, now I’m gonna pluck my eyebrows."
176003535,"You won’t take the oral meds and you know it. You just have to force yourself to go. Maybe you can call and see if they’ll make an exception for you, but if they can’t, you just have to force yourself to the clinic."
176003536,I’m sorry you’re having a tough day. Can you watch a comedy or do an activity to get your mind off things?
174342575,Lumateperone is not available here. My psy is avoiding anything Abilify related because I developped multiple addictions from Abilify. He said Rexulti is similar to Abilify and has similar side effects.
176003537,Congratulations! Awesome!
176003538,My anxiety/crying was fine on clobazam 20mg. But i started sleeping all day after some time of taking it. So we reduced clobazam from 20 to 15mg. And the sleepiness has gone away but I’m feeling like anxious/crying now. Pdoc declined to stop clobazam. I was thinking maybe we can add low dose of clonazepam(klonopin) to my current benzo ?
176003539,"I don’t mean to be rude when I don’t reply to posts. I’m not trying to make others feel sorry for me. To avoid confusion, I will not be posting for a while. I’ll reply to comments instead. Sorry for being a weird person. I’ll just listen to what other people have to say. Thanks. I’m a weird person. Sorry."
174342585,"I don’t know why it’s still hiden, i tried to unhide several times! Sorry about that. I am a little less emotional. I don’t cry often nor for long if I do. Laughing, I haven’t noticed a change."
176003540,How do I become “careful”? I assume it hurts your liver?
176003541,We don’t even have any carbon monoxide detectors I don’t like that.
176003542,Glad you are staying. You would have been missed. Just do what is best for you.
176003543,I measured both times with the ruler pushed onto my base to push the fat out of the way and it was almost an inch smaller then before … so it can’t be the fat in the genital area that’s causing it because I push it out of the way I really hope what the urologist said was true and it can be treated/reversible
176003544,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ ! I’ll check it out!
176003545,I stood naked in front of the mirror yesterday and screamed I love you
176003546,"Break it down for me, is it about risk assessment?"
176003547,Age 17. Best year of my life
176003548,"People are instinctually wired for pair-bonding with one person, not multiple people. More partners doesn’t translate to more happiness, surprisingly enough."
176003549,"PubMed Central (PMC) Anhedonia to music and mu-opioids: Evidence from the administration of... Music’s universality and its ability to deeply affect emotions suggest an evolutionary origin. Previous investigators have found that naltrexone (NTX), a ?-opioid antagonist, may induce reversible anhedonia, attenuating both positive and ..."
176003550,Oh. Well I’ve already done that !
176003551,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176003552,Have you considered injections? It would help this problem you are having.
176003553,It’s not good for you and will lead to problems. Not many around here can smoke weed and function. It’s just the breaks. I see you struggling with function and it could very well be the reason why. You probably should stop and straighten out somewhat.
176003554,"LOL hahhaahah nah, thats a delusion, your funny, there not after you. Trust me."
176003555,_AT_MENTION_-Cotton …how are you doing now…are you out of the hospital…are you on meds…are you feeling well…i hope youre well…its been 3 months since you posted on this thread about your welfare…i hope youre well
176003556,so do you think the stress of working caused a relapse?
176003557,"Not that I know of. I was a heavy drinker, but I’ve been off that stuff for four years."
176003558,I completely understand. I have pepper spray even though it doesn’t really do anything.
176003559,_AT_MENTION_ Can we say you have a “longing” heart instead of empty? You’re more than your depression.
174342589,"Yeah, maybe we are a bit of autistic too lol…Here in my country, you have right away the diagnosis of sz if you are severe, never an autism dx… Yeah, ok… my sz is very severe too… idk, severe autism is very bad too… But push, _USER_ID_, push… why you dont go out? If you have no fears? It’s boring to you? Or you cant move? Sorry again if I am a bit hard… me, I curse my paranoia lately too…"
176003560,"That alone should have at least 1000 calories, I used to eat it nearly daily along with 2 burgers and coke, so 2000 calories likely."
174342592,"Maybe try and get a publisher and some sponsors? I haven’t read your book (I don’t really like reading), but maybe that would boost sales."
176003561,"Yeah. Online I’m rather talkative, but when it comes to real life my brain goes blank often and I usually just sit in a corner and stare at the wall."
176003562,sciencedirect.com Schizophrenia: a classic battle ground of nature versus nurture debate Much has been learned about the etiology and pathogenesis of schizophrenia since the term was first used by _NAME_ over a century ago to descr…
174342590,"That’s kind of messed up. My understanding of borderline is limited, but from what I’ve gathered, there aren’t really any meds for it available. Most of the borderlines I’ve met were in and out of hospitals. So, if I’ve understood it correctly, men are told “you have problems, here’s pills that will help”, and women are being told “you have problems, have some therapy or something idk”"
174342596,but no one has sz here
176003563,Ofcourse you haven’t. You’re right.
176003564,"I used to hear loads of kids hallucinations having a good time, laughing and squealing about at the pool. N other stuff."
176003565,"I enjoy being alone, but theres times when I just need human contact of any kind and I bug all my friends and promise to smoke them out and stuff just so I don’t have to be by myself. So yeah I get it. Hang in there, it passes, at least for me it did."
176003566,"in ways cant a child develop nice caring characteristics if they are parental in a sense, you know they could assume responsibilities way beyond their age, such as caring for a sick mother"
176003567,I think its a great medication. Been on it for over 13 years. Great for insomnia and anxiety. It suits me very well .
176003568,"pretty sure my prodromal phase lasted about 6 years, same exact age frame as yours (well, maybe from age 19-25). But yeah, I had similar symptoms as you, too."
176003569,"I take abilify, and it is the best medicine for me. Everybody is different, so you might get side effects."
174342594,_PERSON_ I just found it odd it made this man gay lol
176003570,I was motivated to walk to the east coast from Iowa to get to Mecca but I don’t think I had mania…just motivation. I got picked up by the police about halfway to the east coast.
174342599,"I’m on Abilify and the only side effect I’ve experienced is early morning awakening. I actually wish I could sleep more. I started meds when I was 16, too, and the times when I refused meds were always worse than the times I took them."
176003571,"Merry Christmas!, And A Happy New Year!.—> _AT_MENTION_!. _PERSON_, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
176003572,do you mean months worth of meds yes.
176003573,"73 servings bcaa expired 04/2020, is still good to consume, i heard it just loses its potency, should i consume it. is it poisonous now."
176003574,"But what if it’s actually ture, like the 1% of the time that it is, then it’s their fault for driving you to insanity."
176003575,_NAME_ on the _PERSON_
176003576,I see I dont want to hurt anyone
176003577,My doctor took me off Wellbutrin because it was triggering my psychosis.
176003578,"You deserve to live. Everything living deserves to live. You are a child of the universe, and you are sacred in the eyes of God."
176003579,I was like that when I was off meds or low dosage. Increase your med dosage?
176003580,Welcome aboard _AT_MENTION_ !
174342600,"Lately, for the past 3 months or so I’ve showered every 7 to 10 days and yes I’ve smelled ripe. The summer months have been especially bad as I have begun to smell seriously sour. I have a skin problem that flakes a lot in spots and that’s quite itchy and gross. And then there’s the dirty grease and skin flake mix that builds up on your skin which is extremely gross. Finally I get to the point where I can’t stand it anymore and I go take a shower and feel great, for a day. What is the cause of all this filthiness? Negative symptoms. Mine have been really acting up lately. I’ve been bed ridden mostly and just not motivated to do anything other than eat and sleep. I’ve even waited to the last minute to go to the bathroom with dire consequences. I can thank negative symptoms for that too. About two weeks ago my psychiatrist put me on a new med to give me a lift and I found an article on this site that said taking vitamin B12 and Folic Acid can help with negative symptoms. I have to say I
’m feeling better. I think I’ll shower tomorrow."
176003581,I’ve cut off about half my family. I don’t miss them and I don’t feel bad. We have enough problems without toxic people.
176003582,Last time i had like This i puked.
176003583,"I don’t believe in “those above me”. Again, offensive. But I said I was done so…"
174342605,"Lately I’ve been finding myself more paranoid than usual. My thoughts are louder, and I find myself getting lost in them. It’s getting difficult to control, some days. Mainly in the presence of others, or public. It seems to get worst of all, on the bus. I always get the fear of thought broadcasting, and conspiracy-type thoughts. It’s been making work harder for me. Having to talk to and look people in the eyes. I always get the worst thoughts about what people are thinking, especially my boss. My brain likes to convince me that my co-workers talk about me when I’m not there. They all think I’m weird, and are trying to figure out what’s wrong with me. Such fun stuff… It’s not real, I know. I’m so afraid to lose that insight, one day. I really haven’t been sleeping much, lately. Also, my diet has been quite a mess, as I attempt to figure out and balance my hypoglycemia. These things can may be contributing. I will also be trying to get with a doc, soon, as it’s been a while. Wh
at I’m looking for, is if anyone has advice, coping skills or exercises, to help manage this, in the meantime. I currently find meditation, breathing, and just taking things slowly, thoughtfully, and logically seem to help me. Also, getting enough sleep and making sure I’m at home, by evening. That is the time my brain starts to decline, and it just goes down steadily, from there. I should mention, I have not been diagnosed with schizophrenia. It has only been tossed around. My diagnosis is Borderline Personality Disorder, Anxiety, Depression, with Psychosis. Any advice you may have is welcome. Thanks"
176003584,"Lately i have been bored cause of winter, and i just began to fill the boredom with beer. Im rarely drunk, but im tired of the constant craving for alcohol. It doesn’t affect my symptoms, but i want to investigate life without alcohol, and start antabuse tomorrow. I havent got the stamina to stop without the aid of antabuse. Im worried and excited for what my new, sober lifestyle brings."
176003585,You are so nice. Thank you very much. Have a wonderful day.
176003586,My country is finito im stuck here with the rest of drugos and gamblers.sometimes i think im not the only one sick.society is sick in general.west sydney is full of drug dealers.
176003587,"Are you asking me to return evil with good. How heavily are you prescribed at this point? I used to love the devils advocate, and tyranny of the majority, until they stopped using lubrication … _PERSON_. And maid a point of promoting it. Out of the many you are suppreme on my court, chick faliette. KFC of Praise. Have you scene our fine horses or unbrideled spirit yet? We call him _PERSON_ now after the cop fathers and Uncle, _NAME_."
176003588,"I already had a 20 oz _NAME_ coke and a small bag of Doritos. I don’t keep junk food in the house, but I like to get it when I have to road trip somewhere."
176003589,My voices are internal. The difference between these voices and my thoughts is that the voices are not my own thoughts - they are not my own but _PERSON_’s
174342598,I have psychosis. I’m feeling gradual improvement in my symptoms so I believe by end of Autumn I’ll be ready to start working part time. Really excited about this.
176003590,It’s not Depression But it’s better Than releasing The truth So I can’t Let go of What pounds On my chest from The inside Excruciating Can’t breathe But it’s not Depression Shadows that Look so sinister Feel like They are crawling Into my eyes Worming into My brain Changing me But it’s not Depression Silent voices Chattering Into the back of My skull Fear that they May be right And I grasp onto What little of me Remains But it’s not Depression It’s not It’s so much more
176003591,Some of these ‘fat burning’ pills people take are bad news
176003592,"lol, protein the real thing. I never had earth worms before people actually eat that."
174342604,It might be worth it to try again
174342601,Not since I changed the time of day that I take abilify. Do you find L-theanine helps with that? It did for me. Like I said it helped me tolerate the anxiety/distress/akathisia that abilify used to give me.
176003593,I just uploaded part of the show to a competition called 60 sec radio maybe i have a chance
174342608,Sometimes I just sit and daydream about a couple flat tires. What kind of sharp knife cut it? Who was pissed at them.
176003594,"I have been on Zyprexa since March 13. I am down 35 pounds since starting it. Have been staying under 1400 calories and tracking my food on Sparkpeople.com to make sure I am in my nutrition ranges every day. I had previously lost 51 pounds from my max weight, on Haldol, but I was just maintaining that loss for about two years before starting Zyprexa. I was stuck at the same weight (268), but not doing very much to change it. When I started Zyprexa, I decided to battle the potential weight gain, so I have been losing again. I’m at 233 now and my long-term goal is 175. That will be 144 pounds lost. Then I am going to switch to a maintenance program on Sparkpeople to make sure I keep the weight off! This is my LAST time I will be in the 200s! _AT_MENTION_ That is an AWESOME victory! I can’t wait to be under 200!"
176003595,I’m too anxious to do that
176003596,Yes I am out of meds soon.
174342602,"11 to 12 hours, clozaril makes me very tired"
176003597,Yay! Welcome home. How are you feeling?
176003598,"To keep you from making enough money to live on. Constant interference, constantly trying to destroy your psyche with their petty, trivial bs. Then forcing medication that only makes you more disabled. You can barely walk around the Mall. Then after nearly destroying you, expect you to take some slave-type job. I think they’d really just like to shoot you, but human rights groups might get after them."
176003599,“WTF?? I just wanted to go to Walmart for the half price prunes!!”
174342611,"Well, Chess24, a lot of people are probably going to call this a delusion. There seems to be no ‘scientific’ evidence of electromagnetic radiation causing schizophrenia symptoms. To some people, it will probably smack of belief in telepathy. However, even if it is a delusion, I don’t see it as a very harmful delusion. Looking at Amazon makes me think that people sport these EMF hats all of the time. It certainly seems to beat scaring the crap out of people by going around with a homemade aluminum hat. I hope it works out for you."
176003600,im on abilif its good but can cause gambling problems
176003601,It sure worked alright for _NAME_.
176003602,"I closed it but if you need to talk about it still, my PMs are open."
176003603,From where you got the idea that camera implanted in you?
176003604,"Yes I’m very paranoid of everyone, anyone could be a serial killer, or a spy, or a human trafficker, or government agent watching me or black ops soldiers from other countries undercover. When I see a happy family walking out on my street I assume they are under cover, no family is actually that happy."
174342606,"Have you ever thought that maybe Clozaril could help you? What if you don’t have schizophrenia but some other rare disorder? I mean you must have some very high dopamine or something…They even have disorders where high dopamine doesn’t cause the exact same symptoms as schizophrenia. Maybe you’re having temporal lobe epilepsy or something? I’m not a doctor. Just thinking… You can have seizures without even knowing I think. I thought I was having seizures but found out I wasn’t and that most of my problems were from chronic migraines. They put me on a mood stabilizer called Topamax. My dissociation started going away, but I became real paranoid from the new memories. I’m still trying to heal and cope with them. Have you had blood tests for thyroid and other things? What about organic diseases? I don’t know. Maybe you just have a severe case of paranoid schizophrenia. Do your thoughts bother you? Mine don’t anymore after 8 years with this illness. I found the truth aka false enligh
tenment and it does scare me a bit. I rather not talk about what I think and believe in anymore."
176003605,So you went to a GP (basic doctor) as well and told them you were hearing voices and they said you didn’t need mental health services?!
176003606,My mom took a video on her phone but the voices show me stuff like movies some times. The video my mom took is completely diffent from what I remeber
176003607,Nice. To me it kinda has a morphing stone look to them.
176003608,Both are heroes of mine. Especially _PERSON_ because she is med compliant. I read her book and was impressed! I love hearing success stories about this disease!
176003609,I didn’t even buy a harp. I talked to my mom about the idea of harp.
176003610,If he don’t do cbt he is of no use
176003611,Lol. No idea.
176003612,Good on you for making it happen!
176003613,You see the best part about it is that the voices only act on your life and mostly your history. You can’t be accounted for the things you did in your childhood so they are just a contradiction of their illness because if the voices start at age 14 for most then what is there to shame about.
176003614,"2 and 3/4 month update: I couldn’t cut it with 3 mg Paliperidone and 1 mg Haldol. I was OK as long as I was inside, but as soon as I opened the windows and heard all the sounds and such, I was interacting with them with my mind, “thought broadcasting”. Upped my Paliperidone to 6 mg. Still taking the Amyloban 3399. Going to test the thought broadcasting again tomorrow. Voices are very well controlled on 6 mg Paliperidone, but I fear I’ll wake up late tomorrow. Before Amyloban 3399, I was hearing mumbles on 12 mg Paliperidone, but now it’s quiet on 6 mg, so that’s progress."
176003615,Yes i wont do it
176003616,Yes I tried almost every med under the sun but i still get fealings in my body and hear them
176003617,"Religion, sorry"
176003618,Avolition is a horrible fate.
176003619,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ ! You inspire me! Thanks for your encouragement! I struggle to find recipes. It’s really hard for me to follow them. _AT_MENTION_ Thanks!! I look forward to feeling better! _AT_MENTION_ I’ll check it out. Thanks! _AT_MENTION_ I definitely eat too much sugar. I’ll start there! Thanks! _AT_MENTION_ I haven’t “seen” you in such a LONG time! Congrats on losing 32! That’s a LOT!
176003620,"I don’t hate people, but too many cause ridiculous problems for people with their lying and evil things they do."
176003621,Ah i found it
176003622,"Just don’t give up…remember it is possible for you to get better!! I’ve learn from the older people on this site that you don’t know what’s going to happen in the future so something positive can happen, that can change your life."
176003623,I’m sorry you got laid off. I hope you find something better
176003624,I like being short. It means I don’t have to duck under doorways and my feet don’t hang out of the bed
176003625,Thank you ! I love him dearly. It just is as it is and was as it was but I am trying to have a good relationship with him now and to believe that he loves me and cares for me. He has been good to me lately. My mum actually said much worse things to me and broke my heart but it was different. I do love them both but have a strange relationship with them somehow. Anyway hope you are well. It’s 6am here but one positive is I slept well. I’m nice and warm under the blankets and I have some plans for today .
176003626,"Unfortunately all I can say is that time can be a healer if you let it be. I was blissfully unaware, and had no insight for a long time. It wasn’t until I started to actually engage in treatment that things got better Now I have been free of psychosis for two years, and it’s great. We discovered I had underlying issues like ASD and GAD, and now I am in treatment for those too. Just engage and try your best, that’s all anyone can do"
176003627,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176003628,"Hi, _AT_MENTION_. Please don’t feel bad, and definitely don’t purge. If you do, I’ll have to join you. I’ve binged all day. If you’ve seen what I’ve eaten today, you’d be shocked. And now for dinner, I’m eating bad junk again. What’s worse is that we have a family meal planned for tomorrow… at Texas Roadhouse! I always eat too much there, and I drink a giant frozen _NAME_ sangria to boot! So we can have a little “fell off the wagon” club that does NOT include purging or guilt, just gals hanging out and feeling too full."
176003630,ah it’s one of the reasons i try to avoid calling such mental health lines… i would be scared for something like this to happen.
176003631,"Oh ok, no I don’t doubt that it does. I will be mentioning it to my pdoc if/when risperidone fails on me"
176003632,"oh so it took 6 months to grow boobs. And nothing happened for the first month of taking antipsychotic, right ?"
176003633,I really need to admit that i´m not in the best enviroment to not take mushrooms. Everybody I know takes them and smokes pot. And I really liked them back then.
176003634,"But this doesnt guarantee an apartment yet, it just starts the process, but at least its started now."
176003635,"Try and stay calm and understand that this too shall pass. I know it’s not easy. Maybe self-study some stuff at home to take your mind off of it. When I get anxious or spaced out, I do something as simple as bouncing a ball to take my mind off things! No one hates you - that’s all in your head and is just a symptom."
176003636,Why would anyone want to fake this ????? It sucks.
176003637,I made a twice baked uncooked spaghetti.
176003638,"I am always acting in public, telling tid bits of information in the hope that someone will find me interesting, a bit like a twitter lecturer. I don’t mind it when I’m sane, people enjoy listening to me, but it never gets me anywhere with the ladies. They think I’m fake. The truth is, whether it is the Tao, the Clave or the Logos, I can’t control it, at least maybe I’m not ready to, and I just keep reflecting and studying. Everyone needs some sort of sexual relief from time to time, but I don’t like masturbating, it damages my pride. I’m not desperate, but I’m not a castrated dog/pig/cat either, at least I don’t want to be, though I’m happy to talk to animals. Anyone have any advice how I can continue acting and make love, or does love require you to be honest?"
176003639,What would you like?
176003640,They’re talking about a serial murder on television right now and I’m scared that they’re going to blame it on schizophrenics. I feel so attacked and I feel like people are here to get me and people are going to kill me. I don’t know i’m really upset
176003641,"I rememeber I had parkinsonism when I had the first episode of psychosis before taking ap. Today I found that Spontaneous Parkinsonism Is Associated With Cognitive Impairment. I don’t think I have a cognitive impairment. My memory is very bad. PubMed Central (PMC) Spontaneous Parkinsonism Is Associated With Cognitive Impairment in... There is now growing evidence that parkinsonism and other extrapyramidal signs are highly prevalent in patients with first-episode psychosis who have never been exposed to antipsychotic drugs. However, the neurocognitive correlates of parkinsonism in..."
176003642,A year and 8 months today since my last hospitalization. I intend to keep the streak going.
176003643,Hey guys I wanted to know what is the best way to spend days when you are by yourself. Like what do you think I should do. All I do is walk around and sometimes I’ll drink coffee. Invega _PERSON_ makes me soo bored
176003644,I’ve gained 50lbs since I started risperdal
176003645,I studied it for awhile but stuff like pointers and programming graphics I never got/got into.
176003646,Some people symptom shop. They want to be sicker than others for attention. I’d stop hanging around her.
174342615,?_USER_ID_? ?_USER_ID_? ????. Lol. Stopppppp. Don’t flag the flagging boy. I’m trying to help and we are trying to have a discussion if you don’t like it you don’t have to participate. Nobody is forcing you to ‘help’. Nobody here is on trial and everyone should have the freedom to not be censored. You. Are. Allowed. To. Be. Schizophrenic.
176003647,"I have bouts of plantar fasciitis. Nothing beats a good set of insoles for your shoes. Buy decent ones, not that Dr. _PERSON_ rubbish."
176003648,"LS! 1 Fast all day; just tea, coffee and forty dietary supplements 2 For exercise two times twenty minutes on my Concept2 rower; half an hour Vinyasa yoga 3 Read some in a book from _PERSON_"
174342609,You will have psychosis if you don’t sleep for a long time. My positive symptoms get worse when I don’t sleep for a long time.
176003649,What do you think the secret is to never give up. One way to never give up is just hang in there and wait for a better day or a better situation.
176003650,"SpringerLink Hyperfocus: the forgotten frontier of attention ‘Hyperfocus’ is a phenomenon that reflects one’s complete absorption in a task, to a point where a person appears to completely ignore or ‘tune out’ everything else. Hyperfocus is most often..."
176003651,"Yeah, I’ve been getting that error intermittently for the past couple of days."
176003652,"I was psychotic and he forced me to take the pills, I wanted him to know that they were really harmful"
176003654,ye i already listen to music but dont rly watch tv
174342616,"OK guys, I hear you. It’s too dangerous for a schizophrenic."
176003655,Isn’t that a good reason to stay so you have support?
176003656,My therapist told me to write these thoughts out so I can stop obsessing over them but one time I left my notebooks out and my cousin read it and showed it my Aunt which then caused a big fight and they called me psycho
176003657,"Eat fruits and vegetables or a small meal and wait, after 30 mins the hunger starts to get much lower."
176003658,"They’ve said I lack of insight.Its in my medical records. I’ve tried to understand that but I keep coming to thinking that they are out to get me. They are keeping secret folders on me, I mean my treatment team/NHS… I feel they’ve actually made me come out and say these things here tonight as I’ve been very discreet about these thoughts but somethings happened this morning as I feel they are tricking me so I talk about the conspiracy then they can keep me on the community treatment order again, I feel they are spying on me on here."
176003659,"I’d give it a go, at least once. My therapist is a little crunchy and I love her. She’s able to hear my out on some of my wildest symptoms and thoughts, and helps me process them. Her being a little crunchy was a route to be open minded about me. If you two don’t click after that, then by all means find someone else. Don’t be shy to scare the girl by being open about your symptoms. If she can’t handle it, then she needs to speak up. And please watch out for delusion encouragement. I’ve met some crunchy people who also believe I’m an angel. Wishing you well Mr. _PERSON_! I hope you can find what you’re searching for"
176003660,"Hard to believe, you got a drivers license."
176003661,What are you delusional about?
176003662,"I’d design my own shirt… Sz Lives Matter Oh, shut up! No, YOU shut up!!"
176003663,"_AT_MENTION_ Ok so update… I emailed my therapist and was like ok I feel like you’re telling me to go off my meds or not come back and he said no you misunderstood, the questions were just rhetorical. Does that seem like a good explanation?!"
176003664,Im going to start this is there anything to worry about?
176003665,"What on earth is this, buddy?"
176003666,"I had friends all through my childhood up to age 17. After that, zero friends when I became prodromal. I didn’t make a single friend until 20 years later when I turned 37. Now, I’m 61 and I have zero friends again."
176003667,"A large diet Coke is always good in the morning, noon or night."
176003668,"I’ve been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder, but I have no hallucinations. What does this mean?"
176003669,I did the bottle for 20 years. It nearly killed me 17 years ago.
176003670,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176003671,I will yes. I am pleased for him but sad he’s going
174342617,No my thoughts weren’t out to get him.
174342625,"I think it’s a spectrum and more or less is like an x and y graph where specific persons can be plotted on a graphs where they stand on terms of hallucinations, voices, delusions, and paranoia. To me those are the big symptoms of positive symptoms, in my case I never heard voices or hallucinated but I had delusions and thought music was sending me coded messages. In my scenario Invega stopped the delusions and coded messages although it doesn’t do anything for cognitive or negative symptoms. I have had alot of trouble with my attention and focus since being diagnosed, I don’t feel like this gets mentioned much."
176003672,"You should press reply on a person’s post instead of reply to the general thread, I almost missed the message."
176003673,You’re gping to be found when they close. You can’t stay there. You must walk out and go hone or get hospitalized. What if they close and you are stuck inside? You’re not thinking this through. _PERSON_ could get in troublefor tresspassing if you get locked in
176003674,You’re just saying that because you haven’t seen me wearing my pumps.
176003675,My executive functioning ability especially re organising and planning is far from good . Both ASD & schizophrenia can have a negative effect on EF. Multi-step tasks are difficult.
176003676,Lived in a fantasy world Avoided people Paranoid Voices attacking me Alien controlling my mind Panic attacks Severe depression Self harm Kind of going on now…the depression and self harm and mind controlling part
176003677,"I feel for you. People have recovered, I have read peoples revovery stories online. It’s just takes a while, anything you can find pleasure in to pass time?"
176003678,7F4C625D-366E-4734-A20E-61773FAD8183.jpeg 1633×2048 1.19 MB
176003679,Stay on your meds _AT_MENTION_!
176003680,Wow. You have a great pdoc! Mine doesn’t understand what I’m going through but she’s really nice to me. I told her about this site and she likes it
176003681,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ for being so supportive it means a lot!!
176003682,"sorry for mentioning religion, i just felt it was a relevent piece to my puzzle and my current state."
176003683,I had no confusion or cognitive symptoms from Benzatropine. Dr prescribed it for eyelid tremors and akathisia.
176003684,Think this is my best song yet
176003685,"I knew a girl a long time ago who would cover her mouth with a napkin as she ate. I guess I didn’t understand at the time. Personally my relationship with food is I get it over with as soon as I can. I’d drink my meals if I could bc drinking for some reason makes me feel “prettier” [Really.] So at least I know myself on this and one day I can add Carnation Instant Breakfasts to my mix. Are you clumsy at all though? Do you know how to hold silverware? I missed that day in school… and life experience. I feel your pain, basically."
176003686,"I like to watch a movie every now and then. But, it’s infrequent."
174342618,"Hey _AT_MENTION_ , Mr squirrel gave me the guidance I needed. I thought you lived in _NAME_…"
176003687,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_ . I’m really gonna miss her. She followed me like 17 years ago to my house and since then she been living with me. We were inseperable."
176003688,Is it ethical to accept your request?
176003689,"What I do is highlight what’s important in the book and then rewrite it in my own words. My mother thaught me this, I was bad before doing this."
176003690,Indeed. 34 is definitely not old. I’m 31 myself.
176003691,Guy on the left talking into radio… “It’s okay Chief…it’s just my Mom. She’s worried we’re all going to get struck by lightning and demanding we all go home immediately.”
176003692,im your stepping stone again. for a short while. you?re on your way back home again. as im stepping down. wait to watch you fall. then im going home. I?ve been followed by you. for just way to long. without you i?ll find rest. still I?ll never die. im goin sing. that same old song.
176003693,"If I ever have children I hope I can home school them. I did not get on well at school and I don’t think the state school environment is that good for children to experience, as difference is not accepted"
174342622,"This is the thing. You can’t fix this issue with a well worded argument. You need a physical remedy. First thing to try is a good antipsychotic. Clozapine usually does the trick for a fair portion of the takers. If that doesn’t fully help, I would suggest a keto diet. Psychology Today Chronic Schizophrenia Put Into Remission Without Medication New research suggests ketogenic diet may play a role in treating schizophrenia. I’m not saying stop meds, just find some balance between meds and diet. Dr. _NAME_ diet is a good keto diet, it cured her multiple sclerosis. Terrywahls.com/diet"
174342623,Coke or Pepsi? I’m Schizophrenic…Dr.Pepper all the way!
176003694,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176003695,"Because we are in unexpressed pain, we feel aggressive toward others. Some people take offense, some people sponge it up, some people understand."
176003696,Congratulations for getting so much done. Do you think you could go back to steady employment in that field?
176003697,Just trying to help.
176003698,"Well, I’m always suspicious of men, but I’ll make an exception because of the safety of the forum. Congratulations, _AT_MENTION_"
176003699,"Most of the people I know who are gay or bi were born that way, didn’t have a choice, just how they work. And nothing wrong with it."
176003700,I think _AT_MENTION_ 's doctor is probably right. If antidepressants helped negative symptoms then we’d certainly know about it.
176003701,"Sorry for the late reply. I have been on both extended and immediate release forms. Both had the exact same problem, except the hypotension from immediate release was even worse. I have been on 300mg Seroquel. I had hypotension on that drug. Every time I increased the dose, I would feel faint for a day or two. I found 50mg of Seroquel as sedating as 300mg. I fainted once and I had to go to the hospital a day after increasing to 300mg."
176003702,Hell yes hell can you share your story
176003703,You’re welcome
176003704,"Sometimes my mind gets caught up in something that has happened, like a line I spoke or someone else spoke, or a song, and it replays many times in my head involuntary. It is hard shaking it off. Anyone else have this?"
176003705,"I don’t know if I am doing this or not, but what I think you’re trying to say is I might be doing something wrong in how I talk to people and what the topic is. Suppose my mother has just got tired of talking to me. Still leaves me in the same position though"
176003706,"Yes, all Drs do yearly exams to update their medical knowledge."
176003707,My negative intrusive thought/voice says: “Pull yourself together and die.” My neutral “voice” says: “Svinehundene formerer sig i afsindige skarer.” Meaning something like: “The pigdogs breed in insane crowds.”
176003708,My job is to get well.
176003709,"Whole30 was amazing for me. It’s an elimination diet, so if you have any health issues it can really help you identify if any foods are contributing. But I lost 18 lbs in the 30 days last time I did it."
174342630,Brothers don’t have carbon copies of your genes. We are each unique and the environmental factors may have affected you differently.
176003710,Sorry what’s PCP?
176003711,They were lucky to have me.
174342628,I don’t know what I would be without schizophrenia because I had it before becoming an adult.
176003712,Compassion 1515
174342627,"Well I was sick of “being poisoned” by APs and wanted my sexuality back so I had a talk with my psychiatrist and she agreed. Then a nurse called me and said I can go cold turkey or taper. I chose taper. Over the course of 6 months I was tapering, i was on invega palmitate every 4 weeks, so it got changed to every 6 weeks, then moved to 2mg risperidone tablets every night and then 1mg. I started feeling weird on starting that 1mg tablet. At first I started getting panic attacks and confusion state. I didn’t think it was schizophrenia, I thought I was going to be fine. On 6th month I started being psychotic with certain time during the day. Slowly my delusions become stronger, I started to wander around the time. Flirt with people randomly. Talking with strangers and not counting my money. I started to lose track of time, voices started creeping on and I started to drink a lot of alcohol and quit my job randomly. My sister booked me a ticket and somehow managed to go back to my home country and 
was hospitalized instantly and got put back on the initial 75 invega dose."
176003713,"I miss my friends. And no, I don’t want to make friends anymore. I don’t want to make friends here. I know that they’ll reject me outright if they found out. My friends in Calgary were talking about going to see each other for Easter and all, and I can’t be there. What a waste of space I am. I hate myself with a passion."
176003714,"Thanks, wishing you all the best as well _AT_MENTION_"
176003715,i get like really sore shoulders… like everything is tensing up… it’s really painful when i get it. Is it like that?
176003716,Yeah also expect to get a bit of a sore arm for a couple of days. Nothing serious.
174342644,"I see. So now you have residual schizophrenia. No positives, but some negatives. Do you see a psychiatrist? What meds do you take?"
176003717,Both things sound stressful
176003718,"An update: I slept for almost 5 hours which is a good improvement but now I feel like my mind is intoxicated. I’m a bit loopy and my legs are twitching but it seems like it is from anxiety rather then a chemical issue but I can’t really tell. In fact, I’m trembling now a bit as a write this and am realizing how I actually feel, doped up. I took 1.5 mg thinking that was low cause I cut the pill in half. Then I come across literature regarding low dosage actually being around 1/5 a mg and up from there. I wish I didn’t take the melatonin. I could’ve slept 4 - 5 hours like this without the need to feel altered and scared. I have ptsd symptoms to the FEP so it’s hard to think straight about it. This drowsy feeling is reminding me too much of pot and scaring me. I was high during my FEP, a little more than a month ago. I’ve been up for 20 minutes and usually I would feel decent enough to already be making breakfast and getting my dog ready for a walk but I felt the need to come on here for 
cathartic solace. I know I can do those things I just want this “flash back” drowsiness to wear off. I’ll update this post later. It’s 5 AM here right now and the sun is coming up."
176003719,I have thought I was bisexual most of my life. I am married to a man and in my 30s. I am pretty sure I am a lesbian but havent found the courage to come out to people close to me.
176003720,I stayed near my apartment. The sun is going down. I’m just tired of not getting out for a while. How bout y’all?
176003721,I guess j shouldnt say all because j believe that j am an alien which has nothing to do with death. Or that the FBI is following me.
176003722,_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ thank you
176003723,Have you tried Geodon _AT_MENTION_?
176003724,"At one point, the bad voices were not happy with my fighting back, so when I was outside crossing a road at a cross walk in the middle of rush hour, once I was in the middle of the road, my calf muscles were sent into a massive cramp. I could not move. It was agonizing. But I did eventually get across the street. Then, when I was going to get some beer, the good voices insist that I do not purchase some beer. So when I was still in my apartment and was about to leave, they set the muscles that are supposed to relax as other muscles were contracting, meaning the normal process that occurs when one walks, they set the relaxed muscles into a complete cramp. That ripped the muscles so badly that I could not walk for a complete week. I was off my feet for that complete week. Even after that week had passed by, it was bloody damn painful to walk. Coincidence ?"
174342632,"I always have them, sometimes it’s better sometimes it’s worse"
176003725,"I think regardless of what kind of questions you want to ask her, You should go in with a list. I don’t usually go in with a lot of questions, I go in to listen. Tell them exactly what you are experiencing and hear what they think, see if it’s in line with what you think and go from there. My pdoc was talking sense straight away, so I knew he was the one for me. He wasn’t horribly aggressive with the medication, always asked for my input. Was pretty much what I wanted. I hope you get a similar experience today and find your pdoc match. You’ve got some time, so start writing about your symptoms and I’m sure some questions will start to flow. Good luck! I’m sure it’ll go well."
176003726,"Cyka blyat thats good! Haha thats all the russian I know but Im sure one day russian swears will come in handy I really like this, it has a march kinda vibe to it, like I could see it played at an old soviet military parade in red square. Theres so much variety to this and the chorus sounds are sick, I love it. Great job!"
176003727,I love _PERSON_ as well. “These pretzels are making me thirsty”
176003728,"I feel like I have a few things to do before I die, but once I do them I will die happily."
176003729,Truly thank you so much.
174342633,"Counseling Today – 22 Aug 14 What counselors need to know about schizophrenia - Counseling Today Counselors, as part of a multidisciplinary treatment team of helping professionals, can play a critical role in the lives of people diagnosed with schizophrenia."
176003730,"You gents inspired me to look up “poltergeist” on Wikipedia. (Hope that’s ok.) It’s the title of a favorite childhood movie of mine. And I get these feelings when I’m alone for days at a time at my house. Anyway did you know _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ got into an argument on the validity of these{}y""Noisy Spirits""? Apparently a bookcase made an explosive cracking sound when they were in the same room… and they each had different theories for it. Science by and large chalks it up to misinterpretation. In that a lot of poltergeist activity can actually be attributed to inaccurate perception of [natural phenomenon]. Seriously glad I looked this up though it’s a short article and was quite interesting."
176003731,I’m okay too. Bored though
176003732,"Conclusions taken from observations /experiments conducted on mice related to blocking an unimportant stimulus , They cannot be practically beneficial in relation to the complex problems that be created by interceptive functional activity of the sz pathogen (hallucination) for the cognitive signal path,specially after the final outcome is released from all cells of the receptor regions,and then create a whole mental concept (in the conscious mind state ) for the phenomenon that be called the idea/ message of the meaning This process causes the blocking for the sensory system signals outputs during the period time of the pathogen’s effect . This blocking is considered as a side effect of the pathogen’s activity It is impossible for any human being to direct the attention arrow towards any specific stimuli or neglect another during the period time of every functional process of the pathogen in the person’s conscious state add for that,the pathogen signals does not effect on the sensory percepti
on regions as a sensory stimuli , and does not work on the sensory signal inputs or outputs or even on the transmitters,and does not exist inside the cell ,rather, the pathogen has acts and behave as an independent emitter,transmitter and receptor and have the full ability to performing all the higher knowledge processes and releases the feelings and blocking any mental process"
176003733,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ what you said makes a lot of sense. Yes I’m a rapid cycler too. My pdoc picked that up about me after just one session.
176003734,It’s 4 am here. I’ve been up since 2 am.
176003735,My main delusion is trumanomatrix too
176003736,My room’s pretty empty. Usually clean it when I vacuum.
176003737,is abilify not working for you? You could always suggest xeplion to your pdoc… see what he/she says about it.
176003738,"What got me sent to a shrink to begin with was stealing an orange. But in a discussion with the pdoc about my mother having taken my _PERSON_ blanket from me, he justified stealing by saying maybe she didn’t know how much it meant to me. She did know because I had her send it to Girl Scout camp when I went off without it and missed it so. So the pdoc had made excuses for stealing and I never learned a damn thing from him."
176003739,"I have the Smok G Priv 2, its color touchscreen 230W."
176003740,"Don’t be afraid. apparently this medication is not right for you. if you can, call your doctor and see if you can get in earlier. I understand how bad the intrusive thoughts can be…try to stay calm"
176003741,You need to take an antipsychotic every day to “seperate with your ghost husband”
176003742,Bump. Vacuum Practice piano 15 minutes Make pizza for dinner
176003743,My mom died thirty years ago but my dad’s pretty good to me. When I was growing up I thought he didn’t love me though
176003744,"Problems in treating Sz as a genetic disease For example, the hallucination (sz’s pathogen itself) does not disappear for one minute by action of any medical drug ,while the disappearance is the only criterion for final cure from SZ The therapeutic theories are irrelevant in treatment the actual functional cause of sz If you do not know what the thing is (hallucinations) ,you cannot cure it ,and you will live your life in the hope that may be a drug can effect the hallucinations and creating the healing by absolute chance ! You can notice the discussions / questions that arise in the media ,you find that they revolve around the dose concentration and the effectiveness of the different drugs, waiting to a super- drug cure the sz forever by chance ! Experimental treatments that are not designed on proven scientific knowledge of the existential cause or the functional cause (hallucinations) that is supposed to effect medically"
176003745,I have a heart condition called wolf parkinson white syndrome. Not on any meds for it but I’m on a waiting list to get it fixed. Had it since birth but didn’t know until I had problems with it a couple years ago.
176003746,If I weren’t so uptight about it I’d have had time to learn the difference between a baby and a turkey. We are all in this together which means we are all responsible. It is up to us to be kind so we can learn and grow.
176003747,"NAC targets negative symptoms in schizo. PubMed Central (PMC) N-acetylcysteine in psychiatry: current therapeutic evidence and potential... There is an expanding field of research investigating the benefits of alternatives to current pharmacological therapies in psychiatry. N-acetylcysteine (NAC) is emerging as a useful agent in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Like many... Schizophrenia Dopaminergic abnormalities have historically been in the foreground as research targets for schizophrenia, although all other major neurotransmitter systems, including ?-aminobutyric acid, serotonin, acetylcholine, glutamate and noradrenaline have also been implicated.65 Increased dopaminergic metabolism in the striatum has been reported. This hyperdopaminergic state has been shown to inversely correlate with hypodopaminergia in the prefrontal cortex. These changes are believed to mediate alterations in executive function and many of the positive symptoms of the disorder. In populations with schizophrenia, d
ysfunction in glutamate metabolism and decreased glutamate levels in the pre-frontal cortex have been reported.68 The addition of cysteine has been shown to modulate glutamate levels through glutamate–cystine exchange, and GSH has been shown to modulate the binding of glutamate to N -methyl-d-aspartate receptors.69 N -acetylcysteine may be beneficial in the treatment of schizophrenia by targeting both oxidative stress and glutamatergic dysfunction, suggesting that the phenotype is a result of interactions of multiple neurotransmitter pathways70 that interact with oxidative and inflammatory systems, which are additionally implicated in the disorder. There is an expanding body of evidence suggesting oxidative stress occurs in individuals with schizophrenia, and there are links between oxidative stress symptom severity and diagnostic subtype.45,71–74 Whether the effects are synchronous with altered neurotransmission or the result of these abnormalities requires further research. Evidence for a role of oxidat
ive stress in populations with schizophrenia includes polymorphisms in key GSH pathway genes and altered levels of antioxidants (with correlations between levels and severity of symptoms).75 Oxidative stress may lead to changes in lipid membranes, mitochondrial dysfunction and alterations to DNA and proteins. In individuals with schizophrenia, it is believed that whereas there are few changes to neuronal cell bodies, connections and dendritic sprouting may be affected. This is one potential mechanism by which oxidative stress is involved in this disorder. Similarly, changes in mitochondrial function have been reported, and the link to energy generation may provide a clue to the underlying pathology of schizophrenia. Moreover, links between oxidative stress and neurotransmission in psychiatric illnesses are beginning to be identified. A large-scale study investigating NAC as an adjunctive therapy for schizophrenia has been conducted,42 which employed a 1000 mg, bi-daily regimen (compared with placebo) in addit
ion to existing medication over 6 months. In all, 140 participants took part in this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial. Of these, 60% completed the 6-month treatment trial. Improvements were seen in the negative symptoms, measured on the Positive and Negative Symptoms Scale. Furthermore, improvements in global function and improved abnormal movements, particularly akathisia, were also reported. These effect sizes were moderate, and improvements were lost 1 month after the discontinuation of treatment. This sample was considered treatment-refractory, with the average duration of illness being 12 years and more than 60% of participants medicated with clozapine. Given this, the outcomes of the addition of NAC are noteworthy. Gastrointestinal side effects were most commonly reported; however, the NAC and placebo groups did not differ statistically. These findings were further supported by qualitative analysis of participants’ data. In this report, using a novel methodology, qualitative analysis 
of patient reports and clinician observations was performed in a blinded manner, and the NAC and placebo groups were compared. Emerging themes showed that participants treated with NAC demonstrated improvements in insight, self-care, social interaction, motivation, volition, psychomotor stability and stabilization of mood.76 In a subset of the primary study, NAC appeared to modulate auditory sensory processing, measured using mismatch negativity, a marker of glutamatergic function and an endophenotype of psychosis. Compared with healthy controls, individuals with schizophrenia were shown to have reduced mismatch negativity at baseline. Following 8 weeks of NAC treatment (2000 mg/d), mismatch negativity was shown to improve significantly.12 A recent case report has also shown significant improvements in symptoms following 600 mg/day of NAC in a young woman with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, details of total length of treatment are not provided.43"
176003748,"ECT isn’t as bad as it is portrayed in the movies and tv. These days they sedate you. One of the biggest problems with ECT is memory loss, but it can really help with treatment resistant depression. I would personally like to give it a try."
176003749,When did you learn about killing and death. I took my 5 year old to see her godmother wake and funeral. She was well adjusted and I knew she could handle it. No psych problems.
176003750,"They stopped doing the music video channels on my TV free view, it really sucks big time!!"
176003751,"More than crazy, they make me kill myself."
176003752,"That’s kind of funny that you crave meats now. I’m sad it causes you pain, but as a story it is funny. For me it is the opposite. When I start craving meat I eat an Impossible burger and it goes away. Maybe it’s because you never chose this for yourself. As for _NAME_, I think he’s overrated. So many people worship him, and they can keep it up, but I’m not all that impressed."
176003753,"I’ve become old and bitter Life didn’t go my way, Except for where it did. Boo hoo."
176003754,The county mental health I go to doesn’t allow benzos for anyone
176003755,I’m left handed
176003756,"Yesterday he called me and He asked for forgiveness,he said that he loved me. What I didn’t know was that my sister wrote him and said him that she was going to report him for taking advantage of a person with a mental illness"
176003757,I currently live with my dad. I’ve tried living alone twice in the last 3 years and didn’t work out. Maybe I’ll try again in a couple.
176003758,It’s also called an Rf detector I’ve heard of another girl having the same paranoia or delusion and her dad bought her that and it helped
174342646,I try my best to be open about it but so far I only share with people I trust. Eventually I would love to get to a place where I can share my experiences and help destroy _USER_ID_. Unfortunately a lot of people will judge us regardless of how we present ourselves. So unfortunately there is a very real risk of discrimination and backlash. But I feel through open communication and education eventually we will be valued and respected by people.
176003759,We are not all like that.
176003760,I tried retaking it for TD about a month ago and it made me super nauseous oof
176003761,And now she’s gone?
176003762,"I do. It gives me muscle problems, like difficulty swallowing, so I take another medication to treat that."
176003763,"I’m able to volunteer on AP’s. I’m not able to do college level work, no."
176003764,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Autistic traits in psychotic disorders: prevalence, familial risk, and impact on social functioning. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Psychological medicine, Mar 2020 10 Prevalence estimates of autistic traits in individuals with psychotic disorders (PD) vary greatly and it is unclear whether individuals with a familial risk (FR) for psychosis have an increased propensity to display autistic traits. Furthermore, it is unknown whether the presence of comorbid autism traits disproportionally affects the cognitive and behavioral aspects of social functioning in PD.In total, 504 individuals with PD, 587 unaffected siblings with FR, and 337 typical comparison (TC) individuals (16-50 years) were included. Autistic and psychotic traits were measured with the Autism Spectrum Quotient (AQ) and the Community Assessment of Psychic Experiences (CAPE). Social cognition was assessed with the Picture Sequencing Task (PST) and social behavior with the Social Functioning Scale (
SFS).For PD 6.5% scored above AQ clinical cut-off (?32), 1.0% for FR, and 1.2% for TC. After accounting for age, sex, and IQ, the PD group showed significantly more autistic traits and alterations in social behavior and cognition, while FR and TC only displayed marginal differences. Within the PD group autistic traits were a robust predictor of social behavior and there were no interactions with positive psychotic symptoms.Levels of autistic traits are substantially elevated in PD and have a profoundly negative association with social functioning. In contrast, autistic traits above the clinical cut-off are not elevated in those with FR, and only marginally on a dimensional level. These findings warrant specific clinical guidelines for psychotic patients who present themselves with autistic comorbidity to help address their social needs."
176003765,"159565707811088650590150835748192448×2448 1.67 MB OOk. Ok. Ok. Ok mom. … I feel weird, weird, fk #( idk. This whole day has been weird ://// yes Ok"
176003766,Well…I did it! Specializing in professional English translation. It’s a four year BA degree. I can’t believe it!
176003767,"i got sleep paralysis just about every night when i was on olanzapine, i rarely get it now, i sum it up to anticholinergic and antihistamine effects causing this as i get it from benadryl too"
176003768,i’m doing ok yea =) i’m glad to hear you doing better on those meds!
176003769,"I just gone back on the rollups, wish i hadnt, coughing and aggravating my acid reflux. it was either drink or smoke - cos im in an offish bad mood lol."
174342648,"That’s what they tell me. I personally hate the term. I function great in some areas, and horribly in others. I think dividing people into high and low functioning only serves to divide us, and make the low functioning people feel like they can never get to high functioning levels. I used to be homeless, with no friends or family. With lots of medication and therapy, I now have a good life I like. I think anyone can recover to the levels I have if they keep trying and have access to the right resources. Unfortunately, most schizophrenics are given the bare minimum to make them shut up and then told to deal with all the side effects and breakthrough symptoms without support."
176003770,"I don’t want to say world wide, but definitely locally. But parts of my life sync with media a lot. So it is possible. Feels that way anyways."
174342649,"Well you are not out of options with second generation atypical APs still. Caplyta, Vraylar. They work differently IIRC."
176003771,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
176003772,Yeah that was my _NAME_…????.
174342650,Been On Clozaril For Around Fifteen Years Now. Also Prescribed CitaloPram By A Doctor. Citalopram Made My Concetration Worse. Gave Up Alcohol On New Years Day. Best Thing About Clozaril Is That It Makes Me Feel Safe And No Longer Paranoid!
176003773,String cheese and crackers go very well together.
176003774,"its like i hear the voices but no one else around me hears me, i know why the voices harass me. Why did the voices choose you to harass. Do you know why?"
176003775,"i know its such a catch phrase and a cliche… however i am beginning to wonder in my own case if this is exactly where my sz begins and circles… FEAR. hugs to y’all, _NAME_"
176003776,Have any of you felt really susceptible to stress? Like everything was highly stressful
176003777,"I haven’t ran long distance in over 11 yrs. Since my junior year in high school. I dislocated my knees several times probably because of being a runner since age 11 when I started JV track. I ran a mile today and I’m going to keep building upon it. Usually the psych meds gave me no energy but I think the less you mess with the dose of the AP, the more you get used to it. I’m totally used to it and I feel like tomorrow I can run over 2 miles. Mind you it hit 100 degrees here today. Lol I pick the hottest day of the summer… But that was nice to shed off the calories of the pizza I ate and get my heart rate going!!"
176003778,Serotonin got me through most episodes. Easiest way would be just start walking at least half hour a day.
176003779,I was last hospitalized June of 2017. This was my fifth hospitalization.
176003780,"i dont know how they diagnose sz, O yea i was seeing things like demons, and shadows. I thought my whole family was trying to kill me. I think diagnose me threw other things like behavior too, But never heard voices but you dont have to hear voices to be diagnose to be sz."
176003781,Live past 65 years old. I think that would be ideal. Just 14 years to go. My youngest will be 30 by then. They can do without me.
176003783,Open open. I mean external things come inside my mind. I mean internal things go outside of my mind. Skull is transparent
176003784,Do you ever hear voices through the music?
176003785,They didnt admit her and she wants me to be evaluated as well so that’s our plan
174342642,"Hello all, I’d just like to update the forum and state the unfortunate fact that not much has changed. I’m 4 and a half months of trinza so unfortunately this is to be expected. I did around a week ago however have this warm fuzzy feeling in the area of happiness and joy that was quite strong but it only lasted around 5 seconds. Hopefully this is the first sign that something is changing. I’m really missing my emotions since it’s been a year without them. I’m guessing my next update is going to look somewhat similar to this one but I hope not. Cheers."
176003786,Gave me terrible shake’s and Parkinson’s syndrome. Plus terrible headache.
176003787,How long did you take Haldoperidial and did you switch with ease to another medicine?
176003788,"I don’t know but I personally feel like there is some positives in this unfoldment with covid-19. I see more people out walking and people at the store - despite being a time of ‘panic’ - seem more friendly and considerate. And as for me, the things I want from the store no one buys much of anyway lol."
174342654,"My meds killed my drive. I changed meds and want it, but it seems like too much work. Plus the kids are here all the time with Covid."
176003789,Are you on Medicaid? Are you in the US?
176003790,Yeah I have done the cap trick too lol. You are right though - a show wet can feel real good after
176003791,Thanks man! Tried to make them sound like a percussion section from a band lol
176003792,"What song meant a lot to you when you were young? I couldn’t think of one but just now I stumbled onto this song. The band is _PERSON_. The lead singer is _NAME_. This was his big break in 1975 before he had a great solo career later and became lead singer of _NAME_ Halen. The record was called “Montrose” and was a perfect rock album. I haven’t heard this song since 1979 but me and my friends got drunk every weekend in high school and listened to this. The lyrics were perfect for me, the song just fit me and what I was going through at the time."
176003793,"So I wanted to share an experience I had at the start of my illness. For a little context I have the voice of a person claiming to be from the _NAME_. This person told me at the start that in order to be spared the torture of hearing voices, I would have to join the Provisional _NAME_ (which is a splinter group of the _NAME_, closely affiliated but separate entity’s) members of the provisional _NAME_ are in every community here in Ireland and they are seen as a kind of police in areas. I’m not proud of it but my dad and cousin were in the provisional _NAME_. So I got a new job at a high end engineering firm. It was a wonderful opportunity. I would be working with two colleagues in one office. So fast forward a few months and one of my colleagues is constantly verbally insulting me under his breath,constantly. I decided to retaliate so I insulted his mother under my breath, it was this act that infuriated the man but he didn’t react straight away. So I quit the job soon after, and the guy woul
d follow me everywhere in his car. I learnt soon after that this man is actually in the _NAME_.It was then I started to hear the voice of this man. They told me I had to join the _NAME_ pretty quick and to do this I would need to see an _NAME_ man who lives by me who they told me was responsible for recruiting people into the local provisional _NAME_. As it turns out he actually was in the provisional _NAME_ In the past. (My cousin told me) My question is this…if my voices are not real how did they know that this elderly man was responsible for recruiting people into the provisional _NAME_??"
176003794,dude thats awesome
176003795,Maybe she may feel that she is protecting me but sometimes it is a little too much. I am the older sibling. but she is caring and I care about her.
176003796,"Just do things that make you feel like your making little improvements in yourself every day. Even if it’s just a few small things…the better you feel the less you hear this…because you know it’s not true. I had it in the beginning too, I have found my strength to the point of knowing I wont accept it when they lie to me like that anymore"
176003797,"I eat potatoes, but my mom still puts bread everywhere even into or onto meat as a compensation of lack for meat"
176003798,The sucker thing has to do with how controlled and inhibited your life is with SZ. I got it too.
176003799,what did I feel…?
176003800,That’s no waste of you read most for sure!!! I bought 30 books off eBay once for $25 I read 5 of them!! I considered this one of my best purchases ever Especially since one of the books was no other than the teachings of _NAME_. The ways of yacqui knowledge . Which I named my cat after Maybe excessive at the time but you got your money worth in the long run I think. I think it’ll pay off in the long term in terms of fulfillment and economically
174342647,I disagree with your dr. People don’t feel their brains or hear them. It sounds like positive symptoms to me
176003801,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176003802,My brother gf likes to do coloring books also _AT_MENTION_. It seems to relax her. It’s good to see you around _AT_MENTION_!
176003803,My two year old ripped a massive burp when we were out to dinner in a very small quiet room full of people. the waitress whipped round to stare
176003804,I have no personal ego
176003805,"I’m not sure how the services there are, but I’ll be bringing enough meds for a few months just in case. I think you have to pay to see a doctor there"
176003806,"The med’s have considerably reduced my sex drive. A week or two ago I didn’t get my Geodon in my med. tray, and my sex drive substantially returned. I think the Geodon is worth it, and it might not be that way for others. I don’t intend to have children."
176003807,That’s a lot of Xanax. I take .25 mg once a day.
176003808,I think I’ve said this before but there can be increments of trust. My neighbor likely watches me because she’s always looking out her window at the neighborhood. But I don’t think she’s going to assemble an exposé of me to distribute because it would take time out of her life. There can be baby steps to trust.
176003809,This has to pass through Congress and possibly a good chance it wont if the right people are in office. _PERSON_ hint. This topic makes people who are already paranoid even more paranoid.
176003810,You can still receive disability payments with a bipolar diagnosis.
176003811,I am doing good. I am working at the moment. Do you have any plans for the day?
176003812,Cool I got a nissan versa for that
176003813,I hope they feel better soon. We’re they tested?
176003814,I’m not a loser speak for yourself.
176003815,Sounds like anxiety to me. Try Breathing exercises - or focus on something that makes you happy. Your always anxious when your psychotic - even if you may not know it.
176003816,How does one solve a problem without worrying about it at least a little?
176003817,Probably my church mates might or might not say the same thing. They might know someone with a MI.
176003818,"Ahh, the one that people broke into my apartment and are poisoning my food is a common delusion of mine too. I also have the chip implant one too. Now, I’m just faced with reality- nobody gives a stink about me. I’m just a cog in a wheel; a number with no face and no meaning. Society is becoming colder to people around them. I find this unfortunate. I live in the city. Some of my neighbors don’t even say hello. It is sad. So, may be having a delusion is a way of saying that you matter and are important. In reality, nobody cares about each other."
176003819,Try deep breathing and mindfulness exercises. Work’s well for me. Good luck
176003820,You know the situation best. But It sounds like you did the right thing.
176003821,When i was atlanta one of my neigbour has same delusion as you. He used to think that cia put some microphone to his porcelaine tooth.
176003822,"If you ever feel the need to vent or talk about it, you could PM me"
176003823,"Hmm. . . Seems Like A Strange Question To Me In All Reality. Recovering From A Psychotic Episode?. Well…, Without Medications There Is No Such Thing As Recovery. (Going Against My Younger Self). Now, I Have No Say So In Natural Drug’s. Herbs Or Whatever It Is That They Prescribe. Although I Gotta Mention. If Marijuana Gets Legalized Where I Stay. I Will Be Raising A Suggestion To My Doctor. Although She Doesn’t Seem To Be The Type To Award Such Relaxation. And SLEEP. Ugh!, The Sleep On _PERSON_ Is The Bestest. N e Hoo. I’ve Had Numerous Psychotic Episodes. That Slowly Spiraled Out Of Control. Some Took Month’s. Some Took A Few Quick Weeks. Short Hospitalization’s. Back On Drug’s. And Me Giving It Another Shot. And Of Course, Trying To Break The Cycle Without Med’s. Once Again. Strapped To Bed’s. Choked By Cops. (My Fault Really). I Was Screaming In An Emergency Room. And After The Cop Pushed Me Into A Bed, I Was Once Again Strapped Down. And Seriously Folks, Those Things Are Annoy
ing To Put It Lightly. You Can’t Move At All. Except Your Hands And Feet. Which Is A Very Strange Reality To Wake Up In. I Think The Last Bed I Was Strapped Too, I Jus Gave Up And Passed Out. Woke Up And Was Free Again. Then Guided To The Facility. I Feel Like I’m Rambling. . . I Have Discovered After Many Years Of Anguish And Disagreement. That Medications Are Your Best Bet. The Chaos. Confusion. Hopelessness. 1000’s Of Voices. Seeing Faces Everywhere. Some Happy. Some Sad. Some Angry. Some Questioning. ANNOYING. Not To Mention The Delusions Upon Society, Civilization, And Mainstream Culture. And Beer. Although I Could Never Catch A Buzz. Ugh!. I Don’t Understand The Question. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
176003824,The only other sly I can think of is the 70s band - sly and the family stone
176003825,I believed in things like hell when I was psychotic And suicidal. That helped me not do it. Idk think that everything is alive and conscious just like you. Does that help?? Sometimes I have bad intrusive thoughts too but I know I wouldn’t act on it. Like in the car and stuff.
176003826,"Too low, I need triple."
176003827,"I don’t think I’m psychotic because this is actually happening, I mean I would prefer to be psychotic because then it wouldn’t be real and meds could possibly help me. My meds help with voices and paranoia I notice but these ideas of reference are different, it is actually happening. Please keep arguing with me, no worries"
176003828,how do you read its mind?
176003829,Are you hoping for some sexy time?
176003830,Why don’t you offer a monetary reward of like $20 for someone to guess your name or something? That way you would find out that people can’t even guess who you are if you paid them.
176003831,_PERSON_ I’ve been in 3 different mental facilities. No Xbox or Playstation.
174342658,Trying wellbutrin was a big mistake may be it have created added positive symptoms which then required stronger ap dose to stabilize.
176003832,Doing good off today and tomorrow work extended shifts 4 days a week so my weekend is Tuesday and Wednesday. _PERSON_ what to do with myself on my off days.
176003833,"Oh _AT_MENTION_ Bless your Heart, Please dont propergate your conspiracy theories here please Theres too many ill people here that might believe you"
176003834,I was a data analyst for a marketing firm My meds have not been stable for the last 6 months. I am having to cope with so many changes that I don’t even know what is helping and what is causing me problems with side effects
176003835,I believe you can get to a healthier place eventually Are you in therapy at all??
176003836,Went to the gym Ok played with my daughter Took melatonin for sleep
176003837,Each line represents an earlier time When inspiration declined Minds were brought back into congregation Each thought hesitantly separated Constantly wondering where are heads are at If that didn’t bother us Then we must have been lost Across distant lands and through various forces No remorse lead us through parallel universes
176003838,Haha. You mean well but no. Just no.
176003839,Yeah _AT_MENTION_ I was inspired by _AT_MENTION_ 's beat haha
176003840,"Another day sober yesterday, had cravings yesterday, but I fought through them. Had to break down time into 15 minute intervals. Just promise myself I’d stay sober for 15 minutes at a time. Doing that multiple times in the day whenever I wanted to use. It worked. And the tools can work for you too if you just open yourself up and want recovery."
176003841,"“Happiness is just a word to me, and it might of meant a thing or two had I know the difference”"
176003842,I don’t think my cognition has changed much beyond the effects attributable to age .
176003843,In the US you have a right to request and receive your files. They don’t like to hand them over sometime and !y mental health advocate got them for me.
174342667,How long have you been battling them?
176003844,Which is better? TMG or NAC? I think I will take NAC at 6-7AM and see if I get insomnia again.
176003845,Whats your coldest this year? Here its -28C but usually like last year it was in the -30s C.
176003846,Sometimes I just cave and then go for walk. I actually think it’s better to just let yourself be surrounded by junk food or anything you want to binge on. I mean food is everywhere. Can’t really avoid it. I was gonna throw out this cookie cake someone had left over for their bday but decided against it. If I feel the want to binge I just sit with it and don’t give in. Then find something I want to do that’s either plaguing my mind or is just fun. Usually I’m feeling the want to binge as a bad habit to avoid boredom or avoiding completing some unfinished project.
176003847,It’s Christmas time. Time for everyone to lavish warmth and generosity on their neighbors. It’s the time for humanity and sharing.
176003848,ultradian bipolar balancingbrainchemistry.co.uk Ultradian Rythms and Bipolar Syndrome
176003849,I’m not discounting that possibility. There are 5 blocks of 2 flats each here . To get into each block you either have to know the code or buzz to be let in . I’m not sure whether I’d be able to hear someone knocking on one of the front doors in the adjacent block.
174342657,You’re absolutely right I may have schizophrenia but at least I’m not a selfish ass$$leave. That’s definitely worse.
176003850,"Eh, ups and downs. I’m not doing too well recently, but I’ve got a good support system, so I’m sure I’ll be fine. How about you? I haven’t seen you around much lately"
176003851,Ham!
176003852,I’m good. I started taking NAC for excoriation disorder. And funnily enough it seems to be helping.
174342664,"I developed Major Depression at around 16 years of age. I did, however, some some paranoid ideation at the time, but i didn’t hear voices or anything like that. I got diagnosed with Schizophrenia at about 27 or thereabouts."
176003853,"they’re still not off the hook. I’ve seen videos of some places where you get arrested for feeding the homeless, and if you’re in a food establishment, just basically eating with a homeless guy, the place calls the cops. they still have too much police state over anyone marginalized, that includes us."
176003854,can one know too much like…?
176003855,yeah i guess but it sucks taking meds makes me feel like im sick and inferior
176003856,"Too much yes, blackout is the worse."
176003857,I feel trapped all the time too!!!
176003858,"I don’t get any akathisia, but I’m lucky, I haven’t had it on any of the four meds I’ve tried."
176003859,"Don’t feel bad. i missed my appointments in all of Jan. It’s not good, but we all make mistakes."
174342662,"Yeah it totally sux being worn out by schizophrenia, I couldn’t focus much on anything, and it’s definately tiring. I’ve been in and out of rehab for ages, but it’s been 3 years now that i havn’t been back there, things get better with the right meds, and with a supporting group of people and time."
176003860,"Today i had an irregular heartbeat, anxiety, panic etc. I took a benzo."
176003861,"That’s neat. The purple grapes look like you _NAME_ them, not pasted them on the poster board"
176003862,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176003863,"I think we’re writing about two different things, now. It is not selfish to be working on your own health. I’m not talking about who gets the biggest piece of pie."
176003864,parents when they become ill actually very ill and this becoz they become older day after day two days ago was second time i cried becoz my dad was sevelly ill and the first time when my mom become ill too i suffer alot when i see them suffer i become very anxious and cry and whatever i do i relax then i explode in anxiety and crying anyone has tips or has good tips thanks
174342663,yeah it would be nice if the support systems foucused on other things than ap’s. Maybe that’s only in some dreamworld of the future.
176003865,I hate talking about my problems. I think it makes me both uncomfortable and unstable. There is probably a deep down reason for this I would likely benefit from exploring. But as it stands for me talking isn’t my bag
176003866,"I helped my former husband pass his insurance board exams a million years ago in the very early 1980’s. He didn’t have any success or luck in sales of insurance though because his skin was a different color than all his clients. He tried door to door sales selling other things too but he couldn’t make it for the same reason. It wasn’t until he decided to hide his skin color behind a phone doing all telemarketing that his sales career took off like a rocket. Largely because although he doesn’t look like his clients, his voice sounds exactly like them without any trace of an accent. He recently retired on his own self made fortune in telemarketing."
176003867,"I really like this one, it reminds me of eyedea."
176003868,"Yes , you have done . There was a serious attempt to rationalise it, but you weren’t in the right frame of mind to accept that. I didn’t want you off the forum because of that."
176003869,"Oh lol, sorry yeah it’s still funny I get it now!"
176003870,"Do good deeds, Speak good words, Think good thoughts, And you will be happy. Try it out! I think it works."
176003871,"100% cocoa powder contains 499 mg magnesium per 100 g https://www.naturalcalm.ca/fr/is-dark-chocolate-really-a-good-source-of-magnesium/ “Just to be clear, though, I’m talking about raw cacao , a superfood – not dutch processed cocoa typically used in baking. In addition to powdered cacao, you can find raw cacao in ‘nibs’.”"
176003872,Many get accustomed to Seroquel at the 400 mg. dosage. How long have you been taking it?
174342673,Thank u…
176003873,I know I am. I have to correct myself at every turn or everything turns to spells and glitter.
176003874,"it is because i have been hurt by it and in my menory everything is pretty good before i went to a psy clinic but i did admit there was problem in my life at that time , but wasn’t as big as now"
176003875,"if you cant handle drink its better to steer clear of it, its great you dont think about it anymore, my pal said the same sort of thing to me recently that he doesnt think about the drink anymore but he still takes the antabuse just in case, he has got a bit of a codiene problem though which is very dangerous, i’ve been trying to say a few words here and there about it but i doubt he’ll listen to me, i hope he does but he usually just does his own thing."
176003876,this is amazing _AT_MENTION_
176003877,I’m a 29 year old man I am a Christian I’m a mortal man who won’t live forever I’m completely at God’s mercy (I’m also an artist )
176003878,Stress Caffeine (though I love it so) Disturbing real events
176003879,Ive done both bodybuilding and powerlifting and put them both together I was a natural @ 94kg and 184cm tall could bench over 500 pounds squate 300kg etc but my bodybuilding days are over that was about 9 years ago I know alot about weight lifting it is hard work.
176003880,hang in there…I used to lie in bed all day and night only getting up to eat or go to the bathroom…I found hope…it’s hard when you don’t have any to find some but in the smallest things try to find hope and you will get out of bed.
176003881,I’ve had blurred vision in the distance for three months now. 2 months on clopixol and one month on olanzapine. Both meds give me blurred vision. I’m pretty sure I don’t need glasses.
176003882,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176003883,"i live in a small down and people are nice but indifferent. calif. i have no idea what they know about me, except the neighbors. be neighborly."
176003884,I’m trying to cheer myself up.
176003885,"I don’t know if this helps, but if the setting has been set to normal in the red, circled area, you can left click on it with your mouse and select a higher notification setting. help1919×400 22.1 KB"
176003886,Impeccable rhythm. The subject matter is a little depressing.
176003887,"Whenever someone asks me how I’m doing, I usually say, “Could be better, could be worse.”"
176003888,"I shaved my head into a buzz cut back in the years 2008 to 2014. What motivated me was that I was going through an LGBT butch phase and I had to prove to myself that I wasn’t a butch lesbian. It was a difficult time for my family, friends and lovers."
176003889,About a month and a half before i start talking about existential stuff. Then i get mania and do lots of stuff for awhile. Then the voices return full force and visions of the apocalypse about 2 and a half months in. About 3 months in ill start talking outloud to “the watchers” that show up in my dreams and irl. I scare the crap out of my parents with that one. So its best i stay medicated lol. That aint even half of what truly happens though.
176003890,"No, I’m in the U.S."
176003891,voices threatening me becoz i learning russian ? by horrible threats so i stop the learning video as if they r russian intelligence and dont want me to pursue learning russian i am looking forward to know new people and new cultures and may be one day i ll visit russia it is easy for me as egyptian citizen to travel there more than western countries which r more complicated that s why i am learning russian
176003892,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176003893,Im not going to try to prove anything to you lol. Just do what you gotta do man
176003894,All the while the clock ticks. Tic tic tic and you’ve wasted precious time to change.
176003895,Im on invega and remeron. Remeron really works for me. I havent had any AP touch my depresison though.
176003896,I started believing I had powers as early as around ten. I had imaginary friends up into my thirties. I was depressed and anxious from 10 on. The men started following me at 31. I started receiving messages from animals in my teens.
176003897,I think we szs tend to be a liability in spite of ourselves. I need to practice concentration and control.
176003898,Thanks I’m just sensing so much unhappiness from people. And I don’t know how to read faces so it makes it even harder. I feel like I’m the source of it all.
176003899,Walked my brothers dogs but it was difficult and heavy and felt aweful but did it. My sacred neigh is happy and healthy and well. She is the platonic love of my life. My dog is also well. I weigh 56.8 kg after laxatives and that’s pretty good.would like to loose 2kg but still happy with where I’m at with my weight.
176003900,5am-1pm or 6am-2pm.
176003901,Do you have a fever?
176003902,Anxious
176003903,"Excited and anxious and worried subconsciously. Even when I don’t realize it. I have derealization, paranoia and voices because of coffees, but they help with mood"
176003904,Don’t do anything out of the ordinary that you might regret.
176003905,"I thought God was communicating to me through voices and stuff. The voices were telling me that I was going to be the fourth most powerful being in the whole universe. but I figured it out like 20 minutes after the delusions started. So I’m happy about that, but I’m still very angry. I’m not sure why I’m so angry. I think it is because I was delusional for a short time."
176003906,How long were you stable on it?
176003907,Zoloft helps my anxiety and depression quite a bit. Not completely but much better than without.
176003908,Honestly it’s because they make really loud noises unexpectedly and it gives me panic attacks. Not to mention they’re eyes are huge and creep me out. Just the blank look is creepy.
174342679,My cognition was severe but it increased highly on invega
176003909,I did not flag your post. I saw no reason to do so.
174342680,"I know the side effect profile is low. I wanted to try it, but my doctor said it rarely works. I was also coming off Clozapine, and had to try a medication which had given my a partial response in the past. Otherwise, I may have relapsed. Now that I am on Abilify and Seroquel, I wonder whether to try Geoden or Latuda as the second medication with Abilify. I am on a high dose of Seroquel (600) and it is giving me some side effects. Abilify has no side effects for me. I was wondering whether trying Latuda or Geoden would be better. I am in such a stable state, though, that I am hesitant to experiment (yet again) too."
176003910,"Go to the emergency, call 911 and tell your parents, thats serious."
176003911,I couldn’t tolerate 30mg. It made me very dizzy. 30mg is the maximum dose for Abilfy. 90mg must have been hectic for you.
176003912,I also have smoking delusions. As if I was doing something grand.
174342671,"I am very depressed this week. It was 4 months since my mother passed away. She also had schizophrenia, but she also had depression and rheumatoid arthritis, she felt a lot of pain in her body because of arthritis. She was taken to the hospital by ambulance and had a urinary tract infection, the cause of her death. I feel an immense agony inside me. It seems that my life has no more meaning for me, I have a terrible insomnia every day, sleeping little and waking up tired, feeling pain in my body as if I had not slept at all. My depression got worse. I even tried to kill myself hanged and cut my arm with a knife. When I look at my mom’s photos, I feel really sad because I didn’t have a lot of patience with her, because she was already getting into Alzheimer’s disease. I have thoughts of guilt, thinking that I could have helped her more, but we constantly talked about angels and God. What consoles me are the prayers I say to God and when I read the Bible, Jewish and spiritualist books and about 
philosophy. Music has helped me too, but there are times when I feel an existential emptiness, when that happens I try to read some spiritual book or listen to Christian music. Lately the mood stabilizer has helped me too and the antidepressant. I have this prescription now: Risperidone 2mg, one in the morning and one at night. Sertraline 50mg, 200mg daily Sodium valproate 500mg, 3 times a day Clonazepam 2mg, 1 or 2 times a day Pray for me, my dear friends. God bless you all."
176003913,I hope I will be able to feel like that one day. Sending hugs
176003914,"I get easily confused by all this stuff when I try to relate to my own experience day to day. Over the years I think I have learned to compensate for this kinda stuff that makes it a bit less of an issue. To these doctors it’s an illness, but I view it as just part of me as an individual, as I am not going to wake up one day and not have sz."
176003915,"Im surprised you was able to store that many drugs. Im lucky if i get 7, 10mg valium every 6 months. Maybe this is just the right time to quit."
176003916,What’s the average dose people are using on here? I find 2 grams per day to pair very nicely with my APs.
176003917,"You are that rare person who isn’t afraid to be vulnerable and to use the forum for what it’s supposed to be for, support. I love that you share your feelings and reach out when you’re in need. Don’t ever be embarrassed by your posts."
174342686,"why did it happen to me? why one hundred years of study about schizophrenia and in 2020 no cure, no knowledge about cause and no glimmer of hope?"
176003918,It’s a super rushed vaccine process. It normally takes 7 years on the average for vaccines to become finalized. This is going to be rammed through in under a year. Volunteers have already died.
176003919,Yeah I agree man. I would say 90% of the time my meds are at regular times. In the past I would worry about missing evening sport if I went to bed early but it is now all available on demand online
176003920,"The most prominent traits: mainly auditory hallucinations and others, paranoid delusion, delusions of grandeur etc."
176003921,_PERSON_ på dig! Meaning get better. Dobt on yourself I reckon such as love in yourself with nice food and healing drinks .lots of rest and talk lovingly to yourself. I usually have to talk myself through things that are emotionally difficult “you can get through this””your so good” “your doing so well”etc
176003922,I think for dinner I’m going to have a huge salad with every vegetable we have.
176003923,"I’ve thought about volunteering for a literacy program and maybe tutoring people to take the GED. I’ve always did well on the standardized tests, and I think I could help people take standardized tests."
176003924,I think I’ve been committed 4 times and also was sent to a group home/institution once
176003925,I didn’t know you’d had psychosis three times. Thought it was just once.
174342690,_NAME_ had schizophrenia. It’s what i thought when i was reading the document
176003926,Yeah I think that is good advice. Thanks!
176003927,Try chrome for iphone.
176003928,My family Nature Medication Having money for food and other necessities
176003929,There are options for symptoms like that I’d imagine if it’s related to Parkinsons type symptoms. I know it’s hard but try not to worry to much. I know that is hard to do but wait till you’ve see the doctor etc. As I say. Try to keep focused on what is working and move forward from there. You’ll get better for sure.
176003930,Am feeling a bit better now. I do better when I take my meds at the same time of day. That is 3 hours from now. Have turned off the tv and am lying on the bed chilling. Might light an incense stick
176003931,"_AT_MENTION_ I used to talk to them. Now that everyone says they don’t see them I feel like I’ll look crazy if I talk to them. If the meds can make them go away, then I’ll believe it’s definitely a hallucination and delusion."
176003932,"They gave out the Pfizer vaccine March 18th at my psychiatric care provider, after the Governor opened up vaccinations."
174342684,"It all feels like a catch-22 situation. I don’t know if I’ll qualify for disability but other people have suggested that I will. I don’t feel ill yet I only need to open my mouth and deny the existence of other people to sound mad as a hatter, but I have to choose to do it, which indicates cunning and a suspicious degree of insight."
176003933,_AT_MENTION_ How can you get groceries? Can you have them delivered?
176003934,Hope it gets better and better. New jobs are usually stressful for the first bit but don’t be hard on yourself. Good you are asking questions!
176003935,"I’m not going off them. No, when I took the benzos 2 days ago in the middle of the day it felt like it did nothing for voices and panic. But I take it every day and it organizes my thoughts. I’ve been on it since 2014."
176003936,"We have different genes which makes our bodies response different. You can compare it to all sorts of things. Like some people are allergic to shellfish, but most people aren’t. Some people are very sensitive to coffeine, while others seem to have no problem with it. Some people easily gain weight when eating, while others seem to stay slim on the same diet. With medications it’s the same thing. There is no universal response to anything that is digested."
176003937,They have diet _NAME_ coke. I have to try that. I dont like vitamin water it taste funny.
176003938,Calm down. Stop spreading conspiracies and inspiring panic. No one here is even talking about power grids.
176003939,Did they tell you that you need to take at least 400 calories with every dose of geodon? It doesn’t work to its fullest if you don’t.
176003940,i got a notification from the computer that someone was trying to invade my computer. i think it is him. _NAME_
176003941,"Dont worry about infants. So far, not a single child under 10 has died."
176003942,"oh I know what else used to help, Benadryl."
176003943,Love is like a delusion in my opinion. Im not saying its a harmful delusion always but it can make you think and do things that are not rational. There are scammers online that make people fall in love with them and have them send money. Ive had sex without love but with liking and i think that was ok. Im glad i had sex when i did with or without love because now its basically impossible for me.
176003944,I’m sorry you are not finding what you need. Can I help you in anyway?
176003945,"Well, every time I used to go in was because I was having an acute crisis. Going into the hospital didn’t mean my crisis disappear. So even though they drugged me up, whatever I went in for was still there. Actually, in a lot of my hospitalizations, as soon as I got in I felt worse. My state of mind was at the breaking point when I went in. I would have to say that there was a few positive things that happen inside some hospitals but I couldn’t really enjoy them too much. For example when I was in Stanford hospital a counselor took a few of us across the street to the mall and treated us to coffee at a little shop. It was nice but I was still suffering. It was fun shooting pool or playing ping-pong but when the game was over I still felt bad. To sum it up, if I did not have any mental illness and someone put me in the hospital it would seem like a vacation. But unfortunately, I have an illness and I hated 95% of my stays in hospital."
176003946,"Yes this is why blaming, getting angry etc only end up in more issues. When we are happy we don’t blame or get angry. This also means when we blame, get angry we are are losing our happiness, peace of mind etc."
176003947,"Once again, _AT_MENTION_ you go beyond great…good job !!"
176003948,I liked netball alot was taller than most so played a good GK even tho due to asthma couldnt run much now im really unfit but would love to join a team if i got fitter.
176003949,_PERSON_ has quite a line. May not be able to sit and eat
176003950,Don’t get weary of doing good works… like that
176003951,There is a utility company working outside. Lots of folk in hi-vis clothes. At one point I would have instantly freaked out about this. I know exactly what conclusion I would have come to: it’s undercover cops doing surveillance. In fact I even just heard someone say ‘I will put a camera on it to get some footage.’ Again this would have twisted my melon man but today I took things in my stride. I rationalised the utility company as being just that - a utility company. And when I thought about I realised the camera comment was either just a hallucination or maybe some one on a bike with a go-pro. Man it has taken me best part of twenty years to get to a stage when I can take things in my stride
176003952,From personal issues myself I would be in a state of shock to make it another month… And I’m only 31
176003953,"Yes, I agree, or some extra lines to make some perspective or add depth"
176003954,"Do you still hear them, With the headphones?"
176003955,"Yes, as peaceful as water = a river or a pond."
176003956,"I had a little outing with a friend today to do a photo shoot in a sunflower field. I thought I would share the photos with you. I haven’t got around to adjusting them yet, so they are just straight images. DSC_06456016×4000 6.06 MB DSC_06956016×4000 5.63 MB DSC_06746016×4000 6.26 MB DSC_06736016×4000 5.47 MB DSC_06916016×4000 6.42 MB DSC_06626016×4000 5.72 MB"
176003957,Now I am feeling better and am rewarded with nice smell sensations
176003958,"I started hearing voices at 5, started showing symptoms at 9, and had hallucinations and paranoia at 12. I wasn’t properly diagnosed nor treated until I was in my 20’s, though"
176003959,—)) >> She Looked Over Here. She’s Smiling. She’s Laughing. She’s Walking Over Here. Pretend to Be Busy. She’s Walking Slow. Pretend Someone Sent a Text. You Don’t Know Anyone. She Doesn’t Know That. What if She Does. Maybe That’s Why She Was Laughing. She’s Still Walking Over Here. She’s Looking at Me. Her Dress is Nice. Dude. You Don’t Know How to Talk to Girls. She’s Got Fire in Her Eyes. She’s Smiling Again. O.k. Get Out of Here Before Her Boyfriend Wants to Start Something. << ((— (Hair Like The Wind. Speak of The Wind)-(Hair Like The Wind. Speak of The Wind) ===================================================================== ===================================================================== <<—(Flowers Perfume & Pretty Things)-(TBC)-(Flowers Perfume & Pretty Things)—>>
176003960,"I liked every song, this is really awesome!"
176003961,Hay far! You good?
176003962,"I was a fairly smart child but often very shy and socially withdrawn. I was mentally, physically, and sexually abused at a very young age. I excelled at science and art in grade school but was still very shy."
176003963,"Yeah it is not like that in the UK, we are in a housing crisis."
176003964,"People in the uk now getting fined if we go out for something apart from grocery shopping, pharmacy visits, essential work or walking/running."
176003965,It might not be bad. But we share here with confidence in each other not to take each other’s posts without permission and share them elsewhere. I’d be mortified if this happened to me
174342689,My p/doc said i am not schizophrenic anymore and asked why i was still coming on to this site
176003966,I don’t know about that. There may be other non AP meds for controlling prolactin though.
176003967,_NAME_? _NAME_?
174342698,"PubMed Schizophrenia symptom severity and motivations for gambling in individuals... Individuals with schizophrenia are over three times more likely to have problem and pathological gambling (PPG) than the general population (_NAME_, 1998; _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, 2009), but little is known about this co-occurrence and..."
176003969,We couldn’t have the good times without the bad times to compare them to. Otherwise they’d just be… times.
174342691,We’re not crazy
176003970,Forgive me for asking too many questions but what’s your take on this … do you know or think that you have ever been psychotic?
174342697,"I often laugh at something sad or for no reason. Meds didn’t help with this. I find this annoying bcz ppl think I am crazy. I behave exactly the same way as her even with meds, apathy, no ambition, no initiative and no plans for the future: Simple Schizophrenia"
176003971,_AT_MENTION_ I feel you. It’s not quirky or cute. I have a blog and I think people with SZ might hate. I don’t know how to portray my illness in a light that people with SZ would appreciate. It’s tricky to please everyone and all I want to do is tell my story.
176003972,My main goal is to help others blow up.
176003973,pepperoni pizza lol
174342694,"I didn’t get any addictions or hypersexuality from Abilify, but it did give me an uncomfortable edge. They eventually had to take me off it."
174342693,? used to quit clozapine aps for two months.after two months i start to hear voices.i never heared voice before.i also sometimes hear voice when i combines aps.
176003974,Anyone can help me with my problem that is very scary how to handle it ? I swear That’s happened in the past I lost 30 kg and gained them all again and more Becoz of them
176003975,"This is a really good article, _AT_MENTION_ https://www.aane.org/women-asperger-profiles/#:~:text=Women%20with%20Asperger%20profiles%20can,34%20and%2036%20percent%2C%20respectively. It makes me think I have aspergers."
174342699,There is nothing I can do if this spirit/condition decides to hurt me or someone else. Nothing stopped it from cutting my wrist in attempt to kill me. The attempt was only unsuccessful because even though it cut pretty deep the blood was dripping slowly so it called the ambulance instead after seeing that I won’t die.
176003976,"I don’t understand economics, but I put my faith into _PERSON_, his admin, and our republican and business leaders. I figure they know things we don’t. I’m not sure if this give people free money think is going to work but it should help his re-election. He’ll win in my opinion. I don’t like the fact that hedge funds and rich people are getting money. I think there are better things then give people money to buy skateboards and stupid ????. They won’t buy tiolet paper and the necessities. They’ll spend it on stupid ????. Where did we get the money? Printing machine? China? More debt? Like I said, I don’t know ???? about economics. I just put my faith and pray our country and leaders know what they are doing."
176003977,Yeah they make alot weird mixing of the senses
176003978,"Thanks for the warning! I will be careful! I really appreciate your concern. I lowered the haldol with just 0.5mg beginning of January or so (?), i still use some. It is important for me to try. I monitor closely how i feel. When i am badly triggered, i use more meds immediately for a few days. Recently i noticed im feeling more of everything, which i love, and im more active and socially interested. But i also have some delusional thoughts. Which is why i wondered. They are manageble. But if it gets worse im back on my old steady dose again. If i start talking crazy stuff, please tell me."
176003979,What’s prodomal?
176003980,Thanks for the advice everybody!
176003981,What makes you guys think it will weak other then pure speculation? Any information as you to why you think it will “weak”?
176003982,"Conspiracy stuff is what the unusual beliefs section is for, IMO."
176003983,"Agreed. That’s why I mentioned making yourself eat. But, if _AT_MENTION_ isn’t eating, they are better than nothing."
176003984,"Yes they deliver, they work well for me."
176003985,"I hope I wont get sick by this, but lately I am so occupied to heal my mind, that I even think less about eating… ok, it’s not healthy, but I wonder how many of you had times like this? Tbh, I gained 30 kilos the first time I was put on zyprexa… so I have what to lose now, but I also know that the food brings vitamins etc…"
176003986,I thought when I was in the ward that my figure of erotomania wanted me to be fat so I gained a lot of weight in the ward…
176003987,You should get a vape. _PERSON_ does a good starter vape with a pod system.
176003988,"OK, I’m sure that’s true in at least one alternate universe."
176003989,yeah i wont wear them outside
176003990,Lamictal can cause that and also mania. You need to discuss this with your doctor possibly try a new mood stabilizer.
176003991,"No, that ghost isn’t a rapist. I go to sleep.Its nearly 4 am here. I am going to bed, but god knows, i am not going to play."
176003992,"Lol, that’s totally fair to be excited. Never lose your inquisitive spirit, you make good things."
174342703,"Clozapine gave me ocd at low doses and I couldnt tolerate any SSRI at medium clozapine doses. I developed contamination related ocd doubts after 6 years of taking clozapine. SSRI gave me anxiety attacks. But once i reduced the clozapine dose, i could tolerate SSRIs. RIght now we are reducing clozapine dose and increasing amisulpride."
176003993,It goes away in about roughly 2 weeks. I’m on 15mg.
176003994,I want 5mg lowest mg.
176003995,what is dayo …Generic name…
176003996,Did people make jokes over you I lived so long think people make jokes over me Sometime it is directly sometime indirectly It was terrible They laugh and i am in pain Long story i am not very sure it is right or some of it delusion coz it is not possible people laugh over same person so long years or right who know
176003997,"I’ve taken a lot of street drugs and felt nothing when I was medicated for sz. It wasn’t the sz. It was the medication. It’s probably fortunate I didn’t get high off them. I did the better part of an eight ball of powder cocaine and didn’t feel a thing. I know I wasn’t ripped off, because I let other people try some and they told me I didn’t go wrong."
176003998,Ha ha…I felt the same way when I was playing that game. I think you can get a over two hours on that auto-answer rotisserie when entering different extensions during that chapter of Kentucky Route Zero
176003999,My brother downplays what I go through symptom wise. He basically feels that my mental illness is a personality flaw and treats it as a weakness. He wants me to stop worrying all the time and feels I can just snap out of it anytime I want. Are their people in your life that basically deny or downplays your mental illness? My brothers true colors are coming out or maybe I’m just waking up to how he really feels about me. It’s going to be a lonely road for me when it comes to my future. My father has not been the most understanding person in the world but at least he’s been there for me when I needed support.
176004000,"Oh no! I’m so sorry. I’ve come close before, but I always self-abort at the last second. I do have a pretty wicked scar on my arm tho"
176004001,Anyone familiar with cognitive distortions? I’m having trouble capturing them in my journal because of my poverty of thought. Any tips?
174342713,What about chromosome 22?
176004002,Definitely does not make you a bad mom. I feel like that often
176004003,A derisive comment that I don’t need. But I bring it on by being alone so much.
176004004,"I’m doing better then when I first started showing symptoms. The other day, I have felt a bit of what you can call confidence in me, that I felt that I could take on the working society again in the US… I hope to have a normal life again. I couldn’t done it without my family and people on this forum. It has been a great support system and help. Taking on life one step at a time."
176004005,"That’s really good to hear. I know it’s different for everyone, but I’ve heard good things about latuda. The only negative effect I have is sometimes I get sick right after I take it, then I worry it didn’t have time to absorb."
176004006,Today I wanted to self harm but I took a valium and a cold shower instead. still feeling sad though.
176004007,Great job. I am glad you found some success
176004008,<3 to you! 151515
176004009,This is a nice thread. I finished off cleaning my computer desk. The next task is a big one… Renewing my passport which got expired 6 months ago. I got to ready bunch of my documents and go to the store to book a date for renewal. Will post my update hopefully soon.
176004010,"not really, its just creatine and bcaas, its 80 percent nutrition and 20 percent training. Its cheap too, my bcaas only cost 17 dollars and last 4 months and creatine cost only 15 and last 5 months. yea its cheap. I buy best price with most amount of servings on ebay."
176004011,Thanks. It’s just disconcerting that it is visible to others and I can’t feel it anymore.
174342705,Or even schizophrenia. Because I have not had a psychosis since the beginning of April 2010. And I don’t know if what I have is axiety or bipolar./???
176004012,I pressed the correct ‘reply direction’…but it doesn’t always seem to work.
176004013,cheer up…he is an ???????. maybe he planned on making you want to leave him? the conspiracy could be all him…get angry…don’t be hurt…and then get over the anger and feel good about being free.
176004014,There’s a girl on this forum who’s brilliant with water colors but I can’t think of her name. I like the very bottom pic the best
176004015,We don’t hold grudges here. We know that sometimes people lash out when they are feeling bad. It is okay. You can try harder next time.
176004016,No! Never take someone else’s meds! Your doctor needs to monitor your reactions. And so e can interact badly.
176004017,"“Landscape” as i sit, dreary eyed and groggy, a day stretches out before me, a day that has never been, a blank canvas primed and ready to be painted, the landscape of my life"
176004018,Trigger Warning I’ve had a complete hysterectomy. You DO NOT want that pain. I was on a pain pump for 2 days and pills for weeks. I can and have experienced severe pain. Why do you want surgery?
176004019,So do you lose more weight and get effects of the meds more or what
176004020,"Ever since I was admitted in the hospital, on medication, it feels like when I do my active thinking, it’s somewhat thinking out louder than usual but in my mind. If that makes any sense. I don’t feel like it was like that beforehand. Does anyone else get that? That change from before to after your psychotic experiences and having gone on meds"
174342714,Look up ideas/ frames of reference. It’s a symptom of schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. Street drugs like meth and speed can mimic that too.
174342706,Well said. I agree. Im trying to be compliant just these side effects…
176004021,"My eye doctor say i have 20/20 vision, psydoc,says my medications doenst hinder from driving and primary doctor says im fit to drive. All three said yes. So im good."
176004022,I think in 2019 Things have been slow through this pandemic Might ask again for it soon
176004023,I have a disinterest in everything. Sometimes its uncomfortable. It’s from risperidone.
176004024,"_AT_MENTION_ I couldn’t read a short magazine article on Haldol, but on Zyprexa I am devouring books! I have my next six Amazon orders already planned out! I have a $50-$60 limit each month. I’m just waiting for my credit card bill to come in the next week or so, so my next order will hit on NEXT month’s statement. My husband is working a lot of overtime this month, so we can afford it. He reads most of my books too."
176004025,Would you think it’s possible to work with other suffers but not let your own health become a problem?
176004026,The little mice were in cheese heaven. they nibbled at the drippings and tried to catch some before it hit the floor and hardened.
176004027,Hmm. The Sky Is A Sky Living As The Sky Within Itself Being The Sky As It Becomes A Skyline. Horizons Melt Like Volcanoes Swirling Colours Of Sunsets And Morning Dewdrops. Dreaming And Sleeping Awakening Slumber Rising Beyond The Gaze Of Starlight In Daylight. ~<.><.><.>~I Rest Not~<.><.><.>~>>>
174342718,I feel more clear headed. Probably a good 75%.
176004028,Dogs are commonly sedated with a benzo for long car rides that make them anxious.
176004029,Yah you should definitely reapply.
176004030,They will notice I’m not taking the pills
176004031,"from my logical reasonings and doctor whom i talked to, and i agree with her that our voices that we heard are somewhat from our conscience. but after so long i still don’t know what it meant nor what does it wants me to do to erase them away. but i believe it was manifested so greatly to the point where even when we are AWAKED, we hear what we want to hear deep down. (an analogy similar to one of a dream, because for most people, what they dream is what they really feels deep down on certain things or person or events that they wished to happen, dreams are in a way a form of way to tell the person how he really felt by protraying his inner feelings inside the dream)"
176004032,"I tried for two days to get in touch with my husband’s pdoc at hospital but still didn’t get response from her. Today the lady answering phone said she’d get the pdoc to call me but she didn’t. F**king incompetent. Nobody contacted me the whole week so far. And tomorrow’s Friday, making it almost a week since he went in. Meanwhile I continued to make plans and find out what to do to get divorce. In my religion (islam) it’s a little different to normal but also involves a court as I found out. I contacted my scholar friend and a sheikh about what to do and the sheikh gave me number of lady at Muslim Judicial Council (our local islamic court) and she said she’d get a date and time for appointment for me to come see them to start divorce proceedings. I don’t know what to expect and when my husband will find out and how long he will be in hospital. I’m hoping to get through to the d*mn pdoc tomorrow. I’ll pester them repeatedly till they drag her to phone!!! I can’t believe they n
ever phoned me yet. And his parents never phoned me too. I think maybe his sister blabbed it out to their mother that I was thinking of leaving him and now they’re cross with me. Well, sod them, I have my mom and sister and other family on my side. And anyway I’m not cutting ties with hubby, I’m still going to be his friend if he will have me as one. I was looking at photos on my phone of us and of him, and I didn’t feel so bad as I did the previous night. When I saw his face I said to myself - 'there’s my friend. He’s my friend"" and felt ok. I want us to leave in peace. And that’s the right thing to do. I have a very interesting life at moment. I’m at a crossroads and my paranoia is high but I’m also excited. A mixed bag of emotions"
176004033,I haven’t taken L-theanine for about a week. Then I took 400mg last night. I feel completely hungover today.
176004034,I am going down to 3mg risperdal.
176004035,I’ve been told it always looks like I’m smiling. So…I took the smiley chimpanzee.
176004036,"They say 100 times worse than hell on earth, as an estimate. Trust me do all to not go."
176004037,It happend to me once and things went crazy from that moment on!
176004038,"Yes, cognitive symptoms and negatives have gotten really better. I read a lot."
176004039,"So, I decided to skip a few doses of Amyloban to see how I would react; I felt really depressed for the past 2 days. And I’m on an anti depressant. Not sure if I going to continue with Amyloban at this point. I’ll see how the next few days square up. Cheers."
176004040,I don’t think less about others that watch it. It’s just a problem for me on a personal level. Everyone should do what works for them.
176004041,How much exactly is your prolactin in ng/ml ?
174342716,Medication is the best proven way to combat schizophrenia. It’s not perfect but it helps the majority of people with this disease. Very few alternative treatments work and even if they do they only help a small number of people. Going without medication is a hard row to hoe.
176004042,"My sense of what time it is today is pretty good. I can usually guess Within 10 minutes, it’s like a built-in clock in my head. But… My sense of time over all is quite distorted. Weeks seem like years, and years seem like days sometimes"
176004043,"Ouch, ok, i see…I am sorry, try to stay positive though I think, that i am paranoid form the men just right now too… Well, maybe i wasnt paying attention to the men who liked me, but to those who didnt… Idk… Maybe i have to recover a bit more first. But idk… so many years of loneliness. Maybe i start to feel my meds lately… One pdoc was saying to me, that we dont even feel them at our worst… I really closed the door for everyone 15 years ago, but yeah, ive spent these years alone, doing nothing i guess…"
176004044,I am always amazed at the talent on this site. Why don’t we have more recognition. Not that i have artistic talent.
176004045,"Mirage News – 6 May 21 $8M Grant Aims to Better Understand Disease Mechanisms of Schizophrenia _NAME_, PhD A new $8 million NIH grant seeks to uncover more clues into what genes increase the risk of developing schizophrenia. _PERSON_..."
176004046,LS! I take 4 milligram Risperdal daily and it knocks me out. I just fall asleep afterward.
176004047,"Detached?.., The Locks…, The Latch…, Eggs…, Love…, Never Hatched?.. . …"
176004048,A lot of people I know go heavy on peanut butter when they are bulking.
176004049,"eh, ten years and that’ll be a ski cap."
176004050,I’m sorry you feel that way _PERSON_. I wish I could help but I’m pretty useless lol.
176004051,Is tragic to notice. One of my students was such. She was very scared she wouldn’t measure up and overdid it. It reminded me of myself and how unbearable it was to be little.
176004052,Oh ok thanks _AT_MENTION_
176004053,Healing the past can improve one’s outlook on life. But it must be understood that trying to change the past is futile. Because the other players in the part are not available.
176004054,The flow is cool. Much improvement from when you first started sharing. The only critique I have is some lyrics from the hook. I’m not easily offended but saying ????? the U.S.A.” without a valid reason doesn’t quite sit right with me. If _PERSON_ lyrics explained why the statement is made it would be different. In this song it just sounds out of context.
176004055,"What are you currently struggling with? What do you want from therapy that it actually provides you, vrs what you want it to do, that it doesn’t? Maybe be realistic with your goals on that, and go from there. For me, therapy was a good way to constructively deal with some family problems that were upsetting me. After I’d pretty much done as much as I could do on that, I didn’t have anything that was left, and my therapist keyed in on that fairly well and I think ethically decided I didn’t need more work."
176004056,"well our little town of 2150 people has it’s first case of coronavirus. of course there are more than that, but it’s the first confirmation. im not going out for 2 weeks. we have a stay at home order from march 25th - april 7th. i will do my walking on my treadmill, and get some outside time in gardening. the weather warms up considerably starting tomorrow, in the 60’s and 70’s. so im going to have to skip the morning coffee over at mom and dad’s for a couple weeks. i wonder if i’ll have the discipline to not go over there. i think i will."
176004057,I may end up quitting Depakote and I’m not sure if I’ll need a different mood stabilizer. So therefore hopefully I’ll just be on Risperdal. My liver has had enough of these meds.
176004058,I am taking it. I had covid19 earlier. First 3 days are hell. I still can’t taste or smell properly after 18 days. I don’t want to have it again.
176004059,"they’re about to start a phase 3 trial, so it’s hard to tell. Gonna be several years at the very least assuming every trial goes peachy perfect"
176004060,Nice. I still get the lingering effects of anti depressants cuz I was literally on all of them throughout my life. Been off of them for about a year and I still get depressed at times.
176004061,"I have no words, you’ve not only let me down, but yourself"
176004062,You should draw this!
176004063,i prefer to see my pdoc in person… same for gp doc… i had to do a few videocalls with my pdoc before and i didn’t like it.
176004064,alleydog.com Identity Moratorium definition | Psychology Glossary | alleydog.com
176004065,"Sorry to hear that. She should understand your predicament. It may not be her job, but honestly, how hard could it be to give you an appointment. She needs a bit of perspective I think."
176004066,"the medication companies would know the answer, they make billions of dollars each year"
176004067,"So i turned slow and lazy and passive years ago… I was desperate for long, i was refusing to move… Now i try, but i guess ive lost the habit. Theres also the fact, that i remain anhedonic in the most of the activities, while i find, that all tasks should be done with all your head on… Is it possible to get back my activities if i try more? Did you got better on this too? I wonder if the zyprexa slows me down too in fact?.."
176004068,I can’t say no to things
176004069,"I am not sure if what I am talking about makes sense though, it is not exactly in the dsm about what happens to people in recovery. Like I think my dopamine levels are still messed up thats why I have days where I feel awful and have poor judgment and then they kind of just go back to normal sometimes. Because I know what I am talking about is not something I am just imagining, the feeling I get on those days is pretty severe. I feel like I have just got put into prison and realize that everyone hates me and is bullying me basically, that type of feeling."
176004070,He has bipolar type 1 as well
176004071,Venison and fried potatoes
176004072,"Most people don’t understand that it takes a lot of bad chemicals, to make you hallucinate and they think you can do anything in that state"
176004073,All the people in the crowd Root for Miss _NAME_ aloud! She will clean up our stains She will give us all new brains! Heep heep hooray!
176004074,Just my opinion but yes. Talk to him before the internet “gets hold” of him or he loses insight.
176004075,"Swedish, some sort."
176004076,Im gonna go againest the grain here - and say half a bottle is not alot. Only you can decide that. If it impacts on your daily life or your spending money on it you havent got - or need a snifter in the mornings - then you got a problem. Otherwise i seriously wouldnt worry about it. People can be too quick to call you an alcoholic - when your probably drinking with your boundarys.
176004077,"Well, on one hand, it’s their right to have sex. It’s natural and feels good blah, blah, blah. And they are adults. On the other hand, they should respect you and make sure they are careful to do it discreetly I.e. when you’re not home or late at night. I mean unless you’re in a family that doesn’t mind hearing each other, than they have a responsibility to pick a time when you’re not around so it doesn’t make you uncomfortable."
176004078,I used to want to die because I had such severe post traumatic stress but now I want to live since my post traumatic stress has lessened.
176004079,There is a negative vibe when i am with my wife. I am able sense it even when she is near. I dont think she understands me at all and not willing to understand.
176004080,"Morning leaf! How’s your day? Today I’m home alone, so chores and video games, and music and a nap and food and really whatever I want Monday’s are hard for me, everyone else starts their weeks with jobs or school, and here I am a lazy worthless POS, who can’t hold a job. Sigh. Least I can help with chores. Wishing you well!"
176004081,they travel and sing songs like “holy holy holy”
176004082,I feel that you should lawyer up and sue them for unlawful imprisonment.
176004083,Anxiety and depression runs rampant here in the States. Antidepressants are dished out like candy!
176004084,"I hate ppl in real life bcz they remind me of my better self, the unreachable old self."
176004085,I don’t act like I’m cured. But I try to cover it up when I’m feeling bad in real life.
176004086,"By commonsense view of the shared world I wasn’t referring to a folk science view as opposed to a properly scientific one, rather, I was referring to our taken for granted commitments with the shared world. Basic stuff like ""this table is indeed a table and it exists outside my mind '. Sorry about the confusion."
176004087,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176004088,"i am syptom free, he said i should b proud of mesef, a total discharge i feel over the moon"
176004089,Oh thank you. He’s one of the nicest people you’ll ever meet. We’re best of friends.
176004090,but what to do when the same question is stuck in your mind 24/7
176004091,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004092,I play _PERSON_ and have been happy about bass guitar for years.
176004093,Is driving there difficult? Is it really unsafe roads there?
176004094,holy ???? overheating… good thing i quit it
176004095,i havent washed in a while i feel dirty i wish i could wash just now
174342723,"Yes, some minor visual hallucinations, but nothing serious"
176004096,"When I’m half asleep, the voices used to have conversations like regular people, about their lives and such. I don’t really hear em anymore in that state. It was kinda neat tbh."
176004097,"She has been put on many AP’s and has this tea regimen that she follows religiously. She uses a lot of natural herbs and eats pretty well, salads, protein and such. She has a number of tools under her belt. I worry she’ll start using drugs again. She’s been a recovering addict for 1-2 years now. She’s prone to addictions."
174342726,"I don’t recommend working for a big, faceless organisation. My old job was really good to start off with, but then it got sold to a massive American company and everything changed and all my supports left. If you can use any family or friend connections to get work, I recommend it"
176004098,Please don’t be so hard on yourself _AT_MENTION_ These are incredibly stressful times and this can skew one’s thinking to be very self-critical and negative. You’re an incredible person. Sending you a hug!
176004099,I’m not reaching my full potential.
176004100,Welcome to the forum! I’m doing ok this morning. Bored and hungry. Think I’ll go get something to eat.
176004101,Welcome to the forum btw You’ll like it for sure.
176004102,"_AT_MENTION_ PolitiFact - Yes, marijuana can increase the risk of schizophrenia and... The debate over marijuana has lit up in Wisconsin. Gov. _NAME_ proposed legalizing recreational and medical marijuan/>"
176004103,"yea thats true, theres alot of hate crimes going around asians lately in usa."
176004104,Me to 1e13qewww
176004105,Those sound like really good food options. Nice going Blue65
176004106,I choked my dog when I was 8 years old. And people are scared of schizophrenics because they don’t give us a chance. They don’t understand what we go through on a daily. To them we are all psychos.
176004107,_AT_MENTION_ Psychotic Controlled Don’t Know 0 voters
176004108,"Also, that’s not excusing it. It’s still a terrible thing to do and she absolutely shouldn’t have to put up with it. But I’ve done a lot of things I regret when my meds aren’t working right."
176004109,I had sex with my psychiatrist when I was prodromal. That was my thinking then and I have no proof that it didn’t happen. I might never know the truth…
174342733,I take AP and Depakote
176004110,Not telepathy. Its all fake! And you are Not speaking to their subconcious either
174342734,That’s how I feel. Abilify has given me a clear mind. I mean ultra clear. It doesn’t seem natural. I used to be aware of my thoughts but apparently that is a symptom of schizophrenia.
176004111,Patients differ from each other May be we discover medication with no side effect But it may be not so potent to work for some patient therefore Life is not easy May be god bless us with mercy
176004112,Google and click on first link posted an hour ago
176004113,…these days. Don’t leave out the important things when your quoting. It really is isolation on isolation and it’s not fun for so called normal people. Are you ok?
176004114,Almost everyone is messed up in some way. Being messed up is normal. So you’re normal. Better?
176004115,I was taking huge doses of zyprexa. I gained weight. I still had psychosis.
176004116,"Thought broadcasting is my main symptom. Sorry you have to go through this. If I got the broadcasting symptoms it would be a sign of a relapse, for me at least. Maybe it is just a matter of med adjustment though."
176004117,It might be a bad sign that you have withdrawn from people. I don’t know. You could reach out and try to go do something social and see if it makes you feel better. I’m going to start going to art group and see if that makes me feel better.
174342736,I was always a paranoid person in school people used to make fun of me for it but I couldnt help it really
176004118,List them******
176004119,"Man things are settling down: did the breathing like you said. Plus put this plastic thing in my hand - it really, really helped. Thank you so much!"
176004120,"A very contentious night for everybody. There’s always tomorrow, it can be a better day."
176004121,"I hear you. I’m in the same boat, I think I am allowed to work 12 hours a week that includes volunteer with no pay, before I’m cut off everything. It’s just not worth it, because I don’t think I could support myself without my disability"
176004122,It wakes me up. I used to get a bit shaky and paranoid after relapse when I drank. Now it gives me motivation to to the gym
176004123,"I weighed 158.2 lbs. this morning, so, I lost even more. I’m happy about it. Now, to maintain this momentum."
176004124,"Yes, I go to group therapy in my day treatment program and the counselors there really help to solve your problems. I became more assertive about making changes for myself and don’t have much negative thoughts anymore."
176004125,Prescribed for obsessionality and anxiety. Not sure if it helps - 60mg a day
176004126,"Yeah that rings a bell. I recall a bulletin board where so many valentines were given and received. I didn’t receive one but I rejoiced … bc it had to be the teachers doing it, and it said to me, that the teachers kind of thought I would have received one out right. I was a handsome kiddo… They were compensating lesser mortals."
176004127,It’s not without side effects but overall I’m happy with it. Are you still on risperidone _AT_MENTION_? What dose are you on?
176004128,It is! And we’re all here for you.
174342728,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov The Influence of Premorbid Adjustment and Autistic Traits on Social Cognitive Dysfunction in Schizophrenia. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society : JINS , Sep 2019 11 Premorbid dysfunction during childhood and adolescence is well documented in patients with schizophrenia. Literature pointed out multiple premorbid trajectories leading to different patients' cognitive status, symptomatology, and global functioning after disease onset. This study aimed at identifying groups of premorbid trajectories and disentangling between group differences in clinical and cognitive measures, focusing on theory of mind (_NAME_) and autistic traits (ATs).Ninety-seven patients with schizophrenia were recruited and assessed for cognitive and _NAME_ abilities, psychopathology, and ATs. A two-step cluster analysis identified three different groups of patients based on premorbid adjustm
ent during childhood, adolescence, and late adolescence (i.e., stable-good, stable-poor, and ""deteriorating"").Compared to 66 healthy controls, results showed a widespread impairment in cognitive and _NAME_ abilities among all groups of patients, except for affective _NAME_ and executive functions in the stable-good group. Moreover, the stable-poor group exhibited more pronounced ATs and a more severe _NAME_ impairment, compared to the other two groups of patients.Our findings highlight the existence of a group of patients with poor premorbid adjustment since childhood, more pronounced ATs and a severe _NAME_ impairment affecting those basic mentalizing skills that are usually preserved in schizophrenia. Results might have intriguing implications in identifying underpinning endophenotypes and implementing cutting-edge rehabilitation programs."
176004129,"Have you been believing this camera things for over two months? Have you been on the same antipsychotic for over two months? If yes your pdoc may be able to put a stop to this distress with a new antipsychotic, although it may or may not take time for its function to kick in up to two months or so"
176004130,I’m 37 next week but feel like I’m 17
176004131,I feel like when I’m not on meds I laugh so hard at things to point of almost passing out at times lol I also have a really big problem with laughing at times when I shouldn’t but idk if meds are even helping me with that
176004132,Oh gosh thank you !! Means a lot
176004133,"_PERSON_, when _NAME_ is not married to the t.v. like you tried to do with silk flowers, when does anything happen?"
176004134,I didn’t read all this thread but… I think you need a lab and be a chemist
176004135,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176004136,"ah ok thanx for that information.yeah,i have to get in contact with a psychiatrist."
176004137,"Also in my delusions, I’m called Cuauhtemoc by Mexican Intelligence that has been monitoring me. (In my delusions of course) coincidentally those voices advised me not to post further about these delusions heh. Weird eh?"
176004138,It interacts with medication. I love it but stay away from it sadly. I love vodka and grapefruit juice but I stay away from drinking too so…
174342737,Sounds like dissociation. Pretty common with severe depression and anxiety.
176004139,"I was psychotic in the psych hospital and some girl I kind of liked accused me of staring at her all the time. I don’t know maybe I was unintentionally,"
176004140,Sounds like mild paranoia creeping back in.
176004141,Sorry your feet are causing you so much trouble. Maybe a walker would help take some of the pressure off your feet while you first start exorcise again.
174342738,Could be SZ and cognitive symptoms. Yes could be from negative symptoms. If you are on high doses could also be the meds. Doubt if it’s dementia
174342740,"That’s explains why I am suicidal and tried to kill myself. At high school i was overachiever and went to study to abroad, I read a lot of complicated novels in my lifetime. High intellect is really a curse."
176004142,You’re the only one that brought up mass shootings so I don’t know why you’re getting so huffy about it. And I don’t think the “at odds with the founding fathers” defense isn’t going to work in court if you get caught with a gun. Just give it a rest and accept that you can’t own a gun. And your last statement really shows why you shouldn’t be allowed to.
176004143,"I woke up 6pm today after a nap, went to the gym and drank cup of coffee. I want to wake up tomorrow 8pm and no is 10pm. I would have sleepless night, so should I take it?"
174342742,My uncle _PHONE_NO_
176004144,Ambien is meant for sleep…
176004145,Yes. I feel the same way. I do 20 minutes of cardio 5-6 days a week. My days go so much better when I make it into the gym. I wish more people on this site would figure this out…
176004146,It could be so easy.
176004147,"WOW. If this works, it can help me."
176004148,"If you skip “thank you” this is the perfect beginning of a sci fi novel, perhaps written by the french author _NAME_"
176004149,"Sorry I meant what style, what songs. Like is it rock orientated? What kinda rock artists? Or you into jazz etc? I’ve played bass in a couple of bands and I consider that my main instrument. I sing my own songs. Also dabble at guitar/keys but Im not that great at them. Kind of noodle my own way round them and learn my own versions of other people’s songs but I cant play like proper classical pieces on them or anything. I definitely get jealous of contemporary musicians who are more gifted than I. “Why cant that be me” etc. I just dont practice enough and never have."
176004150,I love this. It is very sad but beautiful.
176004151,How are your negatives?
176004152,"Im just going on the information you have presented over the past weeks. No, i cannot “diagnose” - but relating to your experiences in my opinoin you do You simply dont get sectioned and put on forced injections like you said if you havent got it."
176004153,main-qimg-0e750544fe16570642c0c553419b8056684×786 236 KB
176004154,Which AP are you on? Do you think you are getting manic from the med increase? Is this what you are saying?
176004155,"I started hallucinating at 14. I definitely wish I’d gotten proper help at that age, rather than waiting until my life was so screwed up that I was homeless. Maybe not meds, because a lot of medications are unpredictable on bodies that are going through puberty. But I at least wish I’d been taught reality testing and coping skills."
174342744,"Look _AT_MENTION_ , APs are very dangerous and deleterious. However, there are problems like agitation, involuntary movements,intrusive thoughts, psychosis etc that are part of schizophrenia. And if you reject APs, you need to find alternative methods to deal with the symptoms. I have managed to find such alternative methods but my journey is and has been very difficult, and I don’t blame people who take APs."
176004156,"I took a day and smoked as many cigarettes as I wanted. But I counted how many I had. The next 5 days I had 1 less, and then the next 5 days another 1 less and so on until I smoked 1 cigarette a day for 5 days. Then I just quit. There was no withdrawal. Also half way through I switched to light cigarettes. And that was it! I haven’t smoked since"
176004157,Hmm. All I Do Is Share. You Seem Upset For No Actual Reason. Sorry I Can’t Help You To Express Your Personal Disappointment About Your Life. With Any Acceptance By Taking Your Negative Feedback Seriously. Maybe You Could Use A Couple Hours Of Sleep. Or Some Coffee (???).
176004158,Are we conscious when we are in deep sleep?
176004159,en.m.wikipedia.org Problem of induction Core concepts Distinctions Schools of thought
176004160,i feel a bit better… i addressed some recovery aspects and am ok today
176004161,I’m fully negative. I’ll probably will be a master in pessimistic thinking and talking. I neglect most or all things that get offered to me. I just agree out of comfort.
176004162,"Have you ever had your paintings being Shown in a gallery,? I think you can sell them with very good prices, Your paintings heal,"
176004163,"Well, I like ya. Hope I count for something."
176004164,In my opinion 0.5mg is not much to notice a difference.
176004165,I’m so sorry.
176004166,100mg… but this is Dr _PERSON_ about to get me by gaslighting me… I havent got anything wrong me with/
176004167,"Half the battle is how you look. The more normal you look, the better you get treated. I saw a poll a long time ago that when people meet a good looking person compared to an average looking person that most people assume the good looking people are nicer and smarter than the average person even though the average looking person is just as nice and smart."
176004168,I like to stand in the rain.
176004169,Area 51 raiders: “Can’t stop all of us” Area 51 defenders: laughs in 50 caliber Gatlin gun
174342747,Maybe that’s the English way
176004170,"Yep, I already got the mix. I’m supposed to take it in two separate doses."
176004171,It very well could be because I’m in a friendless predicament of four years and I now talk to myself or to an invisible audience. I worry about talking to myself in public. Thanks for listening btw. Even my posts here are generally directed to anyone listening. I’m not sad or anything. My depression is due to depression.
176004172,Oh I see. You can’t?
176004173,"There is a season, turn, turn, turn. There is a reason, turn, turn, turn."
174342761,"Has anyone tried this med off label? It’s being studied currently to see its effect on negative symptoms but it has some good results so far https://www.acadia-pharm.com/pipeline/pimavanserin-schizophrenia-negative-symptoms/ healio.com Adjunctive pimavanserin may improve negative schizophrenia symptoms Adjunctive pimavanserin significantly improved outcomes among patients with predominant negative symptoms of schizophrenia, according to data presented at the American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology Annual Meeting. “Negative symptoms are..."
176004174,Can I interject here? Wear your bedsheets as a toga
176004175,Thought blocking - microchip in left armpit - I forgot what I need to write.
176004176,hi. I wouldn’t think it’d be encouraging to think others think with my head.
176004177,"_AT_MENTION_ I would hate to be made that remark to me. I find that inappropriate. Besides, he’s a psychiatrist, he should understand."
176004178,"and nobody knows what I’ve been through–not my employer, not my clients. When I was in the hospital for a month 12 years ago, some of the providers thought I was “faking” because I seemed so “normal.” Meanwhile I was being constantly tormented by a vicious voice. I had locked myself in the car, in Florida, in July, at the beach, with the windows up, waiting for I don’t know what. Just obeying the “voice.” It convinced me of a lot of awful stuff and I believed it! But was so lucky to be able to sit and think for a few months about everything I was hearing and believing. I think I’ve figured it out, but still doubt my sanity from time to time with thoughts like, “Who do I think I am? If nobody else figured it out, what makes me so special?” Meds never worked. I went from being a house cleaner to earning a masters in social work. If anyone has had a similar experience, I’d love to hear form you. Warm wishes to all of you lovely people!"
176004179,"en.m.wikipedia.org _PERSON_ effect The _PERSON_ effect, also called the _PERSON_ effect, or less commonly, the _PERSON_ effect, is a common psychological phenomenon whereby individuals give high accuracy ratings to descriptions of their personality that supposedly are tailored specifically to them, yet which are in fact vague and general enough to apply to a wide range of people. This effect can provide a partial explanation for the widespread acceptance of some paranormal beliefs and practices, such as astrology, fortune tellin"
176004180,Magnesium citrate or glycine. Ask _AT_MENTION_ Magnesium relaxes muscles.
176004181,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004182,"_AT_MENTION_. It’s related to the pot plant but has a different chemical compound than pot while pot has a lot of thc the stuff that makes you high, true CBD is 0.3 or less thc in it and is mostly CBD and does not make you high but helps people with anxiety and pain _AT_MENTION_. I use to vaped 0 nicotine (vaping CBD does nothing and I mean nothing for me) and still smoke CBD cigarettes"
176004183,i thought my voices were demons
176004184,"Ok, I see… But maybe my fear is from the positive ones? Does somebody else deals with weakness in his extremities because of fear? _PERSON_, I feel like I progressed sometimes in a way, but I cant function with this weakness…"
174342752,"Oh I see, thought you would always take them together. I also had addiction issues, mainly compulsive shopping, from Abilify. I also had hypersexuality from it. I was on 20mg. My negative symptoms were much better on Abilify though. I prefer Vraylar, its a similar med as Rexulti and Abilify, they’re partial dopamine antagonists. Now I am 4mg Risperdal, waiting on Vraylar to become available here by end of this year. Partial dopamine antagonists improve my negative symptoms by a LOT."
176004185,"I should have been medicated since I was hearing violent voices at 15 y.o. It gradually became worse until I nearly killed myself from the voices during my first psychosis at 20 y.o. I was ignored by 3 Drs saying my voices are from stress. I asked for a psychiatrist referral, its required here to see one, they refused. Free healthcare sucks. These Drs nearly killed me, I am still mad at them. My 1st psychosis was the worst because I did what the voices told me, kill yourself because you’re God."
176004186,I bought the online play for around $7 when ot was on Steam. Kinda slow paced but it wasn’t that bad.
176004187,they intend to use their powers to give the entire race an anal probe but…
176004188,Hello My affirmation today is seeing your _PERSON_ skills on display. And know your probably a …?
174342754,"Yeah, no way I could afford to survive alone on disability. I’m lucky to have great inlaws and a great partner. Right now we’re surviving on just my disability income and it’s rough."
176004189,"_PERSON_ always wanted me in therapy calls with him. Until he found a therapist he actually liked. Now he can have me wait outside without a fuss. I would recommend having her ask the therapist before joining the call. Kids need their privacy, but they also sometimes feel safer with parents around. Do you talk to her openly about your own therapy, so she knows what is normal therapy and what is a sign her therapist sucks?"
176004190,"Yes its evil thoughts, I believe people are watching me so I think evil things. I cant help it. And yes this forum is very supportive ."
174342756,"Hi! I’m new to the forum. I was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder after I had some psychotic symptoms. These symptoms started appearing around the same time I was dosing with 20g of reishi extract from Hyperion Herbs. I was wondering if anyone on this forum has experience with such high doses of reishis, and whether or not it cause psychosis, not unlike a stimulant such as methamphetamine."
176004191,"I think most people consider it rude to press for details about a person’s medical history. Given that, simply saying “I don’t want to talk about it” should quiet most everyone up on the subject."
176004192,Cool ill check that out thanks
176004193,"engagement offers engagement, just saying."
176004194,"That’s not for movement problems, Benzatropine is."
174342759,I take Abilify and suffered horrible anxiety as a side effect. Now my doctor has me on Klonopin to combat the anxiety and it seems to be working very well.
176004195,"I already have a lot of scars on my arms, legs, belly… What should I do to distract myself from these thoughts"
176004196,"I’ve been eating a lot of soup lately, because I’m very dehydrated."
176004197,"It’s really difficult to prove the existence of others, being as real as me. Others are a problem for me. Since childhood I was obsessed with God. I was praying and I was feeling this unique relationship between me and Him. I thought we are One, playing the game of Two. Only me and Him are real. So other beings are like robots, soulless, only externally resembling real beings. Please don’t flag me for talking about God. God here is part of my “delusions”"
176004198,So. 1.) What Coping Skills Do You Own in Order to Seek And Discover Inspiration (???). 2.) What Inspires You (???). 3.) Your Answers Can Be as Short or as Wordy as You Would Like Them to Be… . …
176004199,We’ve done this over and over and you just ignore it and keep posting the same crap topic repeatedly. You’re wrecking the signal to noise ratio of the forum.
176004200,You’re absolutely right _AT_MENTION_ . I should have known better.
176004201,So its not akathisia?
176004202,You should stop using it then.
176004203,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !
176004204,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov A new somatic-type delusional disorder subtype: delusion inversus. _PERSON_ and A _PERSON_, Dermatology online journal, Oct 2019 15 The interplay between psychiatric and dermatologic conditions has been recognized for decades as evidenced by the widely accepted classification system of psychocutaneous disorders: (1) primary dermatologic disorder with psychiatric sequelae, (2) primary dermatologic disorder exacerbated by stress, (3) primary psychiatric disorder with dermatologic sequelae, and (4) miscellaneous. However, there is minimal literature regarding dermatologic patients who demonstrate a preoccupation with a more severe cutaneous disorder despite evidence confirming a diagnosis of a minor, treatable skin condition. These patients are a hybrid of the first and fourth categories and should be classified under a new entity known as delusion inversus. These patients have a primary dermatologic condition; however, they believe their condition to be more severe and malignant than 
it is, despite evidence to the contrary. Their beliefs are pathological and analogous to delusion disorder somatic type. Given the scarcity of data concerning delusion inversus, the epidemiology, diagnosis, and management of the disorder as described in this review is extrapolated from reported cases of delusion disorder and delusion disorder somatic-type. Often these patients will present to a non-psychiatric, outpatient clinic for medical care. Thus, it is imperative that dermatologists are able to identify the condition and manage the patient appropriately."
176004205,I have it as a prn to help me sleep
176004206,If i go my family is marked with shame.
176004207,Eros and death in _PERSON_
176004208,nice !! I love it. makes me want to get out my markers !!
176004209,_AT_MENTION_ I don’t actually remember but it’s been over a Yeah and a half to two years.
176004210,IMG_20210210_1029283840×5120 2.43 MB
176004211,That’s certainly a risk if you go off your meds.
176004212,"Good start. I’m writing, or attempting to write a novel myself. Good Luck."
176004213,"Night time it really feels like I am just forcing myself to sleep. I am not actually sleepy I’m just sort of utilizing my narcolepsy and sleeping and sleeping if that makes sense. I start getting so many crazy dreams doing that. Anyways I also just learned that my issues with perfectionism and troubles doing literally anything are symptoms of trauma. Big surprise (sarcasm) but it feels validating to read about nonetheless. Still like let me count all the ways my ptsd has screwed me over, oh my God."
176004214,"I’m sympathetic, but I would like to add: Perhaps the ability to focus and think well is stratified in society. There are different types of people. While thinking well is one of the most important things in life, what of those who can’t? More to the point, I hope the difficulty understanding is a temporary thing perhaps caused by some sort of mental hold on you. I hope you are not having some sort of illness by this."
176004215,Thanks for the replies guys.
176004216,It will pass are you taking meds if not please get on them its easier to deal with the delusions when on meds.
176004217,"Work 2 job at the moment one Self Employed the other Part Time in a shop but I had to ask to leave work early today 3pm instead of usual 6pm.As I was having terrible shakes and generally feeling unwell due to nasty side effects of Latuda/Lurasidone.Got an appointment with GP on Tuesday for separate issue, but you get bet your bottom dollar I will be bringing this up aswell.Can’t have the side effects of this AP effecting my bread and butter!"
174342773,Have you tried Clozapine?
176004218,"not all the time, but when she does I really don’t know how to cope. Anyhow, she is a great mum"
176004219,"Just called in to have my tramadol counted at the doctor’s office and a pee test. N Y is cracking down on opioid addiction. Lucky for me I kicked my addiction before now. I had been taking too much, now taking exactly as prescribed. It sucked with withdrawals, but now i am not in pain and being responsible."
176004220,just wondering what you all watch on tv. tv is triggering for me sometimes and i dont watch much
176004221,"The point I’m making about volunteer work is that it’s difficult to nearly impossible to get married, have kids, buy houses in a decent part of town, buy a good car, or do many things normal people do if that’s all you do all of your life unless you find a “sugar daddy”, or “sugar mommy” to do it for you or your relatives support you. Volunteer jobs make you feel better about yourself, and yes they’ll keep you in better mental and physical shape but they don’t pay the bills. Congratulations to the 25% of you 50 and older who took the poll so far. Theoretically you beat the odds."
174342763,"According to MWT and stuff, there are infinite amount of parallel worlds or world-lines or earths and versions of you and me. I guess I was supposed to be _NAME_ or a doctor in one of my first lives. I don’t know what happened to me. Maybe I never made it that far in life. The aliens definitely said I could have or should have been a doctor instead of other things like a finance guy or scientist. I never had what it took to be a scientist as evidenced in this life by my failure in higher level mathematics and especially physics where I was horrible at. I never figured out what happened to me in my first life, what my first life was like, and all that crap. Was I a doctor or an engineer or a failed physicist or whatever? Did I have schizophrenia in every life I ever had? So what. So what if I had schizophrenia in high school in my early past lives. I still could have made it or recovered enough to be a doctor – perhaps. Or maybe I never lived that long or made it that far. I still have nightmare
s of my past lives measured in the thousands or millions or more. I’m pretty sure I was supposed to be _NAME_ and that I wanted to help people and be a doctor. I’ve been getting visions constantly probably from the illness. Like I constantly think of Lost and then think of different characters. I was getting visions of having a tattoo on my arm similar to _PERSON_ and a lot of the scenes remind me of _NAME_. I also think I had a play or part in the TV show being created. Not just that but I think I became obsessed and sick with the show to the point in that I studied it like a religious zealot would and rejected Christ early on in my multiple lives. I’ve even felt like _NAME_ and MiB from Lost. I remember in one of my past lives still that a reddit user said I’m a lot like _PERSON_, which makes a ton of sense and isn’t necessarily a bad thing. If Lost is about me and my different lives and characters it makes sense or is designed to confuse people including myself. It’s driving me crazy lol. _PERS
ON_ and I are both overweight and schizophrenic and the curse is designed to protect me and my family. I wouldn’t be too surprised if I won the lottery in a past life. I don’t really recall a lot of stuff. Obviously, there are differences like the lack of an island per se and having friends or people in my life and that I don’t have curly hair and I’m not Hispanic. But I do have a neck beard right now and I think I mostly resemble the actor _NAME_ from Lost. I’m confident I’ll have a big black beard in a few years and my hair is already greying pretty badly. I have often felt like _NAME_ even though I was never special and was told I wasn’t special – frankly. I’ve even emphasized and was convinced or wanted to be _NAME_ and I despised and hated _NAME_ from Lost. I used to be in a wheelchair a few times and other mishaps and confusions. I thought my sister said I was _NAME_ and she hated me in a past life. I wrote her a letter about simulation theory and how I wished she would believe me and 
I was depressed. Nobody did. I was schizophrenic at the time. Same thing with _PERSON_. Some girl (friend) wrote me a letter or two but it wasn’t 8 years later. It was a few years later. It’s possible I’ve taken on different roles in my life and even pretended, wanted to be, and copied different parts and mannerisms and personality traits of the characters in the show. I don’t want to repeat what I’ve been saying for years and weave other ideas and stories together. This isn’t the only TV show I think is about me. There are a ton of others. I don’t think it’s _NAME_ Show Syndrome but I definitely think the powers at be or the so-called aliens/Illuminati make TV shows out of me and possibly others as a way to make money and other things. I know nobody cares about if I was a doctor or not except me. Frankly, nobody really gives a ???? about me or what I do in life. I was told that I was an investment banker in my first life which is shocking and that in every damn life I’ve ever had I had schi
zophrenia. So I was a schizophrenic investment banker lol. I don’t have the personality and I hate marketing so it’s hard to fathom. I’m pretty much burnt out. Sadly, past life careers and jobs don’t relate and don’t follow into this reality for government benefits and the like."
176004222,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I’ll try to appreciate my ever-changing body.
176004223,I got an offer today to be a mission planning specialist for an aircraft squadron in _NAME_ today. It pays really well. About twice as much as I am making working for the government. It’s a government contract job I have to use my security clearance for this job and get some kind of IT certification in 6 months. I told them I will talk it over with the wife and give them an answer this week.
176004224,Because I am bi? I couldn’t honestly care less what others think I think.
176004225,"Because what you are saying is that I am doing something wrong and if I have done something wrong, I have to apologize."
176004226,"I like the online play it was pretty fun, not the best but pretty good."
176004227,I have Mr _PERSON_ who uses my mouth to speak gibberish
174342764,Yeah I’ve been sleeping in my street clothes recently. Going to make a big effort changing into pajamas. Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I have a hard time differentiating between negative symptoms and depression also _AT_MENTION_
176004228,Thanks for locking that topic _AT_MENTION_. The matter is settled and it’s possible to lock this topic as well if you wish.
176004229,You can take fmla for appointments.
176004230,Right now 192 lbs
176004231,If you wake up they’ll put you back to sleep
176004232,is Greece still very warm?
176004233,8 months. They were lucky to have me.
174342778,"What other AP’s have you tride? Clozapine is often effective when others have failed, there isn’t another on it’s level. You could look into a med for OCD."
174342768,"That’s called “thought broadcasting” and “ideas of reference” (the thing with the synchronicities.) They are pretty metaphysical phenomena, but ultimately, good treatment reduces the likelihood of these things happening. What seems to make sense is that the chronically inflamed brain (which is being hypothesized as the cause for schizophrenia) produces too much adrenaline out of stress, which ends up pooling in the brain due to the inflammation inhibiting its metabolization, causing it to oxidize and form “adrenochrome”, which is a potent psychedelic and basically makes you trip 24/7. The harder you’re “tripping” (the worse the inflammation is, in other words,) the more likely it is you’ll experience that metaphysical stuff."
174342765,"My mom has schizophrenia. On the haldol she was struggling with her faith in God, I think that’s why she went off of it possibly. She’s been unmedicated now for about three months. She decided to become vegetarian, she’s listening to music and watching less tv. My dad has been working to reach her because he doesn’t want to lose her again to the madness. She was sick for 9 years straight, and it took hospitalization and a step down unit for her to come back to herself. Having family members visiting has seemed to definitely help keep her stable and grounded. The music seems to help too. She wouldn’t talk to my dad at first but now she’s talking to him again and not mad at him or paranoid as much. She seems ok. To me that’s a miracle. It would be nice if she could keep her faith in God and live a healthy unmedicated life maybe science will have a breakthrough in treatment one day and find a cure or something that will help people without them feeling so disconnected…there is no magic 
pill for it, but keeping the environment stable and safe is probably the most important factor from experience, low stress and a stable environment."
176004234,"This may sound crazy but maybe being nice to the voices, playing with them, and throwing in a few jokes might eventually help make them more livable. Unfortunately for that to work for me I still had to take my meds."
174342766,"I have real short sleeps on abilify but it also gives me alot of energy. I sleep for 3 hours at a time mostly. I also feel hungover when i wake up, but it passes after an hour or so. Good luck with it."
176004235,"So I read a chapter of my introductory text to health economics just now. It’s starting to make sense. However, I was supposed to read it last Saturday, so I’m six days late. I still need to read the next five pages of the core text. Thank you."
174342770,Just remember the minimum dose of abilify is 10mg.
176004236,Thats sweet. I miss my _NAME_
176004237,"Yeah, loneliness is so hard to deal with. I’m blessed to have family"
176004238,My doctor won’t give me stimulants because it might make my anxiety worse. But my negative symptoms are horrible.
176004239,I used to have what I thought was “great” hearing. I’d listen to conversations without being an original participant and then break in with an observation of my own. I was always on the outside looking in. Now a days I wonder if some of my delusions came from when people who felt I was ease dropping too much deliberately put false information in their conversations to mess me up. I have no proof of this and it’s true it may really have been my mind putting in information that otherwise didn’t exist. But sometimes I wonder.
176004240,"I’m the same I see things out of the corner of my eye, mostly a black dot. I also thought I saw a bird once in my kitchen I had to duck to avoid it. I also hear whispers when normal and faint voices when stressed"
176004241,Thanks everhopeful.
176004242,Most of the time I enjoy staying up late. Most people are asleep. So it kind of gives you privacy. It is comforting and soothing when you stay up late. I don’t why.
176004243,I have depressive type so I don’t experience mania. I’m totally dumb and mostly non functioning 99% of the time. The other percent is doing something for a few weeks and then sliding back down again. I guess I drink caffeine because I chase those feelings of mania.
176004244,I’m glad you only shoot with a camera. Your aim is scaringly good
176004245,"Seriously, that’s AMAZING!! Great job, you! What kind of work do you do?"
176004246,I know what you mean daze. If you tell them your beliefs and theories they up your meds. Or they do mine. It’s a known fact they do experiments but hide under the covers when I call them out on it
176004247,Huh. That’s a strange question to have been asked. Well maybe it’s not strange but I’ve never come across that one. Good on you for not smoking. Those are all super valid reasons. I’m with you on all of them. Especially the “expensive” one. Cigs add up fast?
176004248,Do you have OCD ?
176004249,"Review the following carefully. I will be enforcing to the letter from now on, when I am on. This serves to notify my fellow mods as well. Site User Guidelines: Our web community actively encourages the following values: Respect and Compassion In order to encourage respect and compassion in our web community, we ask that community members refrain from telling others how they should live their lives (e.g., “get rid of that person” or “get off that medication”). We believe that feedback or advice is most helpful if it is offered as a suggestion or through an example of a personal experience. This teaching by personal example is much more respectful to others than direct advice giving. Trust We want our web community to be a gathering place for sincere, helpful people whose wisdom you can trust. That is why our staff will routinely remove messages that promote false claims of miraculous cures or other untruths. Since trust is so important, we do not allow members posting with 2 separate identi
ties (posing as 2 different individuals). Any member doing this will be banned from our community. Specific Guidelines • No Posts Concerning Imminent Suicide This support community is an inappropriate resource for those who are imminently at risk of harming themselves or others. These are medical emergencies that require immediate psychiatric care from trained professionals. Unfortunately, some individuals are chronically suicidal and repeatedly post “farewell” suicide notes to our community. We appreciate that such suicidal posts are a “cry for help”, but these posts about imminent suicide are extremely upsetting for our other members. Since our members are totally anonymous, we lack the ability to locate the member who posts a suicidal “farewell” letter. Thus the posting of a “farewell” suicide note serves no purpose, other than to seriously upset our entire community. • Ethical Behavior Our community believes in “The Golden Rule” (that we should treat others the way we want them to 
treat us). Thus members writing to condone unethical behavior (e.g., genocide, murder, violence, hatred) will be banned from our community. • Anonymity Our members join our community to share with other people living with similar illnesses. Because many of our forums are public, we must keep our identities completely anonymous. In that way, we can discuss the role our significant others play in our lives without publicly embarrassing them. Likewise, we keep anonymous so that teachers, employers, fellow students or coworkers can not “Google” and identify our community posts. To protect your anonymity, members should not communicate with each other off this site. We ask that members not exchange phone numbers or meet in person. Our experience is that these ‘offsite’ relationships can be disastrous (especially when one member becomes pathologically dependent or manipulative towards the other). Basically - be careful. If you ever meet anyone offline - be sure that a friend or family member has full info
rmation about the person you are meeting - phone number, email address, and information like that. • Friendship, Not Romance This is not a social networking website to meet new romantic partners. In fact, we strongly caution against romances between community members. We ask that member-to-member romantic messages and/or lover’s quarrels not be posted. We believe that it is an invasion of privacy to have our community read member-to-member love letters. There are web sites that focus on dating for the mentally ill - such as http://www.nolongerlonely.com/ that we encourage you to visit if you are looking for romance. • Members Preying On Other Members Certain predatory individuals join self-help groups to prey on vulnerable members. These individuals initially “sound good”. They may even read self-help books to improve their false public image of being a compassionate, understanding community member. Their real goal is to meet other members in person to prey on their emotional vulnerabilities in orde
r to get status, money or sex. To prevent this, we ask that you never reveal your real identity or meet with another member in person. Psychiatrically, it is extremely risky to meet other members in person for the purpose of romance. • Sobriety and Substance Abuse We ask that you only post when you are not under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Additionally, discussions of drug and alcohol abuse that is not recovery oriented, is not allowed in these forums. Research shows that drug and alcohol abuse greatly reduce people’s ability to recover from mental illness and we are a recovery-oriented website. • Democracy Our community is simply a group of friends giving and getting feedback from each other. We try to run our site democratically. We do have an administrative staff, but they are often busy elsewhere with their duties. • Our Community Guidelines Our Community Guidelines are fairly enforced by our administrative staff. Unfortunately, our administrators don’t have the time to read every post. T
hus our administrators rely on our members to direct them to those posts which need administrative attention. • Suggestion, Not Criticism Our members ask first if their advice is wanted before giving it to another member. This way, members can decide when they are ready to hear advice and feedback. We have learned that feedback or advice is most helpful if it is offered as a suggestion or through an example of a personal experience, but not as a criticism. • Drama Our administrative staff will actively discourage “drama” in our community. Please trust our administrator’s judgment in this regard. • Religious Discussions We know that many people who have experienced mental illness find comfort and healing in belonging to a religion. Unfortunately, many people with psychotic disorders experience delusions of a religious character, and some have had traumatic experiences with religion or with attempts to heal their illness through religious activities such as exorcism. To facilitate recovery, and to m
ake this a safe place for everyone, we ask that users avoid mentioning their beliefs. We also ask that users not get into discussions about their own or others’ beliefs, or lack of belief, as many would find this hurtful or offensive. • The Debate About Abortion Many of our members have strong religious convictions concerning abortion. Thus we ask that our members respect each other’s differing points of view regarding abortion. Specifically, we ask that members not debate the topic of abortion in our communities. • Banned Activities It is our policy to warn anyone showing flagrant disrespect e.g., foul language, and to delete their disrespectful posting. If this disrespect persists, the member is banned from the community. Likewise, we will warn anyone showing religious intolerance , and delete their intolerant posting. If this religious intolerance persists, the member is banned from the community. No advertisements (for research subjects, support for special projects, or commercial enterprises), or 
internet links to web sites promoting these activities are allowed. If someone has a research project that they want to publicize - then email the administrator at szwebmaster at yahoo dot com - and if the posting is accepted, one of the moderators will post the message. Unfortunately, we do not allow links to other, non-English speaking websites (because we can’t determine their content). • Keeping “On Topic” We have many forums; each forum discusses a specific topic. In that way, members can join discussions that are specifically relevant to their needs. Sometimes a member accidentally posts something that would be better located in another forum. Our administrative staff will then transfer that post to the more appropriate forum. We Are Not A Substitute For Professional Care We encourage you to see your psychiatrist or psychologist or other mental health care person for help if you have having a challenging time. Due to the extremely large number of users and messages posted - we do not have the mo
derator “manpower” and “womanpower” to tell every person why their message has been deleted - but it it is, its because one of the moderators felt it violated the spirit or the terms of the guidelines below. We hope we don’t have to do it very frequently - but occasionally we do have to delete messages, and on rare occasion ban the repeat offenders. The administrators tell me that so far we have only banned a few users - of the tens of thousands of visitors - and it is only when someone repeatedly violates the rules and shows lack of respect for the community. No Swearing Please refrain from using any vulgar language that would offend someone else. Shortcuts to vulgar language does not constitute no swearing. No Personal Insults/Abuse This site is provided to you for free, and you are free to disagree with other posters, but if you stoop to personal abuse or attacks, your post(s) will be deleted. If you ARE insulted then report the post…PLEASE do NOT retaliate. If you do retaliate you are no bette
r then the abuser and you too will treated as an abuser as stated above. Retaliation by anyone against another is in no way showing any respect for yourself, the person who offended you, nor the rest of the readers of the forums. No Repeat Posts If no-one answers your question, bump it rather than posting it again and please don’t post the same question in every forum, just the most appropriate one. Reading the same thing over and over again is the best way to annoy people and the worst way to get answers. No Illegal Suggestions Please no pointers, how-tos, advocating etc of any illegal activity, including (but not restricted to) getting illegal drugs, telling people to do illegal activities, etc. these are our rules, but there are laws and punishment in ALL countries regarding this issue. What is PR0N? Please, no pornographic material nor pointers to it. For those that do not know what PR0N stands for, switch the R and 0 around and you will understand. Spam/Pimping This refers to the use of this site as a 
redirector or gateway to another site for the purpose of collecting click benefits. This also includes, but is not limited to, the following: Sites/Schemes where the affiliate obscures or misleads members and The use of Private Messages, email, signatures, and forum posts, via this forum, where the sole purpose is to solicit membership. (i.e. Usage of member lists and publically accessible personal information contained within these forums). Although there are times when a link to another site is necessary for helping or answering a question, this site reserves the right to determine what is and is not SPAM or PIMPING"
176004250,Same with me. It’s the audio and visual hallucinations that I struggle with most. I’ve been doing pretty well recently.
176004251,"Yes i used to be on prozac, it helped me with intrusive thoughts"
176004252,"Thank you lady, I’m so happy. I was doubting I could do this, now I know I’m going to. You can do once you break the cycle. It takes a few days, then it gets easier. It’s like a drug withdrawal."
176004253,i hope they don’t change my meds again as i’m doing ok right now…
176004254,"In the last couple months I had a particularly bad spot where I got taken to the emergency room 3 times. I just about begged them to take me to the hospital but they wouldn’t. I had to figure out what was wrong with my medication on my own. But otherwise no when I’m doing well I want anything but the hospital, the hospital has always been very traumatic for me."
176004255,nice poem! 151515
176004256,"im single without kids. it’s ok but I would prefer to have a women. I’ve had enough me time. also sometimes I think I would like a kid, but it adds a lot more responsibility. I don’t think i’d be the greatest dad when they are little, I have nieces and nephews but I’ve never changed a diaper. I think once the kid was past the diapers stage I would enjoy it."
176004257,green i just love it
174342775,No. 15 characters
176004258,What did change and what did you do?
174342783,"This is a link about Sunovion Pharm. presentations from May 2, 2019. It mentions it hopes for a Phase 3 trial start of SEP-363856 within the next year. Sunovion comments May 2, 2019 “The Phase 3 program for SEP-363856 is expected to be initiated in FY2019 (April 1, 2019 – March 31, 2020).”"
176004259,im not sure if its healthy of me or not honestly… im not sure of much tho.
176004260,"Me too, but my memory and thinking aren’t good at all anymore"
176004261,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004262,Haha aw thanks _AT_MENTION_.
176004263,"I am listening to music with an online friend. I don’t have plans for today, I’m just gonna stay inside"
174342777,"Okay. I understand the distinction between what you understand to be a recovery and a full recovery. Your inferences regarding people becoming healthy, yet in your experience remaining unhealthy, may be incorrect. This is because you are not a doctor and you don’t possess enough “experience”. You are at a forum where the sample of people with Schizophrenia you meet are “biased”. People who have ongoing issues are more inclined to remain at the forums (with all due respect to them). Doctors say that a small percentage of people “fully” recover over time. Nash is a famous case. His Schizophrenia mitigated without medications and he may have fully recovered. Nobody can say, for sure, though. Interestingly, he claimed that the Mathematical ideas came to him in the same way that earlier delusions in his life came to him. I think that implies that there were remnants of his illness. Nevertheless, though, Doctors do claim that there is such a thing as “full recovery”."
176004264,"Get exercise equipment so you can exercise without going out. If you have time to play video games and be on the internet, then you have time to take care of your health. Figure out ways you can take care of yourself without stepping out of your comfort zone. If you motivate yourself, it will help you feel much better. Self care is so important. It is more important than anything else, because you can’t help others before you care for yourself. It’s not selfish to improve yourself."
176004265,i believe it bcoz i have experienced it. its like this that whenever i see something or read something or come across something today then after a couple of days i encounter the same things in some other environment or situation
176004266,Without the internet I don’t even know it’s Mother’s Day.
176004267,It’s a really nice poem. I enjoyed reading it. Try to do more like this
176004268,2 kilos is nothing. Unless you out on 10kg or more there’s really not much reason for concern. 2kg isn’t even visible. Wouldn’t you rather be functional on meds than thin and sick?
176004269,Thank you _AT_MENTION_ !
174342779,"Try Risperdal first then Clozapine. They’re the 2 strongest meds, Clozapine is #1, Risperdal is #4 according to Wikipedia but Clozapine may have dangerous side effects like weakened immune system from reduced white blood cells similar to HIV. You need frequent blood tests for Clozapine, weekly at first."
176004270,I love when stuff like that happens. Glad you were able to get it at the clearance price.
176004271,"en.m.wikipedia.org Schadenfreude Schadenfreude (/????d?nfr??d?/; German: [??a?dn??f????d?] (listen); lit. 'harm-joy') is the experience of pleasure, joy, or self-satisfaction that comes from learning of or witnessing the troubles, failures, or humiliation of another. Schadenfreude is a complex emotion, where rather than feeling sympathy toward someone's misfortune, schadenfreude evokes joyful feelings that take pleasure from watching someone fail. This emotion is displayed more in children than adults. However, adults also expe..."
176004272,Hi _AT_MENTION_. I agree with the others. You should probably talk to your pdoc about how you take the Abilify. I take mine religiously everyday… 25mgs. I struggle with social functioning as well. Even with close family. It’s a roller-coaster ride… Some days are better than others. I don’t have any advice on this accept to take it one day at a time.
176004273,I can see how empathy can be a right pain. I have pain syaesthesia and my empathy for other’s pain causes me a pain in the testicles literally. It is noted that those with high levels of empathy are more likely to have this awkward synaethesia.
176004274,Your not a british Citizen then? Sorry i assumed you was. Im not sure of the rules of people settling in the uk.
174342774,"I think he is incorrectly dxd as schizo athymhormia as schizo needs some kind of positive symptoms either delusion or hallucination. Negative symptoms can arise from various other disorders like bipolar, parkinson, athymhormia like this etc."
176004275,that’s a nice poem =)
176004276,I pay for a decent computer antivirus system and never had an issue. I need that reassurance because my paranoia and the internet often isn’t a good mix. Gives me some peace of mind.
174342772,_AT_MENTION_ I finished 5/6 semesters of my university degree while on Abilify after my diagnosis. The first semester was done before psychosis while the rest I did while on Abilify. I have my physiotherapy degree now.
176004277,"I do, but I don’t always live for it. I pray, and serve the purpose, but also do other stuff and forget God when I’m occupied with my own stuff."
176004278,i havent worked out the details haha. i just want to run around half naked and party it up at machu pichu (spelling?)
176004279,"What’s the reason for divorce? I am socially anxious,now at my wife’s hometown and house,I couldn’t pick up the courage to go out of the room as I am very uncomfortable.I am worried my wife will be frustrated at my behaviour and leave. I had provided a lot of money for her and some for her family during lockdown and my family will also give her some pay for helping them if she come back to malaysia"
176004280,"The meaning of the cross is the four directions of the compass, the four dimensions of relativity, it is divide and rule, for fixing matter in its place, and based on an inescapable mathematical fact of topology. This is the reason the _NAME_ empire used it to test criminals and would be messiahs, but as you say, the religious stories are not really relevant."
174342780,When exactly did you ask God to bestow you with muscular dystrophy and then schizophrenia?
174342785,"It is unbelievable to me, that you are that ignorant of what causes schizophrenia. Those are the types of things that cause it. I have always felt there was a lot of gaslighting on this site. I don’t need to be on this forum anymore. I asked a long time ago, to have my account removed, but no one ever did."
174342788,Women are easy target’s
176004281,I dont hear voices or hallucinate
176004282,Oh what is that with regards to actual food?
174342782,_AT_MENTION_ I suppose that as exemplified by _AT_MENTION_ that if you get a job as a matter of priority then the rest follows. It is certainly more likely to.
176004283,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for everything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Projec
t — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176004284,Yes I start to hear things when I get too stressed about things. Only whispers and faint voices though
176004285,58D9452C-C51E-48F7-8CE4-2A052C34229F.jpeg 3264×2448 827 KB
176004286,"Ive definatley done it in the past. Having piles of food in the freezer,yet not eating for 5 days - prefering the liquid diet of beer and smoking weed. Hygiene can be a problem for me as well, i dont bath as often as i should. Ive never been a big eater anyway - to this day i struggle to keep the weight on."
176004287,Glad your feeling better!
176004288,"You’ll be fine, _NAME_, don’t worry. Me, I took 11 aps in ten years, which was way too much, but its more the illness who damaged me. It also happened to me to take two aps in once, but for one night just, its not a problem ."
176004289,The piece of paper wasn’t big enough
176004290,"I have catatonia when unmedicated. I freeze for up to 30 min, my parents hit me and yell at me but I don’t react, no talk and no movement. Even my eyes are frozen, fixed gaze for up to 30 min. It happened many times in a day everyday."
176004291,I see my pdoc once every three months without fail. She refuses to write a script for more than three months at a time and won’t renew it without seeing me. Despite the fact that I’ve been on the same exact meds for nearly six years and my dose hasn’t changed in two.
176004292,I think calling her and getting an emergency appointment is the best idea. If she can’t get you in go to the hospital. You shouldn’t have to suffer like that. I’d also recommend finding a new pdoc since this one admittedly doesn’t know how to help you. Find one with good ratings
174342789,Didn’t go so good for me and ended up having to move back to zyprexa. It’s not really an easy thing because we all react differently to medications. Always good to have a good shrink. They get an idea of how you are doing from talking to you and seeing how the meds work…and…it pays to be proactive in your health and ask these kinda questions and learn everything you can.
176004293,My husband (most of the time lol!) My parents My sister You guys!
174342786,"Hearing voices is what _NAME_ the distinction for me. You can’t pretend not to have that one. It sounds like it could just be depression. I don’t get delusions or paranoia anymore personally, just hallucinations and negative symptoms… as in it’s hard to focus or concentrate like I used to."
176004294,How did you get into this?
176004295,"Tbh my problem is sleeping well at night.Also some social anxiety.The last time I went back to the doctor he asked me if I want meds only or psychotherapy and I chose meds,I cannot think properly in front of the doctor,and now I regret…I am seven months continuously taking meds.My problem is insomnia,antipsychotic hasn’t help,I googled that there is a sleep clinic and doctor nearby,I am thinking of going to one and see if he can help"
176004296,"Hi again What is a true friend? Someone who sends jokes about balance issues, alcohol and other weird stuff. I mean I have a friend who knows I have had a hard time of it and yet these jokes I dont like. I feel very strongly she is trying to upset me or be smart with me. Maybe it’s my illness telling me that, but I sense these jokes she gets from other people and then sent to me is to cause me upset. I used to be an alcoholic she knows this and knows I have balance issues, and sending me these are causing me to get annoyed . Maybe she thinks no harm, but I sense she knows I dont like these. It’s only recently I got back with her because I was house bound for two years and didnt hear much from her. We used to be good friends but I always felt she wanted to upset me in certain ways. Now that we talk a bit more, she is sending me these so called jokes. A true friend I doubt it. I’m annoyed with her but then I used to get annoyed with her in the past as well. She doesn’t talk to me much about m
y illness only that smart comments like, my family is crazy anyway, said as a joke but I feel another meaning behind it. Maybe I’m all wrong here, but I sense she is trying to annoy me and I dont like it. She and her husband said I lost two years of my life, I know that, I dont have to be told that. I was in a desperate place and didn’t want friendships then, and that perhaps annoyed them. I’m no angel but, I sense these people are just trying to upset me and asking personal questions that is none of their business, such as what money is coming into my home. I am ill and its like well, talk about every day stuff, like what my husband makes in taxi driving. He makes very little over covid as well. They know this, but ask anyway. I dont ask them what money they are making or nothing like that. They talk about being taxed and that the government are a load of rubbish. I dont think that, and then arguing starts. I’m sure they think I’m very opinated but I think our country is doing ok compared to other 
poor countries and they always say, they are entitled to nothing, that’s not my problem. I’ve gained weight and I told her I will try to lose it. _PERSON_ thoughts she texted me. Never once did I comment on her weight when she was heavy. Now she is lighter, I praised her. I dont get people. I mean why would anyone say, slim thoughts. Am I overaccting here."
176004297,"yea but they gave me credit no questions ask, they ask whats reason i gave them a reason and they gave me credit. but is 10 too many. its kind of suscipsious dont you think or im just thinking too much."
176004298,Ah okay. Hope he appreciated it.
176004299,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176004300,Way to give back _AT_MENTION_.
176004301,I am British
176004302,I’m moving to the Alps in France to start my second year masters thesis working with the CEA! Once covid-19 is over the hump at least lol. I’m feeling like a bigshot rn! Thank you guys so much for all the support youve given me at my low points in the last year and my battle with addiction. It means so much to me!
176004303,_AT_MENTION_ I know _AT_MENTION_ has a recipe for making yeast from flour or potatoes. She might be able to help you.
174342791,Yes I can continue with Klonopin
176004304,I have a very similar one. It’s awful.
174342797,"It’s okay _AT_MENTION_ sometimes our negative symptoms attack at the most random times, try to take it slowly and build habits even if its hard, take it a step at a time. Maybe all the emotions lead to a burnout of some sort? I wish I could give you a definite answer but time and perseverance. I wish you the best _NAME_."
176004305,"There is no freedom, but there are freedoms worth fighting for."
174342796,Also interested if there’s people here doing alkaline water and if it has affected their schizophrenia.
176004306,"This lingo called “PANSS”, why dont they add cognitive symptoms to it ?"
176004307,I assume you asked your mother and she told you she couldn’t breast feed you?
176004308,_AT_MENTION_-A-Sketch how did it go for you?
176004309,"I am about $150 for spending each month after all bills are paid I get by on thrift stores, food stamps and dollar tree … I guess I’m ok though I have everything I possibly need, was thinking about getting a kitten as I spend lots of time at home — breaking even isn’t as bad as debt"
176004310,Getting political religious paranormal or illegal drugs sometimes alcohol and cigarettes as canabis is not permitted. I get flagged and suspended. I don’t want that. I stay a sample member of this forum.
176004311,"I’ve had proof I’m psychic, but not for many years. Voices predicted the future, told me things people were thinking. I never had the ability to see the future. I think most of my voices are me, the unconscious. _NAME_ heard voices and even believed one or two were not a product of his own mind. I swear it’s true! Fact check it if you want. It’s not going to make me insane to believe the same. In the hospital I caught a glimpse of a beautiful girl I’d been with in like another realm. I caught the glimpse by drawing her, her name is _NAME_. When I have a strange idea I just say, Stranger things have happened. But I have a lot of doubt. I have just had a handful of things happen that were proof. Most anyone can say the same."
176004312,I do but I don’t mind.
176004313,maybe a walk in the woods with your friends would be good. Maybe just relaxing and listening to music will help calm you down.
176004314,"Try to lower clozapine and add amisulpride and a strong anti depressant coupled with ect maybe, check with your doctor too much clozapine isn’t good long term"
176004315,"Good for you, once you find a good psychologist and see them on a regular basis, you’re on a good path to recovery. Just dont lie to them and be honest about your past and present. It always helps. P.S; ask them what are some good books to read, psychologists are the biggest book worms."
176004316,"Nice going, _AT_MENTION_. Are you at a gym or exercising at home?"
176004317,"Cup of Noodles, no golden spoon, I’m on SSI, but I serve no master No one’s bitting, where’s you guys hidding, I’m having fun, do you surrender, I’m just getting started. Microchip, it’s in your head, don’t be laughing, because you’ll be dead. Where’s that toothbrush? Why you ain’t brushing? Those cavaties are coming, don’t forget to brush and floss."
176004318,I admire you so much.
176004319,"I asked to be cremated and none of the family to keep my ashes. I asked to at first be body dumped in a great white feeding ground, but sharks don’t eat dead humans, so that’d be awkward. My kids have never been to a funeral. The last family member buried was great grandfather in 1994. I told my mom to prepay for her ???? cause she hasn’t decided what she wants, she’ll be 50 in May so we have time. Her husband I think has a family plot in Chicago near his parents, so I don’t know how that’ll work, but he may decide to be cremated if mom does. But his 6 kids might convince him otherwise. We won’t have any services, there’ll be basically an obit for me in the paper and on Facebook or whatever is social media when th he time comes. I honestly wasn’t expected to live past 30, so turning 35 in Feb is an accomplishment. Just hope to see my youngest have her kids or fur babies before I die. Our family has kids very young, and we either die young, or live to be 90+. Unfortunately. My gran
dpa _PERSON_ only made it to 67, Parkinson’s and lung cancer, never smoked a day in his life but my mom and grandma were 2 pack a day smokers since 1983, so yeah, he suffered. He just asked to see me married as bd give him a grandson, which I did st age 18. So maybe if I did have a tombstone. It’d say _NAME_ his boys, so he died proud."
176004320,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004321,Im sorry. Good that it got a bit better though.
176004322,I’d never recommend picking it up. It’s a nasty habit to quit!
176004323,I was drinking 3/4 of a bottle of wine a night on meds. Didn’t affect me just helped me relax and sleep. I’ve quit now though.
176004324,"Feels like people seek blame, feels like those people have ignorance in their hearts to brush us off with broad strokes. It’s more simple to point the finger at something they really may not understand. I was only ever a danger to myself. Still can be in weaker moments. Good read!"
176004325,I had those thoughts too.
176004326,"For me, normal would be if i was working. I have 26y. So, my life is not normal. I take meds, if i dont, my life would be worse."
176004327,Intuitive is a good way to put it!! And yes the server has been a great thing for us its so much easier to keep track of self care and appointments and such!!!
176004328,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ (((hugs)))
176004329,"Me too, fatmama… I was feeling bad about this before. But I realized that everybody has some if you go down deep, so its not a reason to feel bad. _PERSON_, some things should remain secret though… But you are definitely not alone ."
176004330,Was it the interviewer of the job you were refused the one who called you back? What I’m confused about is who called you back?
176004331,I have a thing for dangorees. The shorts ones Dress ones Trouser ones They are so neat
176004332,So are you not going to be on any anti psychotics?
176004333,yesterday did zoom delivered some PPE did shopping for someone & myself today short walk. met a couple of friends went for a walk in the park (did 6km) had pie/chips (outside)
176004334,I don’t have any good in me. People think I am dangerous and therefore I have no self-worth. No one cares about people like us.
176004335,I’ve spent so much time alone that I think I actually prefer it. I like this site because I am so awkward in person that it is very uncomfortable for me and whoever I’m socializing with.
176004336,"This is a common theory tackled muchly by past philosophers and scientists Note that the concern itself isn’t ‘crazy’ ; drawing what you think to be a solid conclusion and acting on it is crazy…especially if such actions are destructive. Here’s what i think and Quantum theorists suspect it as well. To some degree the current existence we reside in is a simulation but we don’t have any substantial control over it as suggested by the ‘Law of Attraction’ (or The Matrix). Some, not all, interactions we have during the course or our lives are for the sake of an undisclosed party’s research. There are only a few of us participants at a time hence why it seems very much we’re not being exposed to whole world as is (trust me if all of the world really had access to this forum there’d be tons of hateful posts especially from ruder societies like you would find in New York) hence ‘The _NAME_ Show’ effect. Positive reasons for a surrogated existence could be as follows: Rehab for cri
minals and the criminally insane. We don’t wake up to bars, have no memories of our past crimes and set forth each day learning how to work together; ultimately “turning over a new leaf.” A training grounds for a host to learn mind over machine before being set free to venture through many other different artificial virtual environments. A science course where the students spend x amount of time exploring an artificial diorama. Negative reasons for this existence could be An offensive punishment where in we need to eat the ones we love to survive A system used to reprogram (brainwash) those otherwise rebellious to an external totalitarian world. Abducted and redirected into an artificial world to be used as slave labor. Despite the reason for this world, if it is an artificial reality, I am pretty sure chaos and randomness would still take place no matter how moderated and despite what events have been scheduled. Sure, a lot of events may be orchestrated and choreographed but accidents would happen as w
ell."
176004337,"Even the great composers of old still studied late into their mastery of their craft. I think it’s a great idea dude, keep up that energy, music is an awesome skill to cultivate. You can do it!"
176004338,"I know exactly what you mean. I will usually have these kind of hallucinations and hallucinate bugs, or people. Never had a sexual type hallucination but I don’t think they are so uncommon."
176004339,"Feeling guilty . My stepdaughter has said she’s cancelling my cleaner for the time being as my cleaner goes to several other people’s places. She or one or other of the granddaughters will come in instead . The cleaner has to do several jobs along with what her husband does to make ends meet . She’ll be losing £72-£90 a month from me . I can understand why my stepdaughter is doing it , but I’m feeling a little shitty at the moment ."
174342795,"Schizophrenia comes with a sweeping set of issues and problems, only one element of which is delusions and hallucinations, like speaking with spirits. There are plenty of religious and spiritual leaders and people who speak and pray to spirits or deities every day, but they are grounded in reality most of the time and aren’t so lost in their spirituality that they can’t find their way out. People with schizophrenia aren’t so fortunate. So there is a major distinction between “speaking with spirits” and being schizophrenic."
176004340,"It’s definitely not just you. I feel like I’m just making this all up and maybe I’m doing it for attention or something like they used to say. I don’t know. I do know that I feel pretty normal while I’m in meds, though, so I stay on them. Because every time I’ve gone off then, it they’ve stopped working even while I’m on them, I wind up hospitalized and terrified out if my mind. Still don’t really believe I have sz, though."
176004341,Okay great have good day dont worry just in the be present moment your safe.
176004342,"It spreads through saliva, so, yes, absolutely. It also spreads through being in close proximity breathing the same air droplets."
176004343,2010-2019. 1555
176004344,That all sounds so great! I’m happy for you!
174342802,Probably because its a depressant. Perhaps chewing real tobacco leaves has a place in medicine (not recrationally) but cigarettes and inhaling smoke. No. Modern cigarettes are also laced with cancer causing chemicals
176004345,"I don’t know if I falling into paranoia again or if I’m overthinking. So was watching a few drawing tutorials on YouTube. Every time I listen to the videos the background music scares me. It sounds, all distorted and evil. Like someone’s going to get me."
176004346,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176004347,I hope you have a wonderful day _AT_MENTION_.
176004348,"Yeah _AT_MENTION_ . That’s why I’m not sure if that’s what’s causing it, but my numbers were normal until 3 months after starting loxapine and I didn’t start any other meds. But that still doesn’t mean it’s the loxapine."
176004349,Does that mean your connection is not secure
176004350,My bother’s nutritionist prescribed him these foods: Brown Quinoa with hot sauce A quarter avocado 2 poached eggs Salads and vinegar without oil or sauce. Vinegar and hot sauce burns fat. He lost lots of weight on it and wants me to do the same but I can’t. I secretly eat his quinoa sometimes because I like it
176004351,Shower and brush teeth. Grade exams Teach
176004352,"I hate to burst your bubble but swartzneggar has admitted to taking steroids and I can guarantee you he is on some level of steroids if not TRT. Little known fact TRT is also a steroid but in lower amounts , it’s just a amount that would be far less than what steroid users take. I would guess that a TRT protocol would look something like 150mg a week of testosterone cypionate, which is a steroid. To achieve a bodybuilder physique, you would have to take anywhere from 300mg of testosterone to 2000mg of testosterone which body builders usually cycle on and off from. Also there are are other chemical compounds that are abused by bodybuilders such as trenbolone, which I think is only used in live stock and horses."
176004353,What is a Mystery?. I Ask.
176004354,Very little has changed since the first generation antipsychotic medications came out in the 1950s. Hopefully things will start improving for us in major ways. I am hopeful and optimistic.
176004355,Smart plan! You can do it!
176004356,Hugs. You’ll be alright.keep us updated on how it goes.
176004357,"My pdoc once told me that anxiety makes hallucinations and delusions worse, so if you have your anxiety nailed down that should minimize them as well."
176004358,"I am not sure why I want to convince you that you are not alone, and that there are a lot of them “monsters” about, but perhaps you are right. I like the picture."
176004359,I was only trying to help others
176004360,"Not unless the medicine prevents you from performing the essential functions of your job with or without a reasonable accommodation. For example, if medicine prevents you from driving, an employer can reject your application for a chauffeur position."
176004361,Sounds like you’ve made a good move. Hope the new doc is good for you so keep on the front foot and be proactive with things. You get a good doc you don’t let them go.
176004362,"wikiHow How to Increase BDNF BDNF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor, is a protein that helps repair failing brain cells, protects healthy brain cells, and helps your brain develop new connections.https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4697050/ You can increase... _PHONE_NO_"
176004363,I haven’t been weighing myself on purpose but I’ve lost some inches around my waist and had to buy a belt. The yoyo is on the way down people !
176004364,"If we have 531,609 cases worldwide and this virus was first recognized 3 months ago, imagine how badly we are going to be affected by this in like 6 months from now? … This could be insanely terrible — even with safety precaution this isn’t gonna pan out like trump said this April - we will be dealing with this for a lot longer than what they say… Hang onto yer butts"
176004365,_AT_MENTION_. Thanks
176004366,Explain your reason for this comment.
176004367,I’m guessing the ginger might be to help sooth stomach upset. It’s too bad that it is actually having the reverse effect on you. Did you consult your doctor about the juice cleanse before starting?
176004368,"2018 was a crazy year for me, I mean REALLY crazy. I tried to move to California, decided the internet hacked my mom, came back, got kicked out of moms house because I insisted she was possessed and got property damage-y. I had a girlfriend! But she also kicked me out for same basic reasons, I decided I was the messiah (duh) and that the house was being infiltrated by reptilians and stuff like that. Started drinking heavily (this is still 2018, mind you, I’m just getting back on my feet). I ended up homeless but go figure the weight loss and confidence of being messiah (false I know) made me at least think I was great at basketball and guitar. Went to gym every day then bar every night then passed out with my road dog/homeless buddy/trans lover in various alleyways. Didn’t use meth or heroin but drank a lot. Got stabbed. Twice. Got into lots of bar fights because I was acting crazy. I thought I was a celebrity and should be treated as such, so that coupled with me telepathically communicating m
y credit card info to waitstaff (ineffective for those who have these delusions) and running out of disability money early in the month due to binge drinking led to numerous run ins with other drunk patrons. I finally snapped when someone tried to jump me, too large of a man and he broke my tablet, defended myself overzealously with a knife and stabbed him in the neck. He lived, I went to jail for over a year awaiting trial. Evidence is on my side for self defense except in my state (USA) one must be ‘reasonable’ to use self defense, literally how the law is written. So I accepted a plea to a lesser charge, get out and on probation. That’s September. The guy lived with non life threatening injuries. The cops forgot to pick up the camera footage, it was documented to have existed. But I’m ok, everyone’s ok. I’m medicated now, again, mandatorily, in Aristada injection. Back to my normal peaceful self. Make art and music and animate. But I really went off my rocker last time. I’m scared of it but d
amn if it wasn’t fun at times. Oh I left out the part where I went on the run to the beach in Ca?i for a month and partied every night. Wow. But now things are sleepy and I’m housed, same old nostalgic pining for old lost lovers around the holidays. Etcetera. Scattered but maybe entertaining."
176004369,"Wow, good to know thanks!"
176004370,Some of us have had disorganized thinking more often than voices for whatever reason. Probably could have benefitted from cognitive therapy.
174342811,"For OCD, anxiety, depression, mood issues etc try these supplements. DMG (125 mg per day) and NAC (1000 mg per day). Take it early morning as it takes some hours to kick in the full effects and also to prevent affecting night sleep. If have trouble getting restful night sleep then take phosphatidylserine sunflower version 100 mg per day preferably in between 3 and 5 PM."
176004371,Not counted but I would say less than 10.
176004372,"You said TMG is stronger, no?"
176004373,It’s hard to get passed around like that. How long have you had your current pdoc?
176004374,No I’ve never been scared blind. Sorry that your mother was cold. I’m sure it hurt but I’m also sure she wishes she could have been warmer…
174342805,"That my higher power has good intentions for me. And maybe I misinterpreted the message at the time. But there’s still time to reflect on past messages and change your interpretation. I think when you’re on the edge of psychosis it feels like god is talking to you. Maybe the reason is because the complexity of the universe=some kind of coincidence response that you notice when In excited mindstates for some reason. But God Is there too i feel But when I come back to reality from my last episode I say that I am simply an outlier of society. Who’s to say my way isn’t the right way??? Definitely nobody. Just as I can’t say anyone else’s isnt the right or is the wrong way. I do trust god though. But anyways, the norm has too much power. I think children are our only hope. A lot of older folks are going to keep hurting the world. Maybe before we self destruct we will change. But that sure as heck won’t be full responsibility of the baby boomers?? They will be the great grandparents cheerin
g on their great grandchildren if we ever wanna start being kind and sensible to each other or something along those lines. But I tend to think we will self destruct or at least regenerate anew eventually given the way we are headed now. I think there were two reasons I thought I could “save the world” And How could this all happen to me, there must be some reason for it all Growing up my world was fine. Not messed up the first ten years AT ALL. I saw it in my self how blind one can be. And how opened and enlightened they can become by seeing a different perspective. For me that was struggling and pain and schizophrenia. But I think seeing the two sides of things. My pleasant childhood turned both slowly and quickly to an utter mess. It made me see multiple perspectives and I saw what it was like to be happy, and have that all taken away from you and become downtrodden. I’m not sure but I think seeing both sides of things made me wanna change things in the world. There was the light at the end of the tu
nnel. Because I had it good in the past. Alas I’m happy being a schizophrenic and a few other labels than society is scared of. Because not like society ever gave me any chance before these labels came about So I should just let them label me and rep those labels the best I could, I feel."
176004375,"Does feeling worthless quite a lot of the time count,as opposed to feeling obviously depressed?"
176004376,"Sometimes yes, sometimes no."
176004377,no problem. I got you.
176004378,"I was just quoted £225 for initial consultation, and £175 for a review. My PIP will cover this. My employment is under risk, which means all the cards will fall down if I don’t get proper and appropriate treatment. The NHS can ???? off"
176004379,Don’t stop without telling your psychiatrist. I have anger issues without my meds. Low doses shouldn’t cause any side effects.
176004380,"There is a private shooting range across the street where I live. There is always automatic weapons going off and blasts from exploding targets. I don’t care for guns and couldn’t own one due to suicidal thoughts. But I do feel safe here knowing my neighbors are armed to the teeth. You can’t possibly restrict the weapons, too many of them are out there. The criminal element has stockpiles as large as the military probably. Not to mention gun schematics can now be downloaded and 3d printed. Unfortunately, violence is here to stay."
174342814,"supposedly sulforaphane (brocolli sprout extract ) can help increase glutamate to glutathione production or something I dont know the science. There are some articles and a few small studies on it for schizophrenia. sarcosine is also suppose to improve the glutamate area as well. Thats about all thats out there right now that I know of that works on those areas rtms (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) is also known to modulate the glutamate receptors , and other areas where the prefrontal cortex is"
174342812,"Potent: thorazine, risperdal, perphenazine, Seroquel, haldol Medium potent: fluphenazine, zyprexa, navane Less potent: invega, abilify Most effective: fluphenazine, haldol, risperdal Over 10 years"
176004381,Hope you get some rest and relief
176004382,What helps me is listening to music. It kind of takes me away. A little bit of escapism. But I think just talking to someone would help you. You don’t have to talk about your problems.
176004383,That made made me feel heavy and feel sluggish. And it was just a 120mg lithium orotate supplement. I think its a very old med. There are better mood stabilizers now.
174342816,This topic was automatically closed 90 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004384,most people are just plain bad
176004385,"Can you change your character? You mean personality, right?"
174342817,"i ask my pdoc tommorow, whats a the better option abilify or latuda."
176004386,"Why do you mention kids? I prefer to be single and childless, thank you very much."
176004387,"Sorry to have to break it to you, but you are not made of steel or gold. You are not a rock. You are a person like others. You may be put in suffering and then you will not feel like a rock. You will be humble. Some have said that when we suffer we are burning away the chaf and we are being forged. I think that makes sense."
176004388,"My grades started dropping at the end of college. Highest grades were in college science, math/physics/chemistry 95+% average. I failed French twice but third time I got the best grade in my class, 86% average."
176004389,Thanks for so many responses. I feared a substantial number of people did not get the education they deserve.
174342822,"When is your next psychiatrist apt? Give him a call and schedule an apt. Tell him your feelings and thoughts. If all meds dont work, try Clozapine."
174342821,"I was on meds for 10 months, from March 2018 to Jan 2019. Risperidone 1st month, then Paliperidone. I always believed that I only needed those meds for 3 months (to be on the safe side) after I came out of hospital in May 2018, and I was probably right. Since coming out of hospital in May 2018, I have had zero schizophrenia symptoms. Since coming off meds in Jan 2019, I still have no symptoms. All I get is random derealization once or twice a month, but it is not sz. Could it be possible that my psychotic episodes in June 2017 and March 2018, were simply ‘one off’…and that I don’t actually have schizophrenia? I can’t imagine the delusions ever coming back."
176004390,Then we can’t help you.
176004391,"I would definitely go to a hospital. I have extreme self-harm urges when I am ill. About 3 years ago, I tried to cut my head open (which is not possible, I was really delusional/psychotic) because I hated myself. So I was taken to the hospital, which I really wanted to go because I felt like I was going crazy. After couple hours of trying to hit my head on the wall, I was somehow feeling better. Yeah…definitely hospital on my case."
174342819,Thank you!! I feel free here
176004392,Got up way early Got the house cleaned up Talked to my daughter on the phone
176004393,"I haven’t cried in a long time, but I had to just there, I have my reasons too big time"
176004394,"Uhh, I like Asian stuff. _PERSON_ is good. Italian a bit too, I guess. Pizza, spaghetti and meatballs."
176004395,ok i will. gonna go now. and maybe get a diet coke too.
176004396,"Good riddance. Seriously, you need to get away from him."
176004397,"I liked “The Return to Self Through the Narrow Maze”, is that one of yours, it really did speak to me, especially the bit about the librarian’s oracle getting stained with food. Have you read others in the series, not by the same author;?; I also loved “The Drunken Universe” and “The Butterfly” by _NAME_. I believe he predated _PERSON_ by some 1000 years. My favourite artist at the moment is _PERSON_, I believe he is allowed to drink as long as he works, or so they say. But in truth I haven’t listened to him for a long time, not since he left Guadaloupe and the Canary Islands. What do you think of punch with a little bit of rum, it’s a bit unexpected, I can’t find astragali anywhere, you used to be able to get them in _NAME_’s Green, but it’s too expensive now, I really want to play with them, all I have is the game of Jacks and a few coins, I don’t like the telephone numbers, their scary, but the text is alright. Have you read “Red China Blues”;?;"
176004398,I’m going to notify my pdoc about it at next meeting soon!
176004399,"I’m trying to stay positive. I’m working on a hobby currently, but I begin to feel pain after sitting for any period of time. It’s my right hand, so I’m very limited in what I can do."
176004400,This may be a dumpster party where’s _NAME_.i.p. I feel ya. Have I not responded to your posts. I care.
176004401,"It’s about time you had someone. I’m so glad for you. I’m meeting my therapist over the phone tomorrow. I, too, can’t wait. Last time we talked for 30 minutes."
176004402,"I had public loans, not private. But I get what you are saying. I had little help from family. The funny thing is I told my mom at one point I was going to drop out and join the army or join rotc, but at the last moment, my step father gave me some money. I appreciated him for that. It was nice. Maybe my life would have been different or better. But I might have alien DNA so it wouldn’t have worked out anyway. I believe we live in a sim so I cannot change my past at all. Like a loop. My dad is middle class. My step dad is poor because of his own stupidity and sin. He is behind on his taxes constantly and doesn’t give a ???? about _PERSON_ for my brother. Luckily, I was able to use _PERSON_. Turned out it was a mistake to go to Berkeley. A bunch of community College students pressured me. It was good. I only looked at the prestigiousness, not the political atmosphere. I was naive and stupid and lost. If I realized this, I would have gone to ucla. They had the big wall street protests while I was 
there. I hated it. I lived in a hippie environment to save money and to get out of my shell. I initially wanted to do business or engineering. Something along those lines. My dad never got military benefits really. He was in the navy for 8 years. It cost too much to travel from southern California to northern plus shipping expenses. When I was in high school, I wanted to join the military, but changed my mind. I was attracted to marines and possibly air force. My dad was tough on me. My brother in law said army was better. He was there. He’s a good guy. The funny thing is I was looking into nuclear engineering at one point in my life, but my grades sucked. I was struggling. Ocs or something. Never happened. Its a pipe dream. Would have been amazing. I think this is the best possible life I’ve ever had despite the illness. Sorry for the rant. I’m just a guy ???????? about his life and past dreams."
176004403,"How is that? I had to make it all one word, but I can add dashes if you want"
176004404,"We don’t write the program. The Boss pays to use it, but there’s only so much we can do."
174342824,This is it in a nutshell. Only thing I’ve found that works for _PERSON_ is sheer force of will and a third cup of coffee. You have to make a commitment to doing and it make a commitment to keep doing it even if you feel like _PERSON_ has set _PERSON_ in the middle of your chest to keep you from standing up. At this point I’ve built up enough momentum that I just keep going no matter what. Makes some of my other health care providers (cardiologist!) crazy that now I won’t lie down and take it easy when I’m told to. Habits are powerful things once cultivated.
176004405,Hide your money in your families account. Then when you claim for benefits only show an account with little money in. Unless the government know how much you have earned.
176004406,Awe well thank you!
176004407,Ruining my marriage. Getting kicked out of university. So many more.
176004408,"So the voices think I’m like there previous boy, where they would go and kill him because he didn’t know money. I don’t know what to say to the voices, I mean I just feel like I’m keeping my distance away from them. One for various reasons, well lets just say that non of them are good people. I know its strange but I feel like the music video “Heathen” which puts me in a spot where they might turn me if I’m not cautious enough."
176004409,Welcome to the forum! People will appreciate you here.
174342826,"I think I had some lack of insight early on. I always researched, doubted, and questioned things. But then I got a premonition or dream or something of being told I had schizophrenia so I started believing it. Imagine if God told you that you had schizophrenia and it had an impact on you. Mine wasn’t God but was past life stuff. I thought I remembered some past life stuff and it clicked finally. Like I was scared but truly believed it. But I don’t know. I question how I got it. I think I got something like schizo-affective disorder perhaps maybe even DID/MPD (if you can get it as an adult). It’s possible I got several things or even more than that now. I don’t hallucinate so I’m blessed in that area. I’m still crazy but I think I was given schizophrenia in college by a bad drug trip and by severe trauma induced psychosis – both. Furthmore, grey aliens tried making me insane several times and then curing it several times. It depends on the situation. I don’t like aliens. Maybe in my 
very first life a trillion + lifetimes ago I thought aliens were good and special but then they make us believe they are evil and stuff – the powers that be. I’m starting to doubt that narrative. I do think Christ protects me, but then I’m starting to believe my life was changed – for the better."
176004410,I’ve got to do a test now I’m 50 so need to do it. Dread the old procedure but hey. You only live once. I’m not shy about psych meds these days. Most people in the medical field know most drugs…It’s not surprising to them. Gawd. Could never be a nurse or doctor. That is total whack.
174342823,Honestly most therapists don’t have a clue. My therapist ignores my symptoms and likes to downplay my psychotic disorder. I would listen to a qualified psychiatrist instead.
176004411,Your thread made me smile. I’m suicidal as usual but that’s because I’m depressed. I’m going to take a bath too. I’ve also injured my wrist so typing this is difficult.
176004412,"It made you poop a lot. That’s not a cleanse. It’s a diuretic. You poop all you need to naturally. Pooping more than that is only getting rid of necessary nutrients before they can absorb into your bloodstream. And, as you experienced; they can have dangerous side effects."
176004413,Or singing in the shower…
176004414,On no mood stabiliser. Will mention it to my doc though - seeing him monday
176004415,Just my family.
174342827,"I don’t know if there are any studies on it, but I believe they can. I had severe sleep apnea from when I was a teenager and I think it slowly wore me down to the point where I had a break and got schizophrenia in my mid 20s. I can’t go back in time, but I think if my sleep problems were fixed I might not have developed this ????. But nothing I can do about it now."
176004416,Our mind has limit for work. It can not be more pressurized than its power.
176004417,"I washed my mobile under a tap thinking my protective spirits will protect it from getting damaged, something along those lines"
176004418,"I am going to try a board games one as that will be a good thing to try, but I am nervous about it. I will need a lot of encouragement to go, as it’s way out of my comfort zone."
176004419,"Nice! I took it again. My spikes were in curiosity, paradox too. Also boldness and connection. The rest was normal."
176004420,"The paychiatrist just say: « no, if your prolactin level is normal, then it’s psychological ». But how can he know if my serotonin axons are damaged ? It’s rare but possible and there is no way to know that, so I guess they just pop up the psychological argument to say something."
174342828,"He has a website that is still up. His preworkouts have agmatine, which apparently can lead to schizophrenia."
174342836,"I’m glad it did. But the first antipsychotic was discovered almost 70 years ago, and medical treatments for schizophrenia have not improved significantly since then. The effects of first generation and newer antipsychotics is about the same, and side-effects are comparable in comparable doses. However, treatment results have improved very significantly since then, because successful treatment of schizophrenia generally involves more than just medication. Waiting for a miracle cure makes you passive and prevents you from trying things that might work. Not waiting for a miracle cure does not make that miracle cure any less likely to actually come. If you keep waiting, there is every chance your death will come first and not the cure."
176004421,My cognitive problems pre-date having a psychiatric diagnosis .Has the SMI made them worse? I haven’t got a clear cut answer to that . What I do know is that my adaptive functioning lags behind my intelligence level . That quite common for those of us on the spectrum . Factsheet-PSI-Feb.-2011 adaptive functioning.pdf (76.5 KB) PubMed Central (PMC) Investigating the factors underlying adaptive functioning in autism in the... Individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) exhibit significant impairments in adaptive functioning that impact on their ability to meet the demands of everyday life. A recurrent finding is that there is a pronounced discrepancy between level of... https://www.advancedpsy.com/documentation/adaptive-functioning/ In a nutshell; I perform much better online than I do off line .
176004422,I take Pregabalin and Diazepam which helps me feel at ease. Before those meds I was a mess
176004423,"i was a farmer, rock band with a home in the country , a Dr of motors and drafting and arts scholarship."
176004424,welcome back your last post a year ago once you have job like me all your family will tell you to marry like my family but i dont think too money will be enough take decision marriage is the last decision to take now is time for emergency fund and alot alot of investing to make alot of money to achieve all your dreams and marriage is one of them of course
176004425,"I just read a book on PTSD and it wasn’t helpful to me at all. I also read a cognitive behavioral therapy book on anxiety and fears. It was better, I’m on the exposure part and I have yet to start. I have a plan though. Good luck"
176004426,What makes you unsure about my diagnosis? I’m really intrigued.
174342832,"The doctor gave her potassium intravenously after testing her blood levels. Treating the deficiency seemed to treat mainly the positive symptoms, voices, persecutory delusions."
176004427,All lies._PHONE_NO_
176004428,"Go tell your doctor that your testicles are leaking testosterone, they can probably help you."
176004429,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004430,Another thing is I slept from Midnight to 3am then from 330 to 6am then from 630 to 1130. And I feel like going back to sleep again.
174342837,"Hi friends, anyone else on minocycline right now? Im taking also a strong pro biotic and NAC 600 mg with it, so far I feel bit better like 30-37% less negative symptoms, its not full 2 weeks yet, friday it is"
176004431,"How do I fix that? I have no routine whatsoever. No knowing what I will do “tomorrow” except for tomorrow I’m going with my mom and sister, when things are planned I screw up the plans anyways cause I forget the details, so people just say forget about it. For example I forgot today was Friday, and my aunt wanted me over. I was confused when she texted me. It was already too late and as you can tell a few hours ago I wasn’t at my best"
176004432,"Yo, yes I was in the Say Anything thread."
176004433,"I just turned 55, I am obese, I suffer with type 2 diabetes, I have high triglycerides and cholesterol levels and suffer from high blood pressure. I worry about having a heart attack or stroke. I also worry about dementia, it runs on both sides of my family."
176004434,"Okay, now I understand. _AT_MENTION_ I posted it quite fast without any further thought. Mostly because i like the more broad phenomenological, non reductionist approach to SZ and wanted to introduce it. There is too much neuro-stuff about schizophrenia."
176004435,"I’m on 120mg of Latuda, and 3mg of Vraylar. It’s a pretty good combo for me. I used to be on Rexulti, but it was so long ago, I forget why I came off it. Never tried Abilify."
176004436,I think it happens to stay at home Moms
176004437,if it’s really bad then i would go to the ER and tell them there what is wrong
174342833,"I am interested in medication indeed. I am at least six years too late however. I require specifics. It is important to me to be able to purchase the medicine without prescription, as indicated previously in this thread. So far, from what I read on the main [website] schizophrenia[DOT]com, only sarcosine seemed to fit those requirements. It is supposed to be “supplementary” and therefore weak-enough. I am yet to actually consume or even obtain any. +++ I remember talking about medication in person to a formally diagnosed schizophrenic woman. She dodged the topic at least five times, only saying that the medicine she is officially prescibed “are hard, very hard”. I understand that it is implicitly against this forum’s policy to recommend medication to then avoid responsibility. Please, say what you can here or else write me an e-mail. At this point. all input is welcome."
176004438,"Heya- thank you, this forum is seriously my refuge. I’m having intense paranoia and delusions right now and it’s driving me absolutely crazy. I want to scream, cry…I just want to die."
176004439,USA https://www.cnbc.com/2020/03/16/cdc-recommends-the-cancellation-of-events-with-50-or-more-people-for-the-next-eight-weeks-throughout-us.html
176004440,"It’ll be fine. Hydroxychloroquine is going to reduce fatalities by a huge amount. I already posted about a hospital using it, it even works for ICU-bound people."
176004441,"It was very stressful for me, even in my prodromal phase. I remember some good things about it and some things that were a real PITA. I couldn’t do it right now if you put a gun to my head. I’m just so introverted and I’d rather not be around people, let alone seeking them out and trying to get them to open their pocketbook."
176004442,Um. Are you flooded?
176004443,I used to think I was like Jesus because my “sacred head” was “wounded”.
176004444,Dandelion helps liver
176004445,"Well - I’m more OCD so it’s not fishing for attention, rather its reassurance seeking. And no it doesn’t seem stable and I’m well aware of that now but I just don’t like people calling me delusional, you should get that. Sorry"
176004446,Thanks _PERSON_! We can all enter into the process of recovery. Takes time and effort though. The right meds surely help too. Go for it PG!
176004447,"It’s in back of your head … No but seriously, there is no implant. Is your sister around _AT_MENTION_ ? Maybe she can comfort you again."
174342846,I have a long time belief in psychoanalysis for improving character. But it is not for me because I am too unstable and could get psychotic when my emotions are highly stressed. Also it is extremely expensive. Also the theories are lacking for schizophrenia.
176004448,I already take pills for Extrapyramidal
176004449,"en.wikipedia.org Cotard delusion Cotard delusion, also known as walking corpse syndrome or _PERSON_ syndrome, is a rare mental disorder in which the affected person holds the delusional belief that they are already dead, do not exist, are putrefying, or have lost their blood or internal organs. Statistical analysis of a hundred-patient cohort indicated that the denial of self-existence is a symptom present in 45% of the cases of _PERSON_ syndrome; the other 55% of the patients presented delusions of immortality. In 1880, the ne..."
176004450,it’s only later into my sickness that i started to think about if they would work or not… it was weird.
176004451,Thank you _AT_MENTION_-ploravit !
176004452,Get yourself one of those spider catcher Hope you have a lovely weekend
176004453,"I think they have better things to do, but I don’t know sometimes…Some stupid Forbes article said physicists were looking for time travelers on the internet. Can’t believe they get paid for that ????. What a waste of time and money!"
176004454,I understand she likes holidays but it just seems a bit like a not such a good idea … shes currently in Switzerland
176004455,"“Hey.” I spoke to Lily. “Do you want some tea?” “No,” she responded back, “I want some peace.” “I do too. So do I.” I said to her. “But will it ever happen since we barely have anyone around?” The raindrops keep falling on the porch as the soldiers moved around our home. People were starting to throw rocks at our window, and our dogs hid under the chair, shivering. “It was really good knowing you, once again.” She said in tears, wiping her sorrow off of her eyes. “If we ever happen to be roommates, I would do it again. Are you packing your things now?” She pointed at my empty luggage as the water boiled on the stove. “No.” I said in complete emptiness. “Better go empty handed. We have been hiding for years now.” “Very well. I was going to do the same thing. Have a chocolate bar just in case your soul feels hungry.” Lily handed her chocolate bar that she delicately wrapped in tin foil. A familiar sound of my password started to ring on the doorstep. As the 
soldiers attempted to open the door, it felt as if one of my family members betrayed me. No one knew the password of my house, except my family members. I let the dogs out in the porch and ate the chocolate bar. I held the hands of my roommate _PERSON_, and her hands felt like a delicate pedal of a flower. And that’s what we were; nothing but pedals of a flower."
174342840,https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Forum+Schizophrenia&=true
176004456,"Prostitution is worse than doing porn because its illegal at least here in Canada. Prostitution is legal in Netherlands, weed too."
176004457,What should I do? Wait until I see her in a week or 2? She Is intending to take the car to hundred miles sharing the driving with my sister who hardly does any of the driving An option would be to meet my sister sometime in the next week and just ask her what she thinks…If she has noticed anything I’m asking about simple basics I know my husband has a job interview coming up so I’m trying to keep it together
176004458,"I’ve been saying that for 16 years, but I still have major panic attacks and anxiety. Did you have gad? Phobias?"
174342838,Google shopping produced a few sources. Google shopping link
176004459,"The only time you have to report that (at least in the USA) is if you are getting a government security clearance and the hospitalization was unrelated to sexual assault or grief. As you can imagine, this is rare and is only for certain jobs with the US government. I think you’re good."
176004460,"I know. I realize now it was a mistake, but I didn’t think he was going to lie about me. He’s just someone I met when I was homeless. If that was my “thing”, I would have found someone with money."
176004461,we’ll find out in a couple days
176004462,Yeast is used in non-alcoholic beers too. I just read it in google.
174342834,I don’t think there was under 250g. It cost me 30$CA.
176004463,"When I get into that state myself, I may have sex with several people over the course of a month. But then I’m not interested for 6 months later. I’m trying to better understand myself, I don’t want to be a slave to it"
176004464,Try joining weight watchers? I joined awhile back and it’s helped me lose some weight/maintain it. It can be frustrating/anxiety inducing to track everything though (at least for me)
176004465,"Hitting the head can cause mental disfunction. I now know why my mother used to wonder why she, who graduated Phi Beta _USER_ID_ with a Master’s Degree and honors, seemed to be so stupid and nervous. I remember now. Dad used to hit her."
176004466,It was too activating for sure. And it also made me really anxious.
176004467,Keep us updated on latuda if you change. Not many of us on it.
176004468,If I master coding skills well enough maybe I will try freelance webdesign.
176004469,"I don’t believe I’m delusional, but I’m told I am. I’m not sure what to think. But APs help me with certain things so I take them."
176004470,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !!!
174342839,30g of glycine daily not good even if it give benefits. I think it can affect kidney function. Since glycine is helping you you can come to the conclusion that you have some kind of catatonia If its the case then clozapine might be better as it not affect dopamine much to get AP effect.
176004471,lol! You should open your eyes WIDER for that so you can see your partner!
176004472,Yes i do feel fear for stupid things. But nothing is stupid really. Fear is human.
174342841,"well i assume you’re talking about people like me that believe in their delusions or think they’re not delusional about certain things. i’ve been coming here for years and so far i’m still here… some people lack insight while others have a severe case of schizophrenia. Sometimes, there’s more than meets the eye. i think i was messed with in college but then i don’t know what’s going on with me. i can’t really go to the police to get ‘help’. i already told my loved ones and everyone. wrote notes, letters, posts/made a record. I regret some of what I did — the posts, but it was out of necessity. i opened myself up on the internet and feel like i put myself out there and have fears about being in danger. they say love your neighbor, right in the bible? I try doing that despite the paranoia and delusions that the neighbors are talking about me and hate me because i’m lazy and smoke cigarettes. i think the energy drinks are making my condition and symptoms worse. only i can tel
l and my family and doctors think so. remember this is online forum so people can ???????? their way on here and make ???? up. i try to be honest. i don’t lie. but i may be wrong about certain things/stuff. my mind is broken."
176004473,I still have issues with the way I was treated by one of my pdocs. I think the treatment may have been borderline unethical. I was too vunerabled to look for a new dr. At that time
176004474,"hi _AT_MENTION_…you studied sociology, was it hard, was it interesting, do you feel you learned alot about people through it…im curious as i wonder should i study it"
176004475,"I don’t have the ability to and think/understand if there is sound around me. I have to focus so hard to understand what someone is saying, and I often have to ask them to repeat things. I feel like I can’t think. I’m not as bad in regular conversation- just if there’s noise. Is that an sz/sza thing? Or is it just me?"
174342845,When I took risperidone I was tired non-stop. 24 hours a day. I also work 12 hour shifts overnight which didn’t help much.
174342843,"I don’t have new delusions but I still sort of believe some of the old ones I had. Like there’s a greater purpose to my cousin dying of cancer and he left messages in different anime videos. There is life after death and the current guy I like and I were together in another life. There is a greater purpose to me getting schizophrenia and I need to be strong. I’m part of a greater system happening in the United States. Good things are happening, we’re fighting corruption, Saturday Night Live actually plays real news. Also I am sane now for a reason and I need to make the best of it by living my normal life and focusing on my recovery."
176004476,why did they use that symbol though? i hated IE it was never any good
176004477,"Sorry to hear that. My daughter’s father died of liver cancer. He was a free spirit, but maybe a little too trusting. It’s sad he died fairly young."
176004478,The worst of this flu thingy is done (I hope) Kids enjoyed supper My ex husband is popping by
176004479,Keep trying! I am still working on my meds. Recently I got improvements I had not expected.
176004480,Sounds some solid policy. Try him out. They say a change is as good as a holiday and taking yourself outside your comfort zone can be good. Sometimes humans need to be challenged and sometimes when your sz you can get into a rut. Hope it all goes well for you.
176004481,"Yeah I don’t think I’ll take it. It’s an antidepressant and it has the potential of making me manic and increasing my anxiety. My doctor prescribed me Lamictal for my low moods, I’ll see how I do on this first. Thanks for your responses guys. Really helpful."
176004482,my mother always thought I could get to the point where I could have two or three nope it’s never enough.
176004483,My neighbor and I grew up together spending the summer days playing card games. We never cared about who won. But out in the world it’s a little different - like cut throat capitalistic competition.
176004484,Has masturbation increased since you got this condition?
176004485,The first step is not to buy any more. The second step is to get the dealer off your back. The third step is to report what happened to the staff about the incident (I know that’s hard to do but the ecstasy left in your system and the meds you are taking may be mixing wrong.) The dealer is not your friend.
176004486,I’m not sure yet. Probably will be asleep wen it’s new years. I could go on a date but I feel too unpresentable for dating
176004487,"Yes, I finally understand what is good about being a loser."
176004488,"This this video, doctor saying these patients in hospital for over 15 years. This might be the result if we not make an effort to perform daily activities."
176004489,"Thank you for your offer, _AT_MENTION_. I am happy to say that I am all healed up from my abuse as a child and as an adult. I’ve been through a lot of therapy and self therapy and I have seen closure of my issues. I consider myself very fortunate. You may PM me anytime you want too. Best wishes, _AT_MENTION_."
176004490,"I received a camera tripod with a circular LED light in the mail yesterday. Now, all I need is a USB chord extension for that. I got to order it by mail. I think that’s all I need anyway. I do have an amp. I’m not sure if I know how to set it up however."
176004491,"My stepdaughter has much more common sense than me . She is branch manager of a national care agency that provides care and nursing at home . Has worked in care and education since 1995.Previously worked with children and adults with autism,dyslexia and learning difficulties. Was previously deputy manager for three care homes for adults with learning difficulties, More recently has been working with the elderly, covering dementia, palliative care, eating disorders and mental illness, so she has a wealth of experience across the care industry."
176004492,"It would be easier if it’s all real, if it was all correct. The angels, the dead, if I wasn’t sick, and there really is a plan, a chosen soul, touched with the divine, destined to join the angels that have guided me for years. Relaying lessons and rules. Cursed to be an unknown prophet in his own time, but having a special place amongst them when I break the bonds of this plane. I think it’s easier to believe that then to believe I’m sick, human, mortal. The promise of peace is more tempting than the reality of the situation. Maybe. Thank you"
176004493,_AT_MENTION_ it’s funny you say that because I was about to get some pencil grips for the pen because of my hand getting sore. That’s very creative of you to make that and I love your “forever coaster”. I bet that did take awhile.
176004494,"If I’m right _PERSON_’s wasn’t formally a diagnosis till 1994 . Back in 1962, when I was 5, autism was restricted to severe/very severe cases . I had definite difficulties in my school years(1961-1975) with reports of problems , ie disorganised,messy, poor at drawing and handwriting, poor coordination . I also had obvious social problems . However the dots were never joined together. That was very much the way of things for those of us with average or above intelligence. Then if you come under the psychiatric system there’s a tendency for things to be seen through the lens of having a mental health condition, and it takes a good mental health professional/pdoc to break away from such thinking."
176004495,I read the article and still have no idea what I read. Too many abbreviations and unfamiliar words. FES…GSH… 7T MRS…NMDA…dACC … spectral dynamic causal modeling…all very confusing.
176004496,We have a love/hate relationship! Thank you
176004497,"Sounds cool that you can fight them to exercise but when it comes to this money issue. I am sort of rendered speechless, could you give me some pointers. Maybe that would help."
176004498,I stay alone at home all day. I feel so overwhelmed by everything that much of the day I just spend paralyzed in bed scrolling the internet until my boyfriend gets back. His presence somehow helps motivate me to do things. I guess I am not doing so well. I’m trying to get back into therapy.
176004499,"I will stop answering her calls but she will still be there with my pdr during pdr apt. I already can tell myself to do stuff, having another person tell me the same is useless and even bad for me. I don’t want to insult her or do something stupid bcz she’s stressing me."
176004500,Do little hats count? 20201121_1830492322×4128 3.08 MB
176004501,and welcome to the forum
176004502,"Problem is that I got thrown out from my mothers flat to live alone,and I gave brother my half in court.It was nice for a while to know someone’s around. Often I feel like I should be monitored because you make a lot of mistakes when you have no one to watch after you and you have MI.I kept telling to a rest to my family that I shouldn’t live alone,but no one really cares.I often ask my father to stay at his place for a week,but he denies my illness and has no sympathy. Sometimes I think if I have a stroke it would be a week till someone notices,cause no one is calling."
176004503,"Re-take the courses, you’ll have a better understanding on what you need to do. It’ll be to your advantage"
176004504,thank you…1515151
174342855,I became hypothyroid after they put me on Lithium. It’s very common for that drug.
176004505,"No, nothing of value is ever easily obtained. But if you’re going to start making that shift, start making it now. Think of how you’ll make TODAY a good day and go for it. Then try and make tomorrow a little better. It adds up over time. That’s it, that’s the secret."
176004506,Sometimes I feel like its mine and feel so bad for the person and want to help. I could see where it might not be to helpful to you though to overempathise. Always in pain? to escape you own? just asking.
176004507,The moon aliens shared their special moon cheese with them
176004508,"Insurance broker specializing in solutions for small to medium sized companies. I’m more in policy maintenance, compliance, and risk management. I support the customer facing people who are good at sales, but not so good with details or organizing stuff."
176004509,"_AT_MENTION_ also about to drink a coffee. Gonna have one with hubby. Hope this is a more productive day today. I don’t have much planned, hoping to shower and do laundry.today. I have an appointment. Not putting too much pressure on myself. Hope you have a great day."
176004510,"The method isn’t that controversial. I won’t post it though, it’s up to _AT_MENTION_ ."
176004511,Beautifully finished.
176004512,"You let me back in. I blame it on myself. I was labled learning disabled in elementary school, and I have to take that account, when ever I deal with authority figures, such as bosses, doctors, and moderators. I am going to try to be clear about my intentions as I can be as a disabled person. The only reason I WOULD come back here, is to check and see if you would let me in again and to verify that you are learning disabled too. My whole life has been reduced to the point where it is my mission and responsibility to not only destroy this websites presense on the internet, but also of the Hearing Voices Network, and Mad In America as well. I got nothing at ALL from the many years and lextures I got from your greedy ??????? asses. I am so ??????? learning disabled, I intend to make it impossible for anyone to learn anything from you. I will use every ??????? technique know by the devil and god, to ???? your programing schedule. ARE WE CLEAR about my intentions. OR do I have to spread the word to cont
eract your spread lips and legs online!"
176004513,Is your amega 3 from animal sources or vegan?
176004514,It depends on how well my current meds are working. Right now about twice a day.
174342847,"Yes meds is must if its started by doctor and stopping them is dangerous especially if have positive symptoms. I suggest one more supplement its nac but need to take with co factors like selenium and molybdenum. Doctors best brand nac have nac with cofactors. Holy basil or tulsi tea have a calming effect and useful for thinking clearly. It have no caffeine. So a good stack for improving cognitive, negative symptoms include dmg, nac with cofactors and tulsi tea."
176004515,it could be the 2 combined not doing good together. I suffer from nightmares in general but they have let up
176004516,"From Wikipedia: Nortriptyline may also have a sleep-improving effect due to antagonism of the H1 and 5-HT2A receptors. In the short term, however, nortriptyline may disturb sleep due to its activating effect. I think it’s clearly this medication that make me have insomnia. My psychiatrist said that Nortriptyline can’t cause insomnia. I wonder why I must continue to take the medication if it destroys my sleep."
174342850,Taking selenium alone seem to have some effect on negative symptoms. I think its because of better thyroid activity. Selenium helps to convert inactive T4 to active T3.
176004517,Are they faint or normal or loud? What kinds of things do they say? What dose are you on and do you take pills or injections?
174342851,Think I’ve tried all the affordable ones
176004518,Can someone google Finnish mental health laws
176004519,Meds gets first to the US before any other country. Its takes many years for new US meds to reach other countries.
176004520,Isn’t there a lawsuit/investigation into this drug? Seems I read the FDA was unhappy about something regarding it. New Black Box warning? Can’t remember. Something not good about it was in the news recently.
174342859,"A quote from Cleveland Clinic Access Anytime Anywhere | Cleveland Clinic Cleveland Clinic ""According to the DSM-5, a diagnosis of schizophrenia is made if a person has two or more core symptoms, one of which must be hallucinations, delusions, or disorganized speech for at least one month. The other core symptoms are gross disorganization and diminished emotional expression. Other DSM-5 criteria for a diagnosis of schizophrenia include: Level of work, interpersoanl relations or self-care is significantly below what it was before the start of symptoms. Signs of disturbance that have lasted at least 6 months. Schizoaffective disorder and depressive or bipolar disorder with psychotic symptoms have been ruled out. The disturbance is not caused by substance abuse or another medical condition."""
174342852,This article describe the symptoms exactly especially the negative symptoms aspect.
176004521,I know how you feel I’ve been there. Give it time and stay on your meds. Do not quit taking your medication. Every time you do it gets harder to recover. In time you’ll understand it’s just paranoia. Get well and good luck with your recovery.
174342854,"Mine was an abusive mother that i believe caused mine. And the shedloads of MDMA and lsd that sent me down the rabbit hole. Half of my family is bloody off there rocker anyway,"
176004522,I’m sorry that you had to go through that. If I can ask how long did it take for you to come out of the psychosis?
176004523,I think it’s great that you’re reaching out for advice. You may be self medicating with the wine and it’s obviously got you concerned. When I’ve talked to drug and alcohol counselors in the past it’s been basically the same as therapy only the topic is drugs and how to cope without them.
176004524,I don’t have many friends I feel like the odd one out with the ones I do.
176004525,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ 1515
176004526,I guess I hadn’t thought of it in terms of my opponents underestimating me. That might be a good thing for me to keep in mind.
176004527,"I got this guitar 15 years ago, I Saved so hard for it, on government checks . . I finally bought it, cost over 1000 I looked at it for over 2 years, fear-ful, it would get sold . . but, I bought it . . . Then, on a spur, I sold it . . So, I decide to look around, for one . . and, I find it, for less than 500 , last week . . I want to play in a band, I Love Pop and, Rock . . The others here Like Death metal And, doom metal-music . . I can’t under-stand what they say, I’m a bit deaf or, so . . . They’re just Growling and, Make no sense . . Do you play music, what kind, what gear you got . ."
176004528,"My father has bad hand writing, and I have it too."
176004529,i dont know i havent tried dont think i want to cry
176004530,"Eat alot of salads and vegetables and exercise ive lost 20kg this year doing this. I eat musli with greek yogurt for breakfast salad for lunch mix it up from day to day so u dont get bored, 1 piece of fruit around 3pm and try to eat 1/2 a plate of vegetables 1/4 of the plate potato or brown rice (carb) 1/4 protien at dinner i also drink alot of coffee and chamomile tea with skim milk and sugarless sweetner. Something i slip up and eat stuff thats not the best but i just get back to eating this way as soon as i can, the weight loss has been steady. I also do a routine with 1kg weights and try to walk as much as i can but some days this gets forgotten."
176004531,Why does it always say this when i post. Sometimes it wont let me post ?
176004532,you need to get yourself on some AP’s…these wi= delsuions will clrar
176004533,Thanks for the suspension - I was having a meltdown. Ended up in A+E overnight (completley my fault) - where i had to stay to sober up before being assessed. Didnt help i was being an idiot and drinking whilst being way overdue my Depot Jab. Went to an AA meeting today - and “touch wood” ive got my Clarity Back. Been reading the posts still tho - So hope everyone is well. Cheers. Heres starting at Day 1 again for my sobriety.
176004534,Milk is made up of chemicals. Everything is.
176004535,"I learned to have “anchors” for “triggers” in CBT. So for every delusion you have, think of something that makes that delusion go away (if possible) Hope this helps."
176004536,"I got agitation before. Do know I had it from starting the particular med, but a switch was needed after a while. It prevented me from getting my drivers license back for two years! Not sure if you may need something like a Benzo for PRN instead? If this has manifested itself well after commencement of med, there must be an underlying reason for this agitation I guess it can come on. I was on Latuda for 18 months before the restlessness and nausea became so bad I had to switch - my pdoc did not want me on a beta blocker. Guess it’s worth a try to increase, but I’d invest in a pill cutter and do it as slowly as possible. That said, my old pdoc insisted that the Anti-Psychotic was the ‘doctor decision’ for any changes, so I’d advise you liaise with your team if you can, or contact your GP Don’t suffer in silence. Make some noise and get some sort of resolution to this, as agitation on a daily basis is not nice for you or the people around you"
174342862,"On two big doses of olanzapine, I had more negatives too … And consenquently, I couldn’t stop smoking… I am strange with the meds, but there’s something with the aps, yeap… But 5 mgs is very few, I am on 7,5 mgs which is few still. So don’t worry. I find, that the people with positive symptoms handle better the aps… My sz is mostly with negatives…"
176004537,There’s no shame in collecting disability because you qualify for it. I’ve been on disability for 13 years and I don’t know what I would do without it.
176004538,I knew there was a point to reading this thread. You make it worth it. Get on with it. _AT_MENTION_
176004539,It’s not?..
176004540,Got rid of me. I don’t know why. And my proctor gave up on me too. Thankfully my pdoc is sticking with me.
176004541,Haha no but I feel like ????
176004542,"It is a reality show of my life, of course for entertainment of others"
176004543,"but everyone else shared their experiences of relationships Vs isolation except you. isn’t that a bit unfair or voyeuristic. i went to an anxiety group for 6 months and this one guy never shared or encouraged anyone, never said a thing. i found that to be voyeuristic."
176004544,The only thing seroquil gave me was intense ass twitching… Sorry i cant help more…
176004545,Are voices preprogrammed in our genes then?
176004546,This fascinating stuff
176004547,_AT_MENTION_ some of my weaknesses in illustration include… If I draw one person… Im not sure if i can draw them again looking exactly the same lol… No. 2…i can’t draw from imagination I always use photos to get inspiration n copy from… N0. 3…i can’t paint… Etc etc… I have a long way to go possibly an impossible way that doesn’t suit me. I’d looove to if I could though it would be so fun!.. Oh yea no. 4…my focus is off n if I ever hear voices again they’d need to raise my meds and my focus would be even more off to the extent that I’d go to drawing stick people or something
176004548,Nothing would I change. When in hospital then I probably couldn’t smoke my last few cigarettes.
176004549,I probably eat for death my diet is mostly fast food and unhealthy things
176004550,I don’t think anyone can read people’s thoughts.
176004551,"I actually found a pack of toilet paper today. About a week ago the stores here were full and now they are completely bare, pasta, tuna, eggs, milk and bread is all sparse. But today I found a store with a limited supply of toilet paper. Yay for me. And no I’m not stocking up like all the weirdos, I genuinely needed toilet paper."
176004552,Good luck with the new combo!
176004553,"Snort back, but louder!"
176004554,"I think it’s just our brains being primed by seeing the word beforehand, so it’s bubbling around in the subconscious and you end up looking for that again. It’s not healthy to think that your brain shapes other people’s reality with thoughts alone. Puts you in crazyland where you end up being afraid to think bad thoughts about others lest you harm them, and you end up an agoraphobe."
176004555,But do you doubt it sometimes?
176004556,i didn’t get breast fed either…
176004557,"Sega console at year 1999, which was a bit old for that time, but it was a first console I ever had. I can remember playing it with my dad before he passed away"
176004558,What kind of help? Do you take aps?
176004559,The chess piece in someone else’s hands
176004560,I had a great AA meeting I felt the calmness from it. Walked a lot and made it to gym. Sold my old phone and made $20
176004561,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html http://www.suicidestop.com/suicide_prevention_chat_online.html Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: https://afsp.org/find-support/ https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line is the free, 24/7, confidential text message service for people in crisis. Text HOME to 741741 in the United States. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176004562,I actually hate it. always did the worst possible industry for the people involved
176004563,Pray for a good day. No intrusive thoughts or negative comments. I hope I will last and make it. No one reading my thoughts.
174342875,_AT_MENTION_ check this … _AT_MENTION_ i think you both gamble on abilify right … without medicine people likes to gamble… which is very misfortune … Sorry for those who still gamble… peace…
176004564,Because I’m not. I don’t know where you got that from. The ceiling is about $1100 or $1200 a month. If I go over that I could lose my benefits. But I never make more than that.
176004565,Of course bro. I’ll look into it. I need something to calm me down. Thanks brother.
176004566,"I have high blood pressure. Since taking the blood pressure tablet its eased considerably but I still have fullness in my head and I feel unbalanced. That’s why I’ve been thinking I could still have MS, because of the fatigue as well."
176004567,"Ok, I’m glad. They’ve been watching me with cameras everywhere. You can’t even imagine my fear and agitation now"
176004568,Don’t feel that way. We were all new once!
176004569,You are not trash. You are a special human being with unique needs.
174342870,"I would wait. If you start a relationship, then you can tell her. But it’s complicated because of _USER_ID_ and rejection towards mental illness."
176004570,Best of luck! _PHONE_NO_
176004571,I was on benzos for a year. They were not worth taking in the end as I got no benefit from them.
176004572,ok i will. i do tommorow.
176004573,Take them to small claims court. It costs nothing. Take lots of photos.
176004574,"just finish, the movie was called ghost of wars, really good movie. Going watch another one. night still young."
174342873,It’s got me out jury duty for life.
176004575,Maybe im bipolar.
176004576,My parents manage my money. Its better for both of us.
176004577,I wonder why sza generally apparently has a better prognosis compared to sz. I don’t understand it
176004578,"I think he means only that he is not abstract but personal, but still not a real person like you and me, furthermore I’m sure your boyfriend did many good things so he can’t be the devil."
176004579,Had a decent night of teaching. Enjoyed a stromboli for dinner. I showered for the second consecutive day.
176004580,"If you are listening voices in your head then divert your mind to outside world like listening to calm music watching movies that soothes your mind. If you are listening voices from outside then also divert your mind to music movies. Have conversation with your friends family. Do not physically harm any creature be it animal or human. But sometimes you can equally be critic to those external voices if you are unable to bear the burden when you are at your home. But don’t criticize them in public places. But for voice within your head mind diversion to external world is only solution. If you are not doing physical harm to anybody then you should not be worry of anybody. Don’t get afraid. People that do physical harm to others, they should be worried and not you."
176004581,Don’t do it. I am tempted every day to do it. It’s stupid. Life is beautiful
176004582,i m obsessed by thoughts that the two intel agencies in my head one of them will kill me becoz they think i m agent to the other intel agency it is easy for them to kill anyone who is not famous they cant kill famous ppl what should i do ? to save my life from the inevitable murder actually i partially think seriously in that but i am thinking what if this happen !!! it is my life no kidding dont want to risk my life
176004583,"I know that feeling. Sometimes I get fed up with my medication. But you have to figure out all the good it’s doing. It is a risk to change. I’ve been on this med for 13 years without hospitalization. It must be doing something right. So, I am reluctant to change even though it’s not perfect."
176004584,maybe it stops our brain from having too much seretonin / in other way round
176004585,I’ve had so many gf’s and bf’s and they all turned out to be disloyal and rotten in the end. I am completely done with males and females. I am happily single from now on.
176004586,_NAME_ is my hero. RIP
176004587,Thanks you very much . I think you’re very patient with me . Thanks you …
176004588,"I’m on disability, but before Covid19 I volunteered one day a week with AA. I could just barely manage to do that much."
176004589,LS! Organic white tea _PERSON_ works best for me.
174342879,"Keep us informed if there’s any data for schizophrenia specifically For yal with bipolar I say check it out, why not."
176004590,That’s good news !
176004591,Sorry about the horrid biscuits. Here’s hoping the you get some quality munchies in the near future
176004592,It’s certainly true for me.
176004593,I’ve been on three AP’s for the last three years. And they work great.
176004594,"If you have to choose between a prescribed med and vaping, take the prescribed med."
176004595,"“In 2014, a woman was escorted off a US Airways flight when her pig, named Hobie, defecated and squealed before the plane took off.” BBC News 'Emotional support peacock' barred from United Airlines plane United Airlines refuses to let a woman in New Jersey board a plane with a peacock, citing its size."
176004596,If everyone is projections does that mean that you maybe think you may be the only real person in the universe? Just curious.
176004597,"That’s really good. I think I could have gotten into Medical school, if I would have made school a priority. I had terrible anxiety problems."
176004598,"To be honest, it doesn’t matter. You don’t know for sure until the end. Spend your life doing the best you can to be as happy and fulfilled as you can. Then there’s no reason for regrets."
176004599,"I have a close relationship with Lucifer, _NAME_ and 27000 demons"
176004600,Live Aid 2: Live
174342880,That nobody ain’t a schizophrenic - and has never been…
176004601,"Yeah, heart attacks are a relatively new phenomena I think. Before the 19th and 20th centuries they were pretty rare. But as the world industrialized and more people lived in cities and were further away from farms and often ate the wrong foods because they were cheap and other factors, and now you have heart attacks as one of the leading causes of death."
176004602,"yes i hope i will manag to find a doctor in germany, i will try but to find one will take time, i knoe it was not fit drug… but i really hoped to be on it allready, i have the god of the sun that want to go in to wher erth trough me, and im afraid, i dont like him, or i do, i feal he weighs like a mountain, he is the sun, who can the god of the sun come to hear? everything will be crushed… l hoped to glue my door to thoes creatures in my soul with drugs but now i will have to deal with this one alone,"
176004603,"my step-father never pays the bill or it could be something else. My mind always gravitates towards the worse. He used to mess with me and the internet growing up, but I don’t know. I’m quitting the Topamax today. I’m done with it. I post stuff here so maybe it has to do with the forums and the aliens are watching me"
176004604,"I was “rapid cycling” when i was young - i am 50 years old now - i got better, but i am still having these mood swings, Lithium messed up my metabolism, so take care and consider it thoroughly if the Pdoc ask you to take Lithium for your rapid cycling. It might help, but it’s quite toxic. My mood swings are very affected by my way of living, and the older i get, the more distance to my mood swings i get. My “lows” don touch me that much anymore, and when hypomanic, i just enjoy the thrill."
176004605,I’m lucky and I smoke Lucky Strike
176004606,How to go back to sleep
174342886,"Im sza bipolar type. Drugs make my motivation worse, though abilify is helping that. I had MRI to check for a stroke and my brain is normal."
176004607,"Ok, I will speak with my psychiatrist and I hope she understands."
176004608,Do you have anything you could take for the anxiety ? If it’s causing you to have suicidal thoughts then maybe you should cancel the visit.
176004609,"No worries, it never to late to start something new, hope you find some good friends. Youll be fine."
176004610,Yes it is… 1515
176004611,"I am temporarily up to 251.3 from 249.8. I am near menopause, but I got a surprise period after several months without one, dammit. I am holding water at the moment. I know it’s just that, but i was a bit crushed when I got on the scale this morning. I knew that was a bad idea! The weight loss thing is definitely hard. I have to be meticulous about my eating."
176004612,_AT_MENTION_
176004613,"I don’t have enough energy for most cooking, cutting and preparing just takes too much energy. That said, I’ve found foods that are simple to prepare or have been pre cut or pre cooked and you basically just plop em into a pot. I set timers and usually everything works out alright enough to be edible."
176004614,I have thought about that actually. I’ve considered making a Youtube channel that would deal with that to a degree. I’d love to be able to combat _USER_ID_ by sharing what I deal with. Thank you for the encouragement!
176004615,It’s not exactly her fault totally.I am lockdown and I felt the medicine made me felt worst.I can fair better without the medicine
176004616,This makes me think of _AT_MENTION_ – He always said he had a knack for recognizing patterns.
176004617,light21080×1080 160 KB
176004618,What do you mean _AT_MENTION_?
176004619,"Well sometimes we can take things one step at a time. You don’t have to drop every bad habit at once, that can be challenging. Also, i don’t see the harm of wanting something in your hand or mouth. For some people that tactile stimulation is relaxing. You just need to change it to something healthier in your hand or mouth like a fidget cube or some gum."
176004620,"I Personally, Was a Young, Young, Young, Young Boy. I Heard My First Voice. Like a Demon He Crept into My Hearing. And Whispered, Something I Cannot Remember Now. I Was Almost Asleep. And I Jumped Out of Bed And Ran to My Mother. ‘Something Jus Whispered to Me’. I Said. ‘Go to Sleep, it Was Nothing’. She Said. The Comfort. Put Me. Back to Sleep. So I Slept. And Woke Up The Next Day, In a Blur. Wasn’t Diagnosed Until, Many, Many, Many, Many, Many, Years L8tur. Although…, Truth Be Told…, I’m Not That Olde… . … Sincerely, _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
176004621,Doing this might be a little disrespectful.
176004622,"I think for me it’s about finding small accomplishments that I find meaningful as opposed to the stuff that is important but I would rather not be doing (like caregiving). I get a lot of satisfaction from doing hobbies and projects that are fun for me. I like making music and software or doodling. I even get satisfaction from cleaning our fridge because I have to overcome my own inertia to do it. I think the word “pride” has unjust bad connotations… You deserve pride for legitimate accomplishments, including showing up to work which is beyond the ability for many of us here. A good exercise I do is to keep a “victory sheet” on Google Docs of things I have achieved or gotten great satisfaction from accomplishing so far. It’s very important to not compare your accomplishments to others though and just build on your own turf. I am usually not too happy with President _PERSON_, but he does show a lot of confidence (probably to a fault) but that is what is sorely lacking in most of us ment
ally ill patients. We really are bad at PR for ourselves. We aren’t building hotels but if we do something kind or useful we shouldn’t be afraid to give ourselves some credit for it. Its way more important that we give ourselves credit because unfortunately there are sometimes family and friends who belittle us perhaps even without realizing it."
176004623,"So if you come off meds, how will that happen?"
176004624,Are you trying to tell _AT_MENTION_
176004625,You only want to hear us confirm you don’t need meds even though you do
176004626,So the Fitbit was a bust. Don’t waste your money on one. Basically the step counter is HORRIBLY in accurate. It’s so bad that it renders the item useless IMO. And as it is a ‘step tracker’ there is no option to turn the step tracking off.
176004627,"nice pics. just wondering if you could explain what the actual paranoia and delusions are or is it just in general, or, is something causing this, like something happened that made you feel overwhelming symptoms."
176004628,Every human brain got a frequency. Some people can hack into your brain with radiowaves.
176004629,Yes. Since starting APs I have a really difficult time getting the drive to push myself in the gym.
176004630,"They are telling me don’t do it, don’t take the risk, we are warning you. I can’t work out what it means. I don’t want to do anything. This nonsense drives me more insane as I already am."
176004631,"it’s called synchronicity, not sure if real though."
176004632,"Feelings are neither right nor wrong, they just are. But feelings are not facts. For example, I can have someone sitting in my kitchen say, “I feel really unwelcome here,” when I know that is not the case. _PERSON_."
176004633,It’s an amino acid. I have no earthly idea why it’s working for me but it’s working. I don’t feel compelled.
176004634,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004635,everyone has a story. sometimes they’re similar.
176004636,No he’s s little on the bigger side
176004637,I lost a ton of weight on topomax. All I wanted was steak.
176004638,"ARE weirdos. They do unbelievably sick things. They say the most stupid things, I’ve ever heard. I’m pretty sure they have brain damage."
176004639,You’re going to get through this. You treat people how you want to be treated. You love You are loved You are still smart
176004640,"My cousin and I weren’t close, but he also had schizophrenia… he ended up committing suicide about a year ago. I feel bad for his parents. I wish I would have told him about this forum- maybe he wouldn’t have felt so lonely. Not looking for support/advice, just thinking."
176004641,Even me I just learnt python recently from udemy a trainer called _NAME_ is really good.
176004642,"I don’t know if I am fit enough to have a job because of my following problems apart from sz. Insomnia, drowsiness and fear of not living up-to my employers expectation. Waking up in the morning and sleeping at nights are a huge problem for me."
176004643,"You speak many languages, yet you haven’t learnt your mother tongue, Greek?"
176004644,They combined two buzz-words together for enhanced marketing action.
176004645,"My current benzo(clobazam) works great but is causing alot of sedation on target dose(10mg). I take 5mg now. There was no sedation before. I’ve been taking it for 2.5 years. Its like have developed opposite of tolerance. Here’s list of benzos i have tried Alprazolam 0.25 ? worsening anxiety and psychosis Alprazolam 0.5 SR + clobazam 15mg ? Bed wetting Clobazam 10mg ? Works great for anxiety/jerks but sedation problems from 5mg and memory problems from 10mg and above Clonazepam 0.25mg + clobazam 10mg ? crying spells Diazepam 2.5mg + clobazam 10mg ? bed wetting Lorazepam 0.5mg + clobazam 10mg - worsening anxiety/psychosis, crying spells, feeling sleepy in afternoon"
176004646,Great job!!! I knew you could do it!!!
176004647,Idk yet haven’t even went to my appt but just say min wage
176004648,ho you are cute too with extra drama dear
176004649,Plenty feel the same and that isn’t unusual. It’s a big thing to be doing taking the meds but if you hang around here long enough you see how sane that decision is to stay with treatment. Many go off medications and often that isn’t very pretty.
176004650,http://_USER_ID_.me/?p=146 An interesting read
176004651,I do now at 6-8x 1g pills/day. But the energy only comes after 7pm and lasts like until I take my antipsychotic at 10:30pm. I think the antipsychotic is blocking Glycine’s effects and I need a bigger Glycine dose as at night blood levels of antipsychotic drops until taking the next dose.
176004652,I have noticed a lot of photos on the forum are taking a long time to load up. Kinda line by line style from the old days of dial up. It’s not my local connection.
176004653,Akathesias maddening little brother.
176004654,"I’m sorry to hear that leafy. I don’t know if this helps, but thousands of people drive on those roads every day, and only a fraction ever get into accidents. Your kids will be fine. Do you have anything to distract yourself with while you wait for them? Is your sister the kind of person you can talk to about these things? Big hugs for you!"
176004655,In Nepal we are good community! We make sure others don’t die by landslide and are fed
176004656,"(I Met _PERSON_ in the projects where I was living) Pinnochio: Want a job? Me: You know it would be nice to get out of the projects. Pinnochio: Well I’m from an Individualized Placement and Support Group for the mentally ill and I’d like you to sign this. Me: Tell me about it. Pinnochio: Well first of all I’d like to quote our research that a job never increases use of mental health resources. Me: Say why is your nose growing? Pinnochio: Oh I’m still having growth spurts. Me: Well are you going to put me through something like day treatment programs, enclaves, or sheltered work like you did in the past. Pinnochio: Oh no we wouldn’t do that. Me: Your nose grew again. Pinnochio: No that’s a pimple. Me: I have a checkered past. Does that matter? Pinnochio: No not at all. Me: You ought to see about that nose growth. _PERSON_: Also we base it on job preferences. Not a pool of jobs already available. Me: You know. I’ve always wanted to work in Meteorology. But my math skills were weak. _PER
SON_: We can get you a job with the National Weather Service. Me: Hey your nose just poked me in the eye. But I’ll take it. (1 Week Later) Me: Hello I’m Blizzard. Interviewer: You’ve got the job. Me: Really. No questions? Interviewer: No it’s time for you to get to work. Here’s the broom and mop. We need you to clean up the office today. Me: Right away boss. (But I have something to say. If you are going to get us to work don’t lie about it. IPS’ sales pitch amounts to bald face lies because the business World never treats us or the rest of the disabled like that. You just need workers right now because there are more jobs in the US than people looking for them. If a mentally ill person proves he’s able to do a great job and you promote him that’s great. But under the current system that can happen as it is. Tell the truth and admit that when the job glut is over you will get rid of the majority of us. And if I take your job don’t take so long to restore my benefits if I lose it. I will ha
ve trouble getting another one.)"
176004657,If somebody had EXACTLY the same problems you have. What would you tell them(what advice would you give them).
176004658,Did you try 80 or 120mg? Or Risperdal 4-6mg?
176004659,"Mariokart 8, hyrule warriors, my sims, animal crossing, family feud, … assassins _NAME_."
176004660,Yeah it’s gotten better only because of taking supplements. If I didnt take them it never would of improved.
176004661,"I saw something the other day how fasting for 24 hours can heal the gut and generate healthy bacteria completely, supposed to help with depression and mood problems too. _PERSON_ tried it but was interesting!"
176004662,"tech.slashdot.org Google Pauses Chrome and Chrome OS Releases Due To Coronavirus Outbreak -... Google said today it is pausing upcoming Chrome and Chrome OS releases due to the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. From a report: The company cited ""adjusted work schedules"" as the primary reason for the delay, as most of its engineers are..."
176004663,I don’t know what other mental illness are like but still I do feel it is the worst. Seeing as mine is accompanied with depression. Seeing as you can break away entirely from reality. It really is very very very scary stuff so reducing risk has to be taken seriously
176004664,Welcome on board Zanx. Yes this place will provide some form of escape.
176004665,Good luck to you.
176004666,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html http://www.suicidestop.com/suicide_prevention_chat_online.html Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: https://afsp.org/find-support/ https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line is the free, 24/7, confidential text message service for people in crisis. Text HOME to 741741 in the United States. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176004667,Awesome _NAME_!
176004668,"By definition there is vacuum (not perfect of course) just outside the atmosphere. Outside space is not a sucking device, for crying out loud."
176004669,"I would guess that I eat about 3,000 - 4,000 calories a day. I don’t keep a close track. I’m 5’9"" and weigh 256 lbs. I’m a little worried about my health. My doctor tells me that my triglycerides are bad. I eat a lot of sugar. I keep meaning to work out, but I never do."
176004670,"Nurses make a lot more where I live. That’s a lot of debt. But if you’re passionate about it I’ll think you’ll be able to get your degree and work. You’ll be paying on it for quit a while, but it may be worth it if it’s what you want to do with your life. Do you live on your own or with family? Sharing the bills with someone else would help you live more comfortably while paying it off"
176004671,I’m trying to convince myself that since I can’t find a hidden camera that there isn’t one. But it’s hard when I hear people talking about me.
176004672,I probably need to lose at least 60 pounds. I don’t even know what I weigh. Definitely need to lose 40-60 pounds. Fruits and vegetables and lean meat is easiest.
176004673,After 30 plus years I have learned that I’m a survivor.
176004674,"I’ve read in Prevention magazine that multivitamins do no good and actually harm your health. Ie., they increase mortality."
176004675,"Smart phones seem too complex, however many people who are older than I am use them, I just have no need."
174342887,"it seems I’m always doing something or other that’s very inappropriate. And I have no idea that it’s inappropriate until it is called to my attention. And nobody is more surprised about it than me. This phenomenon is due to my schizoaffective. I used to ALWAYS get in trouble for my inappropriateness back in the days when I was working. I was always getting fired from jobs because of it. Just an example, a week ago, I was working at my volunteer job at a nursing home, and I was taking notes on what an elderly, confused woman was telling me. I didn’t think anything of this. Well, apparently, the nurses got very mad at me for taking notes and told me that I couldn’t take notes. Apparently, it violated confidentiality. Never mind that we talk about what the residents tell us in our volunteer meetings all of the time, with or without notes. Does anyone else have severe inappropriateness related to their diagnosis?"
176004676,sure no problem anytime.
176004677,My childhood was happy and sad.
176004678,I’m on Zyprexa and the only side effect I have is increased hunger and weight gain.
176004679,"Yeah, I’ve got a lot of muscle. Just annoying that most doctors just pay attention to the scale."
176004680,I was learning the theory and business part online. Once the virus was I over I was then going to get the hands on learning
176004681,"For some reason, the past day or two I’ve been really tired. Feel like I’m about to pass out. But not only are my positives better, I have no more nausea and my anxiety is gone. Idk it’s 50/50. Not sure if it’s because of Klonopin still in my system but I also still feel depressed. Anyone else notice sleepiness as a side effect?"
176004682,What is a reality show or a computer program?
176004683,Ever since switched to risperidone for the first time in my life got to experience life as a normal person. And its boring things were much more exciting on fluonxol and even more so before medication. I don’t even experience anxiety regularly anymore or any paranoia and I don’t get disorganized d anymore or hypomania and extreme excitement. Things use to be more exciting.
176004684,"Yeah, I’m happy. Life is not perfect, but it’s good and I’m optimistic about the future. I’m also really looking forward to the spring."
176004685,That really sucks. A lot of opportunists out there. Sorry you had that experience.
176004686,It’s been good to me for years.
176004687,"That’s rough… I’ve had sza symptoms since I was 7, wasn’t dxed with ASD until I was 23, dxed with sza at 26. I’ve been seeing a therapist since I was 18."
176004688,_AT_MENTION_ I’m so sorry you’ve struggled in this way. Did you receive help?
176004689,I went on a walk earlier today and that seemed to have helped
176004690,I have started to track my calories on lose it app I have to loose 70pound to go to my goal weight 130…
176004691,"Thought insertion, audio hallucinations. Amotivation, lack of emotion."
176004692,Holy hell!! Those are some amazing drawings. I especially love the eye. It is so beautiful. Please post more pictures. They are fantastic.
176004693,I like the saxophone. I used to play alto sax but I sold it so I could move to banff. I also love the guitar. I need to get new strings for mine.
176004694,"I’ve tried not taking it everyday, but I get panic attacks without. Unfortunately I think I’m a lifer."
174342894,So you can have schizophrenia and other mental illnesses at the same time? I thought that was impossible…except for substance addiction.
176004695,We have a new Toyota it’s 1 year old. _AT_MENTION_ I sold my VW
176004696,lol that is kind of funny
176004697,"Yes, no restlessness. I won’t go off any anti psychotics."
174342891,_AT_MENTION_ it is awesome if you manage with schizophrenia to hold a white collar job. You are an inspiration if your statement is true and you work as a programmer indeed.
176004698,"Impatiently calling you stupid if you don’t catch on right away. I’ve known a few. Been one a little, too."
176004699,Tech not part of the UK where I live _PERSON_ Wage for 18+ is measley £7.85 per hour
176004700,_AT_MENTION_ Same here!!!
174342899,Abilify was the best for me until now except for the addiction and hypersexuality side effects.
176004701,I was supposed to be a boy. My family expected me to be one and act like one. I was raised more like a boy than a girl. But I’ve embraced my femininity now. It’s ok to be a girl. It’s ok to be feminine.
176004702,Let the doctors work through it with you as I said speak to the dr. We can’t do anything here.
176004703,It’s been a hard transition. When I lived in Oregon I saw her almost every day. Now I’ve seen her 3 times since May. Now she’s moving back home (Kenya) and it’ll be years before I see her again. I’m sure I will see her. Just not anytime soon.
176004704,"Its just hard, i got a lot of issues, a lot of barriers but i’m working on them, it is very slow but i’m going to keep on trying to get to where i want to go, what i am doing just now is pushing what i can do a little bit but its not too much, I do worry about being overwhelmed with it all but i just try and step back and take a breather bc i have limits and i need to gently push those levels up and try and increase what i can do without going over board."
176004705,That old cliche that “There is a fine line between love and hate is nevery so true as it is about ourselves.”
176004706,"What meds do you take,? I take perphenazine and benztropine,"
176004707,"Suicidal ideations are always cries for help. Your coordinator is right. But the question is, what is he doing about it? Just leaving you hanging? Do you have any specific suicide plans? If you do, I’d suggest you call 911 or a Suicide Hotline like right now."
176004708,"Ive browsed through google scholar some time ago and it seems like the japanese or chinese are more inclined to research herbal remedies. Lions mane didnt work for me and i quickly gave up. Funny, at one point in the past i wondered if someones user name looked too ad promotional to tout the product. I probably overthought that. Congrats to those that found it to actually work. Whole hard boiled eggs and bread lessened psychosis for me… i wondered what was in them to give those effects. Red grapes, peaches, and plums also bring equal effects to me as theanine… a hearty meaty steak or lamb does so too. I see a few users here who like canned food or fast food… but eating those make me feel fogged out, tuned out and tired… low energy. I dunno how ppl get used to _NAME_ hortons breakfast sandwiches,lol. Eating lots of fruits and veggies makes me feel the difference! You feel the glow!"
176004709,Screenshot_20200629-130606_Samsung Health1080×2280 211 KB And the day is still young. Plenty of time to take another walk or two.
176004710,"I’m 4’11"" and my ideal weight according to BMI is unrealistic for me because I’m very muscular. I look healthiest around 135-150. Need to lose about 75 lbs. I’m working on it and hope to lose it this year. I lost 80 lbs in 2019, so I’m hoping to do that again this year."
176004711,"Usually my own vehicle, but I don’t drive so have to rely on other people to drive me. I also often take the bus or walk, depending on where I want to go."
176004712,i wanna stop watch porn becoz i watch porn voices wanna exploit this against me they ask me to rape my sister i wanna stop watching porn all i dont want to hospitalized again pls help anyone help me with tips ?
176004713,"So. Enough About Me Dear Reader, Who or What Are Your Hallucinations/Voices to You?. What Do They Represent Symbolically (???)… . …"
176004714,"when and if you decide to get more expensive stuff, I recommend cass art shop is pretty good. the cass art paints and their watercolour paper is not as expensive as the real expensive ‘proper’ ones but it is still alright"
174342903,"Professional formulas can be obtained only through a licensed healthcare practitioner. However, these products still sometimes make it onto Amazon and eBay. Some of these brands are available through wholesale distributors such as AvivaHealth.com . They ship worldwide."
176004715,Asked by whom? 666/999
176004716,"_AT_MENTION_, sorry I was not very clear I am referring to if I relpase"
176004717,Bump _PHONE_NO_
176004718,I like them too
176004719,My life has been very complex. Have any of you suffered the following: Watching a computerised smart car with a gun follow you? Have your belongings stolen? Have your passwords/ pc messed around with? Had your medication changed unknowingly? Had suspected your husband/ neighbour of a security career? Had money stolen? Had your mobile intercepted? Been spied on? Suffered trespassing? Had your privacy invaded? Seen various members of security in the community? Wondered if members of your family were involved? Had your possibility of a life stolen by people who feel more important? Had your safety stolen? Had your belongings moved around to mess with your head? Had a wild neighbour? Never having been involved with the above but subjected to it anyway?
176004720,"I can tell you as a former R.N., _AT_MENTION_ , that your Complete blood count, or CBC with differentials, all looks pretty normal. You have a few above average and below average values but nothing that stands out as striking. If you have any concerns about your high or low values, I suggest you talk to your PCP."
176004721,"I couldn’t form coherent sentences and would talk in a very backwards way. I also spoke to all the voices. I had memory problems, and poor impulse control."
176004722,"Just a really bad cough but I’ve had it for about a week now and it’s not getting better, started with a sore throat and a mild fever but that went away after a couple days. I wouldn’t have gone in to get tested in the first place but I made the mistake of coughing at the doctors office and they freaked out and sent me to get tested."
176004723,Mean? It wasn’t mean. It was an innocent question
176004724,Your English is way better than that of my Japanese students. You seem to be a native speaker of English in comparison. You have not written much that might allow us to judge how organised your thoughts are here but they seem organised to me.
176004725,"Hey _AT_MENTION_ ’ Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Volunteer Moderator _PERSON_."
176004726,"I posted in a different forum but I feel you all may or could believe me because I’m struggling every second of the day. Every day seems like a nightmare and also having nightmares every night dosemt help. So my latest struggle is that from my window I can see out to a home across the street. Well, in their home through their window I can see a television and see my household on their television. Meaning they are watching from cameras installed in my home _covertly) and watching it while I can clearly see it’s my household. It possess me off to an extent because it’s very intrusive. And another thing the cameras are night vision so there is no way out of this. It really bothers me that I personally don’t have any privacy at all. My thoughts my life everything about me is not mine. That’s why I value freedom so much because I barely have any. Also about a delusion being snapped by a person…i believe the delusion shapes a person and the person finds a pattern. I find my delusions true, bu
t, there are times on certain ones I’m just not sure or get confused. I think my voices want me to be confused at times. But it’s okay because I love them too much to let anything get in the way. It’s like you know they are there for the rest of time here, some, and I have to appreciate them listening to my constant talking and rage as well."
176004727,Thank you everyone I really was just looking for help and support on my last post didn’t mean to offend anyone. Maybe i’ll Just take a break from the forum for a little while to regain strength
174342907,"When I am in the state of flow, my Executive Functions get better and better. It happens fast. My looks also improve when I am in flow. Anxiety also goes away. This would be an interesting research topic for scientists. Flow and Schizoaffective together. My family gets worried about my health as I prefer seclusion, forget to eat, and can’t sleep. I have only seen one other person in flow. He was my Stochastic Processes professor at Columbia University. But, his intensity of flow would be 1/4th mine. In fact for the last three days I am in flow. I can concentrate. But I still have gaps while concentrating. I can go for 45 minutes to an hour in a go (maximum) I just don’t know a way of getting out of this state. Here’s more about it: https://www.google.com.pk/amp/s/www.huffpost.com/entry/consciousness-and-flow_b_1108113/amp"
176004728,"Because We literally cant afford the time off. We just had an eviction notice and had to borrow money to get out of that. I cant afford to miss time off of school. It could ruin my future. I am not suicidal I have a very high insight. I am like painfully aware that the things i say dont make sense, but theyre still very compelling."
176004729,"The antidepressants used to cause me psychosis and mania Wellbutrin was the first med I ever tried it caused me mania and psychosis. but ever since I tried combining them with antipsychotics and more sedating drugs, they help my psychosis a bit!!! I only require a small dose though. I tend to hate side effects of anti depressants so I take a tiny dose of lexapro only."
176004730,Very cool my friend. Keep it up. I quite like the music from Interstellar the movie. The music always reminds me of space.
176004731,Have you tried the crisis line ?
176004732,A lot of people here are still rockin’ a mullet. Business up front…party in the back!
176004733,"IDK. If this doctor causes you to lose your license, do you have any options like appealing his decision? Maybe even go to court if he causes you to lose your license? I mean your driving record speaks for itself, that’s a darn good record. Maybe a judge would sympathize with your case because you are a hard working, dependable member of society pulling your own weight. And to have someone taking away your livelihood and your ability to earn a living and support yourself, it seems anyone would see, including a judge, well, that just ain’t right."
176004734,I was told I only had to be a leading light on the holidays so the regular guy can be with his family.
174342909,If you can walk to the bathroom or the kitchen to get a _NAME_ you can def get outside your door to lie in the sun !
176004735,I thought I communicated with _PERSON_ or with the programmers of this matrix. OMG
176004736,According to these guys there is next to no thc.thid is from hemp plants not cannabis plants
176004737,image 3024×4032 3.32 MB
176004738,I thought I was _PERSON_’s soul when I was psychotic.
176004739,exactly. that is just wrong. why normies don’t get it?
176004740,"_NAME_, you need to go inpatient. I’m afraid you’re losing insight again. Get immediate medical treatment, Like tonight."
174342910,"Blockquote The team found that levels of a sphingolipid called S1P were lower in people with schizophrenia than in those without this condition. Levels were lower in a region of the brain called the corpus _USER_ID_ — the largest collection of white matter in the brain, which connects its two hemispheres. Abnormalities in this region could lead to irregular communication between neurons. Maybe it’s time for some Ashwagantha, then"
176004741,its a struggle and some days are better than others… i used to quit jobs and get new jobs thinking things would be better but the cycle would start again… this time I’m taking time off to work on it with a psychologist… its the first time speaking with a professional therapist since the psychosis… i don’t know why they never referred me before cos I feel my recovery would have been easier if they had
176004742,salvage of old metal and equipment from companies
176004743,"They have a lot of power over us, but their power isn’t unlimited. A lot of them have large egos. It takes a large ego to tell people you know more about them than they know about themselves."
176004744,Drugs are a massive problem. The older kids at school thought it was funny to get an 11 year old me hooked on them. Took until I was 17 turning 18 to get proper treatment for that
176004745,"The right to vote was fought for in the US. The right for equal pay was denied. When I was in school, there wasn’t even aa girls physical education class. If women complained about abuse, it was often ignored."
176004746,cbt = cognitive behavioural therapy
176004747,"I’m pretty good about getting to sleep at a reasonable time. Waking up, on the other hand… And don’t even talk to me about staying awake."
176004748,I know. I’m learning to accept it’s the anxiety talking . I just don’t want to get into that cycle of quitting another job again. Because I have a really flexible civil service job that’s zero hours. Meaning if im not feeling well I can just take time off for a bit and no one says anything. Won’t get that kind of job again.
176004749,With no other support probably homeless I’m sorry to say… Rents too damn expensive to live on my own…
176004750,I don’t know either. Hopefully will know more next week when I see a pdoc…no idea who the next pdoc will be they all keep leaving.
176004751,"campers usto have fish scales on the side as art work, many of old restaurants hang old tins and antiques on the walls you in to art? what kind _NAME_"
176004752,"Nah, he likes being strong enough to handle the snow."
176004753,"Zyprexa turned my mean voices into nice voices. They still are distracting but no longer viciously bully me any more. No other antipsychotic did that for me, and I spent a couple of years trying different medications before landing on this one."
176004754,When I’m unmedicated my voices call me horrible names and command me to do things. When I’m medicated they’re pretty passive.
176004755,My therapist was interested in the forum. She wanted to k ow if it was well moderated and safe for me. Told her how to find it. She hasn’t mentioned it again. I’m assuming she checked and believes me it is a safe place.
176004756,"Hey all, I’m gonna try to start writing affirmations every day, just trying to use my tools. I invite everyone to add their own!"
176004757,"If i don’t hear voices, then i hear other noises. The most recent one has been hearing insects clicking and moving around in my head. Thankfully these are not constant, as i am taking medication. I can only imagine what it would be like if i weren’t medicated."
176004758,Wow. I don’t think you meant to be rude but that sounds really rude
176004759,Do you have a therapist? That might help. It’s good that you’re staying off the alcohol. That’s a problem for me too. You might try an increase in medication. Talk to your pdoc about it.
176004760,"I have been on 300mg per day of pregabalin and it seems to work well for anxiety. I have managed to lose weight as I have been much more active and exercising - but everyone responds differently I guess to these things. The plan was to come off the diazepam and the pregabalin to replace it, but i am stuck on 10mg of diazepam at the moment as it made me very ill dropping down from 30mg over a few months. I hope they can find something else for you"
176004762,"Yeah that’s what I thought. I seriously thought I did something wrong, until I had to think about the facts of me never getting arrested and never detained at the airport. _AT_MENTION_ Unfortunately South Korea doesn’t recognize any of my education credentials, and only Canada does. They would only recognize me AFTER I get the degree. It’s kinda weird. So it’s either getting the permanent residence/work permit after school in Canada, or coming back to Korea. I’ve just decided to keep my situation open. South Korea has one of the poorest welfare systems and the _USER_ID_ against mental illness is extremely high. A few days ago, a couple in Gwangju died of hypothermia because the authorities did not intervene. They were both disabled and only checked on the couple 8 days later they died. But I would have to think about the choice of living here. Only the Heavens will decide for me, I guess. _AT_MENTION_ Yeah that’s what I was thinking as well. I was able to resolve it. Wishing you all the 
best."
176004763,_AT_MENTION_ What do you think is causing it?
176004764,Maybe beetroot…
176004765,"Looks like people who go off of their medications a lot and relapse a lot because of it, learn their lesson really well and learn to take their meds religiously and recover as a result. That is what happened to me. And a whole lot of other people apparently."
176004766,"Just wondering - if there’s link between altered circadian rhythm and sz/sza… I’ve always been a night owl, going to bed around midnight, but over last month it’s stretched almost every night to 2am or even 3am. I’d be up all night if I wasn’t worried about my health. And being awake at night I sleep in day from sunrise to 9:30am and again from noon to 3pm Is this common with sz/sza or other mental illnesses or is it normal with people? I could easily be a night shift worker lol! It’s 01:17 here and I’m still wide awake. Getting bored though. Maybe watch TV if there’s anything on - or else I’d be forced to go sleep. Every night 2am…wtf is it with me??"
176004767,"I like these videos, I hope they help someone out there!"
176004768,"While I like what the hearing voices movement tries to do in getting rid of the _USER_ID_, I have serious issues with their model of non-evidence based treatments and they are a bit too anti-medication. Also, I’m not sure I believe most auditory hallucinations have deeper meanings. I’m not saying its impossible, but I do know that asking someone who is psychotic to reflect on what their voices mean is asking for trouble with delusions. _USER_ID_: I thought she was associated with hearing voices movement, but she is associated with hearing voices network."
176004769,"Don’t drink energy drinks. I suffer from low energy constantly, but they make things worse for me."
176004770,"That’s like where I’m from. I ended up buying a 3br ranch with a 1 car attached garage in the boonies for under 80k. Its suprisingly nice too. But I get annoyed that everyone in town has spent their whole life here and nobody really looking meet new people. That’s the one thing I didn’t know about small town Midwest before moving out here. Coastal towns get expensive in Florida because of high property insurance because of the hurricanes. I never leave the house so I don’t need ‘stuff to do,’ so I like to maximize house/$ ratio. Ocala, FL I think is all retirees but you can build a house there for under $130,000. Health care is supposed to suck down there."
174342917,Why would anybody choose to have schizoohrenia?
176004771,"I have a medication alarm app to help me remember to take my am meds, afternoon meds, and psych meds at 9 pm at night"
176004772,Risperidone is not a big weight gaining drug. It’s possible to lose weight while on it through a healthy diet and moderate exercise.
174342914,WTF did I just read? Weird stuff indeed.
176004773,"Glad you at least got your costs up front. Makes it a little less painful, still not good though Make sure contracts are detailed and signed. Otherwise, it becomes a “he-said-she-said” scenario."
176004774,"My libido was almost non-existent on haldol. I was on a pretty high dose, though."
176004775,I dont have sz but about this topic i can say that in my crisis moment i was suspicious about real voices and i distorted them
176004776,"I would love to go out maybe and get a coffee with my friend and also go out shopping even though my friend doesn’t like me spending money, lol."
176004777,Oh he resembles exactly to me. I am shy too from the age I remember and have memory issues too like rapid forgetting which is causing my OCD issues. I think he have OCD too ask him about it.
176004778,"I wish I had a coworker here with me. The late night crowd is mostly gone now; it’s more the morning crowd now, people stopping in on their way to work. Totally different crowds. I’d much rather deal with the morning crowd."
174342919,"I’m stable on Abilify injection, fairly low dose"
176004779,"I could spend hours by myself playing with blocks, _NAME_ logs and my army men. And not get bored"
176004780,"spinach leaf, or steak?"
176004781,I sometimes believe that people are after me. Am I crazy or is this normal?
176004782,Anyone else here love sleeping?
176004783,"I miss my paternal grandpa, he was a kind man. Or well all my grand parentes are or has been. But he got a special place in my heart."
176004784,Oh I just found out they are going over to where their mom is at today. I don’t know if I’ll get to see them or not today.
176004785,You could probably improve your energy by having a more plain and simple diet. If you eat a lot of sugar junk etc it can cause a person to fluctuate between mania and depression
176004786,It has the makings of a romantic comedy screenplay if you work at it. The romance starts off on the wrong foot and progresses from there…
176004787,Thought broadcasting is in English from people who speak it.
176004788,I could probably live without both of those. But sugar and cooking my own meals is a challenge.
176004789,It will save 10 million lives per year. That’s just great.
176004790,IMG_20210423_021226912×1600 508 KB
176004791,"I would struggle to understand most of it, even though I have completed a few relevant neuroscience courses and got A’s… It’s very complex."
176004792,"Wow! That would have kept me up all night. I’m glad that you have a positive outlook! That helps, a lot!"
176004793,The low back pain was put down to wear and tear at the base of the spine . My stepdaughter has said that I walk wobbly like I’m drunk. My late wife also commented about it on several occasions . My stepdaughter has said that I’m the clumsiest person she has known . School reports from way back mention my poor coordination .
176004794,Necessary sometimes. Not my first choice but sometimes the best choice. If I hadn’t said ok I’ll go I would still be completely insane.
176004795,Negatives…
176004796,"PTSD from psychosis is not unusual. Might talk to your therapist about it. Also I think you should stay on your current meds. Yes, negatives suck, but with a lot of hard work and a good routine it’s possible to make them a little more bearable. A weaker AP would leave you with active psychosis. Nothing good can come from that."
176004797,Women generally don’t like it when strange men make jokes about their breasts. Can you really blame them?
176004798,Salvation Army on special.
176004799,"I like Super _NAME_, I used to play it with a N64 emulator on my PC with an Xbox controller."
176004800,"That’s what it is anyway, but as most people start to think that all the negative things are your diagnose, - it leads to an isolated personality that you self-determine."
176004801,"I was also convinced my medications were there to poison me. It took a couple months to get over that. Oh, I was going to suggest making a thread where you can post all of your questions if you are going to post more? I know that you made like 15 threads asking questions so I was thinking this would save you time."
176004802,"You over thought it, your comment was fine, you didn’t make me paranoid in any way x Thank you"
176004803,I asked but he couldnt answer
176004804,yea socializing is hard. I am glad that when i go for walk with dad we don’t need to talk much. And once every month mobile team girl takes me for a walk and then also it’s hard for me cause i can feel i need to socialize but i suck at it.
176004805,I was involuntarily drugged with haldol in the hospital in 1997. They gave me an injection in my butt cheek. I was so drugged I slept for a month straight. When I got out of the hospital I couldn’t take it anymore and quit. I felt my illness coming back so the doctor gave me Zyprexa. Haldol is not good for you long term. It was developed in the 1950’s. If you have acne haldol will make it worse. You should try and switch to a newer medication. Less side effects long term. Do no quit taking haldol in the meantime. Wait until you get a new med. I made the transition from haldol to zyprexa easily. See if you can get you doctor to give you 10 mgs of zyprexa. I’ve been on it for 25 years. It helps me sleep and I’ve gotten use to it.
176004806,"Not Really Sure To Be Honest. I Never Put Much Thought In Those Numbers. I Get Plenty Of Exercise. So. I Usually Jus Check For Caffeine. All I Really Desire Really. Yup!, Yep!. Yap!. Yas!. Uh Huh (!!!)."
176004807,About the same amount of time living with Schizophrenia but now 66 thus late onset diagnosis
176004808,"Yes I have a lot of problems with stress, and remembering to take my benzo at lunchtime. It’s 6pm and I only just took it and I feel rough as hell. So many things went wrong today… They do appear at work yes, but not when I am hyper-focused on a specific task. Work distracts me greatly from my problems, but I find when I stop working, or am at home, all I am left with is a pretty complex and broken thought processes. It’s really bad sometimes. However, I am committed to working now, and I have too see it through until i can afford to retire. They tried to write me off on disability, but I refused this situation due to the ‘hoops’ they want me to jump through just to get support I was desperate for the government to step in, but 6 months unemployed and sleeping in my sisters loft pushed me back into employment, as the situation was not good at all."
176004809,That’s tough. I’ve had delusions and voices that make me believe I need to die to wake up. It’s so hard to overcome. I still struggle with it and haven’t had those voices or delusions in over a year. I’m sorry you’re having to deal with that. Definitely keep pushing through and distract yourself as much as possible.
176004810,I didn’t have any visions but I thought about it a lot.
176004811,Huh bro can’t you not be an ass hole for once. All I said was your chat was not private if you’re publicizing it. Relax.
174342916,Not yet. He is going to up clozapine
174342926,So I have severe negative symptoms I want to get out of the house be fresh enjoy the sun go for a walk stuff like that keep myself clean and other stuff but I can’t. When will I actually do all this stuff? Is it never gonna happen?
176004812,We all know my answer.
176004813,Party time lol 6363536
176004814,Are you taking any antipsychotic now?
176004815,I haven’t been angry in years. Was a little irritable after work though.
176004816,"If you often feel lonely, I think you need a friend or a pen pal. How about your neighbors? Have you met them?"
176004817,Good Meh Bad 0 voters
176004818,"Yeah I still have a fear sometimes that I’m being spied on, but I remember if you’re not really doing anything wrong then what’s their to be afraid of?"
176004819,My pdoc just graduated like last year. Even when I had another dr who was seasoned he made mistakes but if you’re concerned just ask your doctor.
176004820,"I have several fears, but I would have to say the worst is that I do not accomplish what I have set out to, and what I was meant to in this life before I pass away. That seems sad to me. Which reminds me, I better get crackin!!"
176004822,"_PERSON_, they’re the highest food in fiber."
176004823,"So. With That in Mind, There is Always Thus…, Trust. Wants. & Needs. Ask Yourself, What is it You Want. Ask Yourself, What is it You Need. Now Grab a Notebook. (if you don’t own a notebook buy a notebook) . . . I’ll Wait…, O.k. Write Out All You Want And All You Need. If You Find Yourself Looking Over Your Shoulder or Not Being Completely Honest With All That is On Your Mind, Your Heart May Not Be in The Right Place. Which Means, Your Instincts, Intuition, Commonsense, & Goals May Need to Change…, To Sharpen Your Inner Being Tools Can Be a Real Easy Problem to Master…, Yuu May Being Wondering, [HOW DO I DO THAT MASTER], Well!, I Have The Answer!.., Nature, Karmic Wishes With Charity, And Helping Yourself, Slowly But Surely…, Before I Go Any Further, I Would Like to Invite Other Forum Posters With Original And Helpful Ideas on How Anyone Could Sharpen Their Tools on How to Be Helpful For Themselves And Others…, With The Foundation I Have Already Mentioned, Or Anything Else Valuable (
!!!)., So!, Please Join in And Share Your Magic Guys And or Gals (!!!)… . …"
176004824,"I have, in the past, had high prolactin levels which led to several issues. I don’t know anything about lowering it, but I do hope that you are able to get it sorted out. My levels were normal at last check, but I’m still having some side effects that I think may mean the levels have increased again."
176004825,I am 5ft10 and on 4mg Risperdal. When I was on Abilify I was going to the gym and was 200-210lb.
176004826,"sounds like a great idea but i think you should discuss it with a pdoc. you already sound calmer so hopefully… it’ll go away. hugs, _NAME_"
176004827,Nah. I don’t have any interest in my family history. But i guess if i had relatives who came from nobility that would be something different.
174342920,"I think it doesn’t. I’m on Abilify and I’m taking two antidepressants (Citalopram and Trazodone). Last year my psychiatrist tried to prescribe me a lower dose of Citalopram (10 mg) and I started to have suicidal thoughts. I started to be obsesed with suicide, watching documentaries about it. So I called my psychiatrist and he prescribed me the dose I was taking before (20 mg)."
176004828,Eat less. I eat small portions and have lost 41 pounds without exercise.
176004829,You’re quite welcome. Have a blessed day.
176004830,"No, I have private insurance through work. They offer a 25% discount, but we need to save our dollars for the kids now."
176004831,i’m willing to to give exercise a go. thanks for the tip rogueone!
176004832,I agree completely with Wave. You need a recovery time…
176004833,More exercise in my day. What it does is give you good feedback that your exercise and efforts are effective. All I added to my day was exercise.
176004834,"_AT_MENTION_ , please choose a rescue with foster homes if you decide to get rid of them. A shelter is likely to put them down"
174342918,"The Dr didnt want to prescribe Rexulti at first saying its the same as Abilify but I convinced him but then read the addictions and hypersexuality side effects on the FDA website, same as Abilify."
176004835,Easily top 10. Nah jk Im trash at conversation 4
176004836,that’s interesting. I’ve abused alcohol and some drugs during my life but I do feel like my brain is betraying me when I have episodes.
176004837,"I will collect your soul, if you dont want it…I’m making my own legion of souls…"
176004838,"Sometimes I want to attack the persistent place certain malicious voices come from. But not the entire universe, that would be really pointless and vicious."
176004839,You ought to know.
176004840,Because the line between mental illness and religious is very very fine. Belief in the magical/mystical/spiritual/supernatural are all common and easy to fall into delusions.
176004841,I like mangos especially dried. Delicious !
176004842,Geodon used to make me so sleepy that I used to almost fall asleep while driving on the interstate. Very dangerous.
176004843,"Knock on wood, but I haven’t thrown up in about half an hour."
176004844,Already did it
176004845,I will just go with my own suggestion.
176004846,I have little joys throughout my days and or weeks that keep me from going in a dark hole.
176004847,Hope you recover soon! Best wishes
176004848,I’m late 30’s Did ???? get harder for you as time went on _AT_MENTION_ ?
176004849,This was one of your better poems _AT_MENTION_ .
176004850,Nice job!
176004851,Thank God I paid off my home b4 I got ocd and sza
176004852,It’s a partial agonist.
176004853,Well yeah I slept but probably go back down. Why does it matter if Ive seen the pdoc? This symptom has been going on for years they dont do anything about it
176004854,I’m up… took a nap yesterday. I’m just catching up on the forum. I’m in a good mood. Do you have chronic insomnia? I do lol. How are you?
176004855,Congrats! 15151
176004856,"I would say yes, you still have the illness.its very rare to loose your benefits."
176004857,Were you on Invega or something else?
176004858,No prns I have alot of anxiety right now. It really sucks
176004859,"I had no choices when I started Medicare in SD. There was a program that I paid no extra for to have as advantage, but it basically made office visits 40 bucks and meds were 10 bucks or less. They cancelled it the next enrollment period. Since I have _NAME_’s insurance too now I don’t have an advantage plan cause his is 15 dollar copay office visit and meds are mostly covered, or I can fight with them to get things approved."
176004860,Thankyou. I have a nurse practitioner. I think she knows a little about medicine.
176004861,"Its the sz that makes you think that. I thought the same when unmedicated, its a form of paranoia."
174342928,"I’m on Zyprexa and I like it. Abilify, latuda, and Vraylar did not work for me. I feel good now. I still have all of my religious beliefs in tack, just not any unusual thinking. Also, I feel much happier with life in general."
176004862,"It won’t be God most likely a human aspect of yourself. My community is so abusive I can’t have any friends, most likely they will be enemies in disguise or criminal stalkers like my parents."
176004863,"I’ve stopped the tea, made me too sleepy. Kept taking mid-day naps. It really is sedative though. Maybe if I reduce the dosage (1 tsp boiled in 8 oz water) I could find that sweet spot. It’s okay though, my symptoms are so low due to other supplements now. Still approve of Holy Basil."
176004864,Mixing meds with alcohol and psychedelic drugs and stimulants at the same time ?????? up my brain it clinched that I need meds 4 life.
176004865,"Hi _AT_MENTION_. Welcome. If you find yourself in need of help, just tag a moderator. Type the @ symbol, then our names _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_, and _AT_MENTION_ Enjoy your stay with us! As for your question, you are not the first to complain of blurred vision as a side effect. Please go to a doctor about it as soon as you can."
176004866,How beautiful! 15554
176004867,thanks for sharing
174342925,I had read My Mysterious Son: A Life Changing Passage Between Schizophrenia and Shamanism by _NAME_.
174342939,I work full time. I also have a part time job now on top of that but have only done one day of that so far yesterday. I don’t shower every day anymore but I used to. I feel bad every day but I guess I am high functioning. Schizophrenia still sucks no matter what you can do.
176004868,I can’t find anything new and nice in me. I’m doomed. Nothing is good anymore.
176004869,Funnily enough i got my biccies and tea going on now. Copper was alright - just said i had to go back to the hospital. _PERSON_ gave me a lift back tho!
174342927,"A former colleague of my friend (who has schizophrenia) runs a non-profit is continually being harassed by someone she had to let go from her company. She is being threatened with rape, as well as all kinds of mean things said to her about her personality, business, and her living situations. The thing is this person who is harassing her also has schizophrenia. The emails are coming through a contact form with fake email addresses. We both know exactly who it is, and even I have received emails from this person. What should we do?"
176004870,I’ve tried talking about what happened to me and stuff that affects me like memories and past life stuff but it doesn’t help me. I think I need to find a different type of therapist perhaps non-traditional.
176004871,"You’re safe The voices lie They try to make you scared, hurt. You’re stronger than them Just keep going"
176004872,Best of luck to you and your sister.
176004873,"That was pretty rude of them, someone should have taught them some manners."
176004874,"Hey _USER_ID_, I’m sorry you are suffering. Ive been where you are, and as much as it sucks to say, you’re going to have to force yourself to do something to get out of your rutt. It seems impossible, but it can be done. Just do something small and build on it. Brighter days lie ahead my friend. I was reading an op-_NAME_ comparing psychotropic meds to lobotmies, and their opinion was very biased and not up to date with current research. At the end of the day scrambling someone’s frontal lobe is considerably worse than the use of pharmacology."
176004875,"not sure about that, the intention was radio and broadcast frequency over Targeted Individuals. They may be crazy, but they may be right."
174342934,Yes abilify is very activating. My paranoia actually worsened on abilify. I’m stable on clozapine now
176004876,"Im too scared to leave the house at the moment , maybe when things calm down"
176004877,"Dont know how long or how often you’ve been drinking, but if it becomes a habit; it’ll eat away at your personality and character. Yes, even if it is just a few beers."
176004878,"That is more than understandable! So was I, but I feel much better now. Invega _PERSON_ was by far the most miserable antipsychotic I have ever been on! The doctor that switched me said it takes a number of months for it to be completely eliminated from your system. Even after a few months I could still feel the effects of Invega!"
176004879,"_AT_MENTION_, you play drums don’t you? And if so, how are your lessons going?"
176004880,I’m currently taking risperidone and my doc wants to me to change it to Vraylar. I want to know if it helps with positive or negative symptom (especially avolition)
176004881,I only had a common knowledge of _PERSON_ in high school. I think my friends and I used our psych knowledge more to tease each other than to have any serious interest. I was “accused” of having penis envy - lol.
176004882,Yeah it is in a way because I knew very little about psychosis until it was almost completely there
176004883,You were very delusional for a while. I’m glad you are doing better.
176004884,I should be less than 68 kg. Or less than 150 lb. I’m probably around 90 kg.
176004885,Your haikus are always so sincere. I wish I could write poems like that.
176004886,"Eat a banana, I guarantee you will remember you had one."
176004887,"I sure hope so, I’ve dealt with a longing that hasn’t gone away for a long time. I tried fulfilling myself in various ways, still haven’t found it yet, but I’m still trying. I think that’s worth something. Always thought provoking work, cheers _AT_MENTION_"
176004888,The soldiers/office workers are back with a vengeance at work. We went from about twenty people in the whole building to about 60. It makes a difference. There’s a lot of people that I don’t mind seeing but there’s a lot of strangers too.
176004889,"You probably would be more successful finding the info you are looking for, on the internet. Searching on Google etc. Welcome to the forum."
176004890,Propranolol is a beta-blocker used for high blood pressure. I wouldn’t recommend it because it can cause rebound hypertension.
176004891,"The voices have reduced drastically… May be one or two in a month… I find it really hard to know what is reality from hallucinations … Like only when I listen to some songs ,I go high … And some movies as well. I lose in touch with reality … But no much voices… I am find difficult to know what is real…"
176004892,Yeah that was the original moonwalk!
176004893,The sun aint gonna shine is one of my favorites! RIP _PERSON_.
176004894,I don’t either. 151515
174342940,"My 23 years old son is diagnosed with schizophrenia. He is prescribed 20mg olanzapine and a monthly injection. He was discharged 3 days ago. My worries now are that the med is causing him headache and sleeping most of the time. I am also worried the side effect of the long term side effect of the med i. e. weight gain, diabetes and cholesterol. Anyone on olanzapine?"
176004895,"It can be. Depersonalization Manual Depersonalization Symptoms: 10 Most Common (& Why They Happen!) Depersonalization Symptoms include Time distortion, Confusion, Vision problems, Headaches. Fear of going crazy and disturbing thoughts are also very common. Est. reading time: 14 minutes"
176004896,i have headphones already so i dont rly need them
176004897,Nice work _AT_MENTION_ !
176004898,_AT_MENTION_ Really!? Has it caused you any problems with anyone?
176004899,"That is what surprised me so much. I was floridly psychotic in the doctor’s office and was not the best at talking and was taken seriously, I do forget though that the doctors probably have access to my medical history and could probably see that I had been on meds for anxiety in the past. That is info they share isn’t it?"
176004900,"I’ve read a few notes from way back in the early years from about 2002 when i was first admitted to 2004/5 and it is very professionally done, i remember my old p/doc and cpn, I cant wait to get to the years 2010- present as i think these are my best years"
174342944,"“When taken by mouth: Phosphatidylserine is POSSIBLY SAFE when taken appropriately for up to 3 months. Phosphatidylserine can cause side effects such as insomnia and stomach upset, particularly at doses over 300 mg.” Once or twice a day is probably just fine"
176004901,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_. That’s such an awful feeling. Are you in a group home?
176004902,"Not really a side effect, but a constant symptom. I’m on a vitamin complex because of it. I’m not entirely sure what it has- my doctor prescribed them. I’m so tired. I can’t do anything. I can do some stuff when I’m feeling alright but I get so exhausted. I’m just like feeling that my life is in constant fatigue now. Welp."
176004903,"I’d say today I feel 35, yesterday 75, tomorrow who knows it changes every day."
176004904,I soft noises such as my phone going off
176004905,It’s best to eat something light like yogurt if you’re going to eat before bed.
176004906,600mg Seroquel Don’t know how I stayed conscious _AT_MENTION_ 1200 mg holy crap how is that legal
176004907,"It’s just psychobabble. I said a lot of weird stuff I can’t make sense of, like one person in my ward being _PERSON_ reincarnated, from a black hole or something. Just nonsense stream of consciousness."
174342941,"So… I have no idea where I put my lexapro (antidepressant)… I swear it was sitting on the counter… today I grabbed the bottle thinking it was that… but nope, it was a bottle of 10mg abilify, so who knows if yesterday and the day before if I took my lexapro… I might have taken an extra dosing of abilify? so that means I took 25mg of abilify the last two days… great."
176004908,He such a recurring thought
176004909,"When you are not stigmatized in the group and are allowed to express your frustration over _USER_ID_, I can see that."
176004910,"If your pregnant are you gonna keep it? Know its sounds hard - but try and let your anger go. It will only eat you up inside and probably affect your mental health wellbeing. Write your feelings down on paper - and air your concerns there. Remember only you can help yourself. Look for positives, the very fact you have posted - shows you want to feel different."
176004911,Have you consulted a doctor?
176004912,Maybe you see what you want to see. Or you interpret normal tongue movements as suspicious
176004913,so wussup ? …
176004914,"_AT_MENTION_ thank you. Finding someone has been difficult. I know a lot of the locals in a professional manner and I don’t want my career ruined. My biggest hurdle is following the steps I’d advise someone else to take. I can’t convince myself they won’t relieve me of my parenting duties. It gets so bad I think they’ll force me to become sterile so I can’t have any more, or that they’ve already done that. I have fertility issues but I haven’t been able to wrap my head around that and apparently some of the conversations I swear I had with my doctor about this never happened. I’m slowly losing my reality. I am so scared of what would happen to my son. He’s my world. I’m half convinced my husband would take him away from me and they’d leave me and I’ll never see either of them again."
176004915,Late breakfast here. I ate two meat pies. I can’t post pics 'cause they are in my tummy.
176004916,"yea people enjoy the pain, pain is close to pleasure i guess."
176004917,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176004918,Did the voices stop for you?I have a friend who’s voices went away and he’s not on medicine anymore 7 years from when he was diagnosed
176004919,Call the cops! That’s awful!
176004920,"Bro idk how to tell you this but like… Women deserve rights… Feminism is important. As for arranged marriages they are a terrible concept. Forcing people to be together regardless of their feelings or consent is just plain wrong, and traps people in horrible, toxic, and possibly extremely abusive environments."
176004921,"yeah, generic, Venlafaxine. if your doc says so, I just upped mine, cuz of dark feelings. hope you get the right cocktail. takes time."
176004922,Glad it went well. That encourages me for when I go next week to see my new one
176004923,20210303_1810073120×4160 2.09 MB 20210303_1810153120×4160 2.26 MB 20210303_1810373120×4160 2.07 MB
176004924,How is noom going? Is it value for money and what does noom actually do?
174342947,That’s a good point. In so many ways my life has gotten so much simpler since my diagnosis. My whole family has pretty much accepted it and is extremely supportive. It’s not every day your first born son lights himself on fire thinking he’s _NAME_ the _PERSON_.
176004925,IMG_20190904_190947.jpg 3120×4160 1.5 MB
176004926,I’m in the same boat as you my friend
176004928,If people were nicer I would…it seems like all the good people have gone.
176004929,"I meant I am not taking Niacin anymore. _AT_MENTION_ , are you taking niacin? I am definitely taking Amyloban 3399 still, it is basically my AP now."
176004930,I remember a time when I used to sleep 12 hours on a regular basis. Those weren’t good times for me. I was very depressed. Then when I wasn’t sleeping I was spending much of the rest of the day in bed just ruminating. I was quite ill.
176004931,_AT_MENTION_ the med guru
176004932,idk is there any deaths from fastfoods.
176004933,I get faint voices and am on 2 mg risperidone and 120mg of geodon. They only happen when I’m stressed. Sorry to hear you’re still suffering
176004934,It doesn’t hurt your stomach at all? I think I would hear gurgling if I tried that.
176004935,I was an engineering student
176004936,"I take buspirone, venlafaxine, prazosin and vistaril for anxiety."
176004937,There’s two spirits in my body besides me. I know the feeling!
176004938,It’s a system glitch. Random posts getting flagged and removed.
176004939,Always breakfast and dinner. Sometimes lunch and sometimes snacks.
176004940,Just had a Red Bull energy drink. Feeling pretty good right now.
176004941,"Nah im not deprived - just not bothered. Added to the fact i need a hella lot of foreplay to get the old chap up anyway. To be perfectly crude, blunt and honest, id rather have a wank - gets it over with as soon as possible! lol."
174342953,"Since I was six I was asocial and withdrawn,growing in for me strange place.I even was considered strange among family.Don’t think schizophrenia changed that.People who don’t know me for long time still are very rude bc of my strangeness.Can anyone relate?"
174342951,Schizophrenia: L-carnosine improves negative symptoms | Univadis Schizophrenia: L-carnosine improves negative symptoms Schizophrenia: L-carnosine improves negative symptoms I take beta alanine which is the cheapest and best way to get carnosine into your body. https://www.iherb.com/pr/Now-Foods-Sports-Beta-Alanine-Endurance-750-mg-120-Veg-Capsules/13949 I stopped taking it and my negative symptoms increased. So I’m back taking it. I only take 1 capsule.
176004942,Take my mother-in-law to have her first vaccine Get out there for a walk quite early Follow my eating plan
176004943,Normal tendencies can be discouraged. Controlling parents are only trying to protect their children but it backfires when it’s overdone.
176004944,"I had a strange thing that would happen to me when I did lots of math. Whenever I would look at buildings id see images of my head of the buildings being measured, angles calculated, diameters all sorts of stuff just popping up on anything I would look at. my mind was just imprinting the math on stuff. i guess our brains are good at looking at things in a different way. one thing I like about math is theres not just one way to do a math problem. I wasn’t the greatest at accurate numbers but I understand all the concepts I learned. plus computers are good for accuracy. I dont think id make a good civil engineer lol I probably am not picky enough and that would be scary for buildings"
176004945,"You might still be experiencing a level of psychosis? I guess as well as taking your medications, also try to reason why nothing could have happened because people undergo a lot of training and a thorough background screen process when working with us patients! The nhs are very good at helping patients recover, even if the meds don’t fix everything straight away. Manage your stressors with your psychiatrist or counsellor when you’re finally able to see them and you’ll find that you are back on track"
176004946,So do you think I am being hard on myself when I tell myself this?
176004947,"I don’t know if I was psychotic, but he was my friend for many years."
176004948,I’d like to be frozen and put in a glass coffin like Superman’s mortal enemy Doomsday and shot out into space to orbit some sun or planet.
176004949,I think your mind is playing a trick on you. If it gets too bad turn the TV off.
176004950,I started smoking again too only I’m a woman so…
176004951,I had a crap this morning
176004952,I’m on both vraylar and olanzapine. With just one AP I get symptoms as you describe. I used to pace back and forth in my apartment in the middle of the night talking to myself and my imagined voices.
176004953,"til tuesday, voices carry, rush, time stands stilll"
176004954,I wish that I would stop tripping out on the music being played at the grocery store. I always think that the songs are about me and they are playing the songs for me. My vanity trips with me a lot!
176004955,Staying on meds made me to get a job in worlds largest corporate training company. And worked there for 3.5 years unfortunately had to quit due to delusion and paranoid thoughts. I think it put me off track due to cigs.
174342954,besides its antipsychotic properties zyprexa has antidepressant effect in fact its the best antidepressant i have ever used its vey effective against negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia
176004956,"Okay, i thought you ment recreational use. If a doctor, and i’m definitely not a doctor, knows about your meds and interactions, you can have a painkiller, but it’s too complicated to give a good advice in this forum about which painkiller, there a lot of differences between them."
174342956,I have had schizophrenia now for 7 years but I wasn’t diagnosed till almost 2 years ago. I am in mental recovery now I have been for a year and a half ago. I also take Invegga injection once monthly I have been taking it the same amount of time. I stared my shot around same time my visuals began. My schizophrenia has evolved and I have friended my fear. I used to only b able to hear and feel them emotionally and feel them in my presence. Now I see so so much and I talk to them in my head not out loud in my brain. But have been able to stay in this reality been stable enough to get a job again. I dont know if I could stay stable without _PERSON_. I also get disability because of my disorder. So u can apply for benefits. I got mine in like two months after applying and got approved my first try. That might help u contributed to ur home. I used to be paranoid not so much any more. I but stay n treatment. Till u find what works for u. And it will help u later if there is ever any help for us with the 
law too. It helped me out with a legal issue that I’ve had more than one. I’m telling u all this not knowing ur symptoms but mine got me arrested more than once n in and out of mental hospitals in the five years it took me to get proper diagnosis. I’m happy now with my disorder now I don’t know what I would do with out my friends that no one can hear or see but me. I have one with me at all times now I am never alone. Point is I have grown with and to love my schizophrenia. But I know it can be rough whatever ur symptoms are. I also take tryleptal bus bar loxipen I cannot sleep without it oh n cloniden and another new med to help me with my rocking bac and fourth a side effect of my meds. So now I got Medicine for my medicine lol just keep trying and know your not alone there are 3million ppl in America with schizophrenia that’s less than one percent of USA. I feel blessed now even though I my symptoms caused allot of loss in my life in n got me locked up many times. I had to go threw it all the bad 
to get here I’m at peace now I will say a prayer for u.
174342958,You will always get it?
176004957,So far hit the 10266 mark! Had the motivation today.
174342961,I think you need at least 3mg. What’s your current Abilify dose?
176004958,"Hi, Does anyone feel like their symptoms are there 24/7? Also, I have been taking meds for a little over a week now and I don’t see much of a change."
176004959,You need professional advice on this. And you should get that advice asap.
176004960,"Wow, a voice from beyond the grave. Spooky."
176004961,"skinny me hi. let?s be happy for each other together. i hope everyone on here has positive feelings and days now. hugs, _NAME_"
176004962,"Yes, you definitely have symptoms that could be attributed to hyperthyroidism - I would get checked by a Dr"
176004963,"No one paid to have clinical trials in USA for sz, which costs a lot of money. The drug is generic now so I do not know if anyone would pay for USA trials. I also hope they would be liberal and approve it in USA based on foreign trials and safety."
176004964,Hey here is another supporter of you. Hope things work out. My cat says hi and wishes you better times ahead. IMG-20200317-WA00031568×3264 625 KB
176004965,"_AT_MENTION_ I absolutely adore your username! Welcome. If you find yourself in need of help, just tag a moderator. Type the @ symbol, then our names _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_, and _AT_MENTION_ Enjoy your stay with us!"
176004966,"I am finally getting it together. I read the first review on Amazon of the book “Atomic Habits,” which breaks it down chapter by chapter like cliff notes. That, combined with listening to the _NAME_ podcast interview of the author of Atomic Habits (episode #200), gave me enough notes that I took to create a two page spread in my journal with a condensed version of all the tips from the author and the book. I am now applying the methodology in my life. The idea is to bring order to what is usually chaos. A normal day from me is scatterbrained moving from task to task without finishing one first. With Atomic Habits, I have things that I do in order. I have a routine. And I have things that I pair together, for example something I want to do paired with something I don’t want to do, or something I don’t want to do paired with a reward. I have also read a few chapters of the book Getting Things Done. That book is more about the power of to do lists than the power of habits. I use a great app ca
lled Things on iOS and MacOS to organize my daily and weekly to do lists. I kind of have a hybrid system of my own. I hope to make a youtube video some day to explain it. Of course, a system is only any good if it works, if you work it. I’m planning a trial run of combining the Things app to do lists system with the Atomic Habits system. I will report back next week. Here’s a little snippet of my basic habits list. This may seem basic but I am trying to control it down to the atom and not take anything for granted. I copy this basic habits list every day into a new Day list, then I add the more specific things that I need to do for that day to the top of the list. Dream Journal. take care of cats Brush cats shower brush teeth Deodorant Make Tea Start Bullet Journal To Do List for the day Sing a song on Smule (happy) Eat Breakfast Clean Kitchen (wipe surfaces) Dishes I hope these ideas help someone. Your illness may make you feel out of control as it does to me, but you can manage it by adhering to a routi
ne. Thank you."
176004967,Yes getting a higher dose of risperidone and getting Zoloft and nightmare med has helped me with my PTSD also starting art therapy has made big changes in my life and now I’m looking into working on my retirement plans that I can achieve in nine years.
176004968,"Most airports have online maps. Try to save a picture of the map so you know where you should be going ahead of time. You can even draw your route if you want. It can be very confusing. You can say at the check in counter that you need assistance finding your gate, and they will assign an employee to walk with you to where you need to be."
176004969,Oh. I see. Yes that can be troublesome. Well you have to weigh it then.
174342959,Yes. That’s what it’s saying.
176004970,"Hi! Well, I have somatics and conversion disorder since 20 years in fact, but my fear of dying is new… I talk to one friend on the phone and he said, that I am really dying by poor health… Idk anymore if it’s just somatics and delusion of dying or really my poor health… But I lived almost in isolation for the last 20 years so idk how is my health and body now… When I am calmer and less psychotic in some few moments, I feel quite healthy still. But I am on 2 packs of cigarettes since ten years too… few body activity… and freaking anxiety around problems, which my mother has a bunch to offer me, cause she is old and weak and quite negative tbh, while I see mainly her… I was all shaky interiorly today, my heart was in pain too and the freaking psychosis of dying yeap… anyway, thanks for writing ."
174342972,Absolutly but you cant acquire the license to begin with if you have the disease. So either way theres no point in disclosing it
176004971,"Another line from Ganseki. (This is not video games, I do love song.)"
176004972,"Yeah, Abilify increased the voices, and I hallucinated music for the first and only time. Got off that shizz real quick."
176004973,"No, I was not interested in psychiatry, but I got diagnosed when I was 12, soooo…never really understood what it was all about until I got older. The older I get, the more I realize I know hardly anything."
176004974,"If you ever want to talk about Moms, PM me."
176004975,I found that a little cannabis here and there helps this feeling of the blahs. It gives you the feeling of elation. My doctor is on board and agrees with casual use
174342965,"I used to go to my family doctor for psych meds, until he decided I was a slow metabolizer and dropped me down to 2 mg of Abilify. I did okay for awhile so I thought, maybe he’s right. But then I ended up back in the hospital. So now I drive to see a psychiatrist."
176004976,"Do you have the need to brag? No. When I was an adolescent, I would brag a little, but in adult life, I stopped bragging at all to the point people don’t know I did something for them and they didn’t notice. But it doesn’t mean I don’t like recognition. I like to be recognized if I did hard work or something special for someone. Do you have a sense of entitlement? I think I don’t deserve a damn if I hadn’t put the hard work. Sometimes I do stuff for free for other people. Where everybody should do things for you? No one owes me nothing. Do you lack empathy towards others? Sometimes I cry if I feel someone suffered a lot. _USER_ID_: it doesn’t mean I’m perfect. I do have flaws and sometimes I brag and have sense of entitlement. But I don’t think no way people should do things for me. I have empathy but I know people who have more."
176004977,"I will die from a heart attack in my bed, even my parents say so. I gained 160lb from meds."
174342962,"There is a theory of negative symptoms that attributes them to ‘social defeat’ or to a type of ‘phobia of doing’ that has built up over time. I’ve been trying a new therapy based on this type of self-identification theory, i.e. we self-identify with words such as lazy, unmotivated, fatigued etc. So, the therapy is executed as follows: For three or four weeks for each word, use the word as the password for your frequently used internet and pc accounts. This teaches you to recall and enter the word and then immediately move on to the next thing, therby forgetting and depotentiating the word. The emotional weighting of the word should hopefully diminish over the few weeks and weaken the phobia. I’ve tried it for a few words and it seems to work. What do you think of the theory?"
176004978,"I also ate my lunch in the girls bathroom everyday @ school in 6th grade to hide from the bullies. Middle school, I hid behind the curtains on the stage during lunch."
176004979,The majority of the general public support common sense changes in policy such as universal background checks and restrictions on purchases of AK style weapons. That would be a good starting point.
174342963,"No. This is not legitimate science. Also, please don’t use reddit as a source of medical information. You clearly have a drug problem and won’t listen to all of us telling you to stay away from them. Don’t open another subject asking if drugs are okay for you. They aren’t. End of story."
176004980,"I had some pretty strange stuff, but eventually it left me."
176004981,My voices have punished me before and have had made pain in places along my body where even going to the ER and the doctors they couldn’t explain why I’m getting such pains internally. The voices don’t use short words like most have had been hearing and they have used 2 or more short sentences or long ones to tell me nothing but lies of what they are and are doing these things to me. Just ignore their lies as they don’t have anything over you as their guilt trips have no power over you. Just know these voices just make up lies of that they are here for and doing to you or maybe for you.
176004982,"My therapist cut off our session about five minutes early last week too. I don’t know why. We were really at a stopping point and didn’t have much else to discuss. Maybe you were at that point too. I’d just check and see if she makes it habit, Probably not."
176004983,Oh i also used to see skeleton figures in my room in the corner at night and id be too scared to go to the bathroom when i was like age 8-9 But dont kids imagine things alot when there young?
176004984,"Taking 425mg Magnesium Malate/day, 400mg of Doctor’s Best Magnesium/day, and one or two glasses of Smooth Move Tea/day. Adjusting depending on how it’s going. When having lots of problems added prune juice and a box of raisins."
176004985,"I had transference (projecting my feelings onto the therapist) with my last therapist. I found her so beautiful. Really stunning. I told her I can’t concentrate on anything she said, so I was switched to a male therapist. Anyone ever have transference with their therapist?"
176004986,"An acquaintance of mine used to obsess over finding the “One”. One day his therapist told him “_NAME_, not everyone is meant to be in a relationship.” This gave him some peace of mind and helped lift his obsession. It gives me some peace too. Not everyone has a missing half, some of us are whole all by ourselves."
176004987,"I’m with you, I’ve got to get myself prepared before I leave my place too. Can be hard"
176004988,"…by my singer/ songwriter _PERSON_. We were having a good email exchange about working on my ballad together, and then she just stopped talking to me…it’s been a few days now. Oh well, I’ll wait a bit longer for a reply and then move on, I suppose. She’s quite accomplished (written albums…etc.) Perhaps I was out of my league from the get go. Sigh!"
176004989,"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/9682273/ _AT_MENTION_ could be fake, dunno though"
176004990,I don’t think anyone’s really does
176004991,i get the second dose march 9.
176004992,Welcome _AT_MENTION_
176004993,Well it is just an interest but it made me realize that about myself. I am not as willing as I thought.
176004994,"_AT_MENTION_ are you okay? Where is all this coming from? No one else thinks this of you, you are being way too hard on yourself"
176004995,Also my son is making tofu stir fry in a little while so I can wait and put peanuts on that
176004996,"_NAME_: No, you must give me permission to dust. _PERSON_: I’ll think about it. The place is spotless as it is. We cleaned up the place yesterday, the whole nine yards. _NAME_: Lies. _PERSON_: You must understand that dusting is a serious business. The best of the best can only do such a thing. You need to practice. But not now. I’m busy cooking dinner. _NAME_: Why not teach me ? _PERSON_: Like I said, it is a very important art form. You must be ready. Ready for whatever. _NAME_: Ma, I’m ready…"
176004997,My sex drive is normal on 4mg Risperdal. I was too hypersexual on Abilify. I naturally have a high sex drive I think.
176004998,I’ve been hospitalized for this already… I’m now on a higher dose of my medication and I am in care by my mental health center. I just don’t know how to process this… I am continually hearing voices of the CIA saying that they are gonna abduct me from my home. When I was in the hospital everyday I kept hearing that I was screwed. I had no hope. They were basically promising me that they were gonna abduct me on my way home from the hospital… They said within the first 5 miles from the hospital they were gonna take me away. I mean they were pretty much swearing that it was gonna happen. Yet I made it home. I’ve been trying to hold on to the fact that I made it home safely. But now that I am home (While the voices are not as influential as they were when I was on a a lower dose.) I am starting to hear voices that something is gonna happen to me while at home. I’m trying so hard to process this… I’m trying to apply my own tactics on how to deal with this like remembering how in the p
ast I have had experiences telling me that I would be killed or die at such a time and it never happened. I wish I had a better support network and I’m trying to work on that. I just wish someone could tell me something to just make these problems go away.
176004999,Thanks guys for your support i feel little better.
176005000,"You might just have a lot on your mind. Happens to me sometimes. Might just be that. I have actually relapsed recently whilst still taking meds. They’re preventative not a cure. If you have this exam, it may be stress. My studies were the most stressful time of my life - don’t underestimate it. You will do better with a rested mind than with a crammed broken one. Give yourself a break."
176005001,"Since I am a pianist, luckily music doesn’t trigger my symptoms. I’d be in bad shape if it did."
176005002,nobody has helped me with trying to go off meds…
176005003,Talk to your psychiatrist about whether or not it’s the right drug and ask why do you know why.
174342980,You would hallucinate and your anxiety would shoot up. Speaking from personal experience.
176005004,"PubMed Multimodal MRI assessment for first episode psychosis: A major change in the... Multi-institutional brain imaging studies have emerged to resolve conflicting results among individual studies. However, adjusting multiple variables at the technical and cohort levels is challenging. Therefore, it is important to explore approaches..."
176005005,Did the anhedonia from haloperidol go away?
176005006,"I dont know how many of you somatize?.. I wonder if the Zyprexa can help me with my physical disabling and painful sensations with time? Lately I am trying to accept the illness, the things in life, but I somatize now… Nausea, some other bunch of stuff and the worst - weakness in my extremities from fear and irritability… Does your ap helped your physical sensations? Maybe I need more time for this? I cant take ads either, they all make my paranoia worse, I tried them… I also feel my chest tight and the stomach tight, almost a pain in my soul (in the chest)… Sometimes I think its my grief, sometimes I think its just crazy… But am not sure an ap can lift this?"
176005007,Me too brotha. Ice coffee from _NAME_’s here in Canada is the bomb.
176005008,I use a pill box and I set daily alarms on my phone and I mark down the times I take my meds on my phone too.
176005009,"I just suddenly got really bad anxiety. Now I’m shaking and using the bathroom a lot, and every sound I hear feels loud and threatening I’ve taken a seroquel but it hasn’t kicked in yet. I wanna cry"
176005010,I firmly believe that too.
174342974,"PubMed Serum Zonulin and claudin-5 Levels in Patients With Schizophrenia - PubMed The aim of this research was to assess whether or not changes in the concentrations of serum zonulin and claudin-5 in patients with schizophrenia could have etiopathogenetic importance. In previous studies, the data regarding the relationship between..."
176005011,Hugs to you and your family _AT_MENTION_ . Take care.
176005012,Do you use your phone to watch TV?
174342970,"We never know the future, maybe there will be a med for those negative symptoms. I have hopes for Xanomeline."
176005013,21 years and counting.
176005014,"Thanks, it takes a while you are right, practice and practice. I do what I can and sometimes my head hurts just thinking about it, but so far I’m managing."
174342966,"My pdoc room really lowered me off an AP bc of that issue. High prolact can erode my bones. I thanked him for caring for my health. But I do t know your levels and pdoc knows best I suppose . Mine were really high. You can also add Abilify to it to low the levels, it works. Look it up"
176005015,I have alkaline water at my house. I have less whole body inflammation but haven’t noticed any other effects
176005016,additional storage up to 2 tb. nintendo switch has 32 gb plus my micro sd expands 128 gb
176005017,"Why have a government? How the ???? does that effort ensure any freedoms or rights in a thoroughly capitalized society? Just put together an LLC and a web forum, skip the ???????? and democracy with it and all that crap, and ensure a teapot dictatorship!"
176005018,You’re half Mexican right? My daughter is half Ecuadorian but she doesn’t care about Spanish Pude hablar Español antes pero ahora no mucho. Ahora estoy estudiando portugues
176005019,"I pride myself on my objectivity. Sometimes I do get carried away with it, though. One time I was filling out a job application for a factory job, and one of the questions was, what are they odds that you think you have of being a good employee of this factory? I put down 50/50. Wrong answer. If I wanted the job I should have put down 100%."
176005020,Thanks everyone! I don’t have to work my 3 month notice which I am pleased about as I needed a clean break
176005021,"Really starting to panic now, I wrote extensively about my exepeierinces on here and I just realised it’s the internet and everybody can see it. I have mentioned _NAME_ several times in different scenarios. I’m mentioning their works and secrets so I don’t think il post anything about them again. Have thoughts of the higher ups being told about it and the whole of them knowing that I post about them"
176005022,"PubMed The functional significance of cognitive empathy and theory of mind in early... Theoretical models suggest that it is the interplay between social cognitive processes that result in adaptive social functioning in schizophrenia. This study explored the relative contributions of, and interplay between, cognitive empathy, affective..."
176005023,yes i am! thanks you can see my site (part of him is still in build process) olatimer.com
176005024,"I was once raped when I had just come off a 16 hour shift and was wearing baggy sweatpants and a t shirt with urine on it. No makeup, hair tucked under a ballcap. I was quietly eating a sandwich in the corner of the bar. It doesn’t matter what you were wearing or how you behaved. Rapists will rape."
174342976,So here’s my issue I’m currently on risperidone 3 mg and have absolutely no libido. Its starting to impact on my relationship as it use to be twice a week In January I see my psychiatrist and have two choices one to lower my meds further maby in 0.5mg increments down to 2mg over a period of a year or two which will be a 33 percent reduction which should have a significant improvement in libido.The risk with this is of course relapsing like I did on fluonxol on an equivalent dose which was 20 mg monthly depot My gut tells me I won’t relapse on risperidone because I’ve never been this stable in my life. The other option is abilify which might not be as effective and which according to my pdoc he has had many patients relapse on in any event usually they don’t change a med that is working. So which would it be blue pill risperidone or red pill ability.
176005025,Not anymore now that I changed meds
176005026,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_
176005027,"Is it the contamination style of OCD? By Catatonia, do you mean unable to talk?"
176005028,Invega caused severe depression to me. So did _PERSON_.
176005029,People that want to work and can will generally do so. To treat people like crap because they don’t work is dumb. It’s not that necessary a motivator.
176005030,I really want to be on this drug for my anhedonia avolition and amotivation but it doesnt seem to be avaible in Canada for some reason.
174342985,"He also had schizophrenia, everyone says pray for his soul but how can I when god, Jesus who ever he is doesn’t hear us. _NAME_ lived in so much pain with his schizophrenia he was in and out of the psych ward his depression took away his shine. Who am I suppose to play catch with on Sunday nights now."
176005031,I used to shout but more recently I have been a bit more with it and kept quiet It also highlights to me that I get excluded socially as it’s the only situation I can reference of recent times where I meet new people and they shun me
176005032,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005033,Should I take the blue or the red pill and what if I skip the pill?
176005034,I’m considered 100%. Not including physical disabilities. But totality of MI 100%
176005035,"Oh,hope you feel better.I really prefer headache over vomiting.Once I was addicted to the vape,nicotine gum and was vomiting a lot.Now I am trying to quit nicotine all together"
174342978,I was diagnosed bipolar at mental hospital 10 years before I got schizoaffective last year. My paper had ? mark for schizofrenia all that time. I’m guessing that you just have to give them as much info as you can.
176005036,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176005037,I fought the law and the law won.
176005038,"I don’t know what to do with my anger. And I am afraid to let it surface. So it comes out in painfully inappropriate and unfulfilling ways. Angry with the deceased is a strange thing, You can’t express it or mend it. I guess I could shout out loud to the breeze but the rest of the house would not put up with it. Warm up and forgive I’m telling me."
176005039,"I’m glad I arrived at Where I am now, I just wish the journey Had been more pleasant."
176005040,"LS! I prefer female singers. _NAME_, _NAME_, _NAME_."
176005041,I am single as well.
176005042,"For me, my psychosis has gone into remission. However, my most distressing symptom is suicidal thoughts. I have strong suicidal ideation when I am depressed. I heard that it’s common in people who have PD. I’m glad that I upped my dose so that I don’t have to suffer these thoughts 24/7 along with really bad depression."
176005043,Yes I did! We met on pof aka plenty of fish
176005044,should I reduce it from 10 mg? or what should i do?
176005045,"Why would you post this? It reads like either demanding emotional support from others or manipulating people by telling them they are responsible for your emotions. You are not a horrible person. You just need to find a healthy way to regulate your own emotions, and not be dependent on other people to help you regulate them. Whether you pay back the money or not is your choice - he said it wasn’t a debt. You are not immoral if you don’t repay him."
176005046,Amisulpride Pregabalin Diazepam Procyclidine Levomepromazine (PRN)
174342979,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ I think you’re taking far too much niacin for it to be safe long term. There’s a lot of false hope around niacin for schizophrenia. WebMD Niacin (Vitamin B3) WebMD explains the role of niacin - vitamin B3 - in improving cholesterol levels and lowering cardiovascular health risks. Risks. Niacin does have risks. It can cause liver problems, stomach ulcers, changes to glucose levels , muscle damage, low blood pressure , heart rhythm changes, and other issues. People with any health condition including liver or kidney disease , diabetes , high blood pressure , or cardiovascular problems need to talk to a doctor before using niacin supplements . Do not treat high cholesterol on your own with over-the-counter niacin supplements. I also recommend taking a look at this article https://www.quackwatch.org/01QuackeryRelatedTopics/ortho.html"
176005047,fdierpgij4p9tju4gpe5jgpegjrgjergjer;jd;bjd;jg;gvjrglkreljgeglrjgrglglrgv900×600 47.7 KB
176005048,"It took me a paragraph to say it, but yes, that sums it up nicely. (Don’t forget offices)."
176005049,Cheers! That’s great!
176005050,"Glad to hear. I’m quite jealous, I tried to come off invega and ended up hospitalized again and put on the same dose as I started off. Your story is inspiring. When did you join this forum?"
176005051,"Thanks, I hope so. No more commenting for me, that’s for sure."
176005052,qp|| Wisdom Pursues Determination The Skeletons Purpose Surrounding The Nerves. ||||||
176005053,"I recently went on an adderall binge for school. I figured I hadnt been psychotic in awhile, I was good. I could use the drug constructively to get more work done than I normally could. I wont lie, it worked beautifully for the first couple weeks, wrote one of the best research papers of my life and coded an entire neutron population simulation for a reactor in less than 2 weeks. But eventually I started just taking it for the high, and things went downhill quick. I wasnt getting any sleep, no work got done anymore. Then I graduated to meth, and things really went downhill, I got very paranoid, up for days at a time and then I finally cracked and heard loud voices screaming at me. I freaked out my roommate (he moved out after, lol) and he told me to go to the hospital so I did. The detox was rough, I slept for days at a time, and I was still hallucinating. Took weeks for that to go away. I also went off my meds during the binge so idk what caused it, the drugs or the lack of medication or the lack 
of sleep. Probably all of the above. But now Im back on meds, no drugs and getting plenty of rest. Still have the occaisional voices but theyre easily dismissed because I know theyre not real now. Sorry, long post, had to get that off my chest lol. For anyone out there looking to experiment with uppers, my advice is: don’t. It will always take away what it gives you and then some. Thanks for letting me get that off my chest. Once an addict always an addict I guess"
176005054,Go to the hospital or call your pdoc.
174342983,"As I mentioned, I am doing better than any point in my life. So, the Clozapine was added to the high doses of all the other medications?"
174342984,"I turned down Clozapine and went on Amisulpride and it was the best decision I made. Amisulpride is second only to Clozapine, and at the moment I get no side effects."
176005056,"Yes, ive been called a deep thinker by my therapist, pdoc and even the mental health workers on the phone. I tend to talk about the universe, existence, vibrations, and how humanitys answer may lie beyond our stars. I also have minor apophenia even on meds. Its nice that ive found a non schizo to talk about this stuff with tho online. I spend hours talking with them about dreams, stuff i mentioned and poetry. I wish i could find more people like that. Tho i dont have much in the delusions that they say stuff behind my back. Maybe cause ive adopted a cest la vie attitude lately lol."
176005057,"Oh, I’m so sorry. I don’t have any bursts of energy, so I can somewhat relate, enough to feel incredible compassion for you. Do you take any stimulants?"
176005058,"Now a voice interrupted me “you must die” and I shout ????? you!”, and she said “no need for shouts , my dear” with a calm voice"
176005059,"I don’t have any permanent ones anymore, though I sometimes get a whiff of them - like walking past a bakery and catching a whiff of freshly baked bread for a few moments. I used to think my left arm wasn’t mine. And sometimes that people could read my thoughts. The only half delusional idea in my brain at the moment is that I need to give a family member with cancer some of my blood or organs so it will cure them. It’s silly, because it’s not like I have cancer-curing superblood, or the organs they have cancer in are transplantable (brain and intestine). But somehow I can’t shake the feeling I can save them."
176005060,"Never met a normie who thinks what you think outside a very small selection of my geek friends who live for SF. You’re out there, man."
176005061,"I literally just watched the first few mins, and turned it off. Kinda got the gist of the theory, but disagree with it. For me I associate dreaming with imagination, not akin to psychosis."
176005062,"ask your doctor for anti depressent, being depress is not joke it serious might lead suicidal thought, cutting yourself, low- self esteem issue. Seek medical attention immediate dont joke around with depression. Depression its not fun, its suck. Im taking escitalopram for depression."
176005063,Japan 1_PHONE_NO_
176005064,"I’ve had so many people say nice things about me or do nice things for me. I was looking at old, old posts and man, people treat me so good here and my sisters and step-dad i know my faults and bad sides and weaknesses and still treat me good. I don’t want go home to the apartment from hell but right now I’m feeling grateful for what little I got. I think I’ll have a good night, I have a little money to spend so I’ll go wander through Target or the grocery store no matter how I feel and treat myself to something."
174342988,Poisons are plants too Are you ok? Weed is legal here and has a warning by Health Canada that it causes or worsens schizophrenia. Weed made me become violent and nearly killed my brother by throwing knives at him. You realize that you can permanently damage your life and the life of others? Weed has been proven to worsen or even cause early onset schizophrenia. NEP4954140999×581 79.2 KB
176005065,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005066,"I’m just curious, and maybe I can learn something…because you said you are not depressed…so how do you stay not depressed when you are in bed most of the time?"
176005067,did you have a headache? thanks for the welcome
176005068,What’s a good meal before I stop dining out for the month? Chicken Wings Burrito Poutine Pizza Burgers Subway Sushi 0 voters
176005069,"goldenrex idk what you are saying probably all bad but just so you know, there is no point in writing on my threads anymore or replying to me as you are on mute, just saying, you trigger the sh#t out of me"
176005070,Tbh N I can’t say this enough I just miss jogging mainly. It does so much for me. I think if I get back into jogging I can knock this pulsatile tinnitus out of me. But I still dk if I want to come off my meds next year n that’s wat I’d need to do to b able to jog again But otherwise I plan to get rid of it by other means (the PT)
176005071,"Well done, My pal isn’t doing so good, he is in debt that will take ages to pay off and he has diabetes, he quit for aa week but back on it again I think its a lot in part to the fact that he doesnt recognise greed, it is a very selfish thing i think."
176005072,"I’ve been posting on this forum for over 5 years. Over this time some really funny stuff has occurred. The biggest hoot of course was ‘The Flash’. What, to you, was one of the most humorous moments on this website?"
176005073,It doesnt help me sleep i take another medication for that.
176005074,No I don’t smoke.
176005075,Well thats great…
176005076,"Hopefully I didn’t offend you _AT_MENTION_ , I was just pointing out the stuff that didn’t really make sense to me"
176005077,Happy leap year.
176005078,"Getting up early is great, Getting up at noon isn’t, Today I got up At noon"
174342989,"Quite honestly, I think I was different. People passed it off as me just being and intelligent geek type of person. I mean I got good grades and was into geeky things, but at the same time I don’t think I was like the other kids. In a way no two people are the same so being different is nothing out of the ordinary. I think I wasn’t normal though. Maybe that is the case for many of us. I did have a pretty normal childhood in comparison with my friends. It’s difficult to explain, I guess I was a weird kid that kind of fit in. People just viewed me being different as a form of intellect I guess."
176005079,_PERSON_’s might help but the one that helps your depression. It really is my problem symptom and I take oodles of effexor. I’m not sure it adds to my energy. What does is exercise. Costs you nothing but adding exercise has helped me sleep 8 or less hours a day rather than 10… It can make a huge difference.
176005080,"I used to obsess over things, but then I took the view that I don’t give a ???? anymore. The thoughts are still there, and sometimes catch me off guard, but grounding seems second nature now. Getting the point of insight immediately after an obsession begins to manifest itself is tricky, but well worth working it through _PERSON_ years, but pretty much there now. If you want these people to leave you alone, pay them lip service, and don’t act out."
176005081,"Are you a voice hearer ? Why this start of response, even thought I know its lockdown."
174342997,"My pdr doesn’t want to prescribe Rexulti because he says it has the same side effects as Abilify, both have similar chemical structure."
176005082,Right. What goes around comes around.
176005083,Maybe the side effect will dissipate after you’ve been on it a while.
176005084,anyone try st _NAME_ wort
174343001,Can you cure schizoaffective disorder? By healing I mean disappearance of the disorder without cure! My pdoc said yes! And yours?
176005085,Right now I have these weird _NAME_ show feelings too. But I kind of believe it’s really a concerted thing where everybody plays a role. And I don’t really think it’s a game… it’s something serious.
176005086,I wouldn’t like that either. I would feel jipped.
176005087,"If you’re a writer and a poet you’re sometimes accused of this, it’s all about you and your life. I’m not overly, but I figure, it’s my book, it’s my blog, well, hell ya. Get your own."
176005088,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174343010,It really gets on my proverbial tits when its been said to me im “Schizo”. Theres something derogatory about it that pisses me off. Maybe im being a snowflake - but i prefer “Schizophenia Sufferer”. Its been always said in a dismissive way to me - as if my feelings dont count - and thats all i am.
174342996,It seemed like a good fit to my symptoms. I know a lot about the diagnosis and had expected something like it. I was actually a bit relieved they were taking it seriously.
176005089,Thinking of you and how you are doing.
176005090,Yeah sometimes our mood don’t match the nice weather and atmosphere. I have isolated when I should have been going out.
176005091,The blood test is to make sure your white blood cells are not low.
176005092,Don’t worry about it. We all have to vent and it’s better to post it here than keep it bottled up
176005093,I’m thirsty but my water filter isn’t done yet and my water isn’t cold yet
174342990,"Yes but OP asked if they can tell something is wrong, not if they can diagnose you with schizophrenia."
176005094,"Today my ex texted me that I needed to update my pictures more on social media. Like, what. Out of the blue. I can’t wait till I’m at the age where it is normal to be settled. I’m tired of this young people crap"
176005095,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_ , it is a big relief. I pray you will soon find relief too."
176005096,"Hopefully they can find the right combination of med’s that will work for you. Stay in touch with your pdoc about it. Show your pdoc that you’re searching for the right med’s, but you’re willing to work with them to find the right ones."
174342994,I hope it does tho my pdoc still diagnosed me with disorganized schizophrenia even if I was medicated
176005097,It is actually a copy of an artist called _NAME_ Grey. This is the image: Wrong thread by the way lol
176005098,You might surprise yourself.
176005099,Thanks means alot 1515
176005100,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ , your thought broadcasting sounds really similar to mine - my neighbours hear them and sometimes repeat them. I broadcast to my entire office at work. Have you found a medication that works for you? I have never been very consistent with taking anti-psychotic medication, so have never found the solution."
176005101,Every instrument is supposed to play a unique song independent from the others. Simultaneously many pieces of music in one song.
176005102,"Welcome. If you find yourself in need of help, just tag a moderator. Type the @ symbol, then our names _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_ , _AT_MENTION_, and _AT_MENTION_ Enjoy your stay with us!"
176005103,"I like to think, I left a good impression here since 2015"
176005104,Same here. Mainly from people who get it. I have my wife and my dad. But its difficult for them when i have “scary” symptoms.
174343006,"All things facts about what is ID of the hallucinations or the phonetic thoughts ( voices in common knowledge ), remain unknown For example, can you imagine the mental mechanisms that be used to transformation the phonetic thoughts (voice) from the emitter (hallucination) to the perception of the receiver (person) ? If hallucinations say a sentence -If he says You do This is the action and the reaction (If he says you will think,his saying become your own thoughts ) you have 2 options,repeating what he says or make self-defense to block your mind from repeating the received sentence For your knowledge,the energy that drives a phonetic idea (voice) said by the hallucination is greater than the energy that a human being can expend while he is sitting / standing in the absence of movement, to a degree that it induces the organic body to change its position or moving the tongue to pronounce the prompt sentence (to speak the commanded sentence) The self-defense is not easy as you think,specially the hal
lucination have the full ability to saying new sentence every 3 seconds all time of waking and you will lose an amount of your energy for just listening to each phonetic thought ! You and most of you saying voices,while it is not voices in nature at all , because they act as powerful thoughts more than the natural thoughts"
176005105,"The world is a jungle and a hard place to live in and people are weak, that’s why they slip and do bad deeds to each other. It takes tremendous effort to be kind in every situation. But still some people manage to stay kind despite the odds."
176005106,"It might the opposite way around, when you are having a cold or a flue,You feel your body in another way. I also have theese flu like symptoms when stressed"
176005107,"Well, she just messed up the dishes by putting a whole bunch of soda in the dish washer. I don’t know where she got the idea."
176005108,Nice job man! Keep it up.
176005109,"The NHS is great, but it has it’s problems. In mental health the system is very stretched. For therapy for example, the waiting list is 18 months where I live. If you get discharged from the psychiatry back to primary care, it can take weeks to get back in, which in my case led to being hospitalised twice because it was just too late. Also - and I only had to wait 4 months, Autism assessments have a general waiting list of up to two years, with no actual support just diagnosis. The plus side is I just pay a set amount through taxes. My medications cost me £100 per year, which is a massive saving to me. I would however pay for private care, but I just cannot afford it. I am not knocking it, but the resources allocated for mental health is not enough, and that’s a government decision to increase it, which makes it a political argument. My case manager for example is clearly told to be obstructive when people ask to see doctors unless they’re acute, you can tell by how he behaves"
176005110,You should be fine. In most people it’s just a head cold. It’s only dangerous to immune-compromised people.
176005111,"Disclosure: After posting this, I decided to become a VNDA investor. Already made about $100 on paper."
176005112,Lesson one Life’s not fair What’s lesson two Going to be like?
176005113,its bc trump banned the pride flags lol
176005114,"I took basic law enforcement in 1996. Almost became a cop. Took an herbalism course. Got a certified nurse aide license in 2002. Started my bachelor’s of science in early childhood development, but dropped it. I also have a degree in witchcraft from the school in New Bern North _USER_ID_, lol, does that count?"
176005115,I’m not saying you’re impaired or not . Just that to get the dx a person has to be seen to be impaired in a few ways. Whether that person sees themself as being impaired is another matter.
176005116,"I stop working in 2 weeks. I still dont know what to do. I want volunteering or a simple job. Ideas? What was your nicest simple job or volunteering job? Im easily bored intellectually, have ideas. But Im not a good organiser, im not stress resilient, im shy. I can do work related socializing somehow, like polite chatting with guests in a coffee bar, but you wouldnt want to put me in sales."
176005117,"worrying serves me a good purpose it is a preventative mechanism/strategy to bad things. but perhaps it is on overdrive sometimes, i am not sure now! will have to reflect on that ‘wishing things were better’ yes. i do this a lot in some respect. i guess it is one of my limitations…defo."
176005118,I guess I’m not so sure what this means now.
176005119,"I guess for me I enjoy the the process and the product to the extent that even with a grand total of like 7 fans in the entire Universe (maybe 8 including myself, but I didn’t say that…), I am satisfied just having made something that didn’t exist before I created it - whether just plain beautiful, or ugly in a beautiful way. You can be proud that you have an ability that is not only not common in this world, but also unique to you and that carries pieces of you with it. I know it sucks looking around and it seems like success is everywhere but in the space you occupy, but you are a soldier for taking on any art form. $$$ is great but it isn’t an ultimate definer of worth. It can be a cold world. Besides, if you are on this forum you are battling things that most people can’t even comprehend the scope of. Darn neurotransmitters. And for me trying to have a sense of humor about it helps."
176005120,No. I can’t paint at all. The middle pic was taken out of a magazine. I just put a frame around it.
176005121,He didn’t know what he was talking about. You should have dared him to take your meds for 1 week
176005122,"Avoid anything with caffeine like coffee, tea, energy drinks, mate drink, hot chocolate, etc Try relaxation music on low volume. And yea exercise improves sleep time, depth and quality."
174343000,"I don’t know about that, my negatives make it hard for me to enjoy things but I guess I can explain that in time. I am worried about interactions with her family if that ever ends up happening, still probably a long ways out but nevertheless I don’t know how to convince a group of people who don’t know me that I am worth a damn. The issue I hate near the top of the list is my weight, I hadn’t updated my profile in a while due to not being interested in anyone I was seeing and there has been a little weight gain since then. This has been due to meds but I don’t know that people can understand that unless they have seen it themselves, I’m not too bad it’s just a belly that comes out more than I would like."
176005123,"we have to eliminate what disproportionately set against people by social class, inequitiies, and right now deaths Covid-19 large sector, underserving, misrepresented peoples of any distinction, and stop saying, Distinction! I’m on the fence even saying this, torn over these white guys with sympathy saying, I don’t know what it’s like to be judged by the color of my skin. Are we that open to say that by race we are in two different worlds? huh?"
176005124,I love a woman that can make beer just kidding
176005125,"No way really!? _PERSON_, maybe my doc should’ve given it more time?? I did switch meds eventually because of the lactation but I am still lactating on the new one… I think I’m just prone to lactation, it’s been bad with almost every drug."
176005126,"Your drawings always look realistic and alive, nice!"
176005127,"I think happiness is a cycle. As one person told me, a person who is happy all the time is just as unwell as someone who is sad all the time. What goes up must come down. As the others have said, just enjoy your good feelings while they are here."
176005128,The phantom always spoils all the fun by giving me a headache.
176005129,Me neither. _PHONE_NO_
176005130,Love this one It has brightened my day _AT_MENTION_
176005131,"I’m trying to remember my past life and memories as a ‘bulk being’ in the bulk or anti-de sitter space (‘5th dimension’), which I think means we live in a computer simulation, and I thought I worked on it. We essentially live in a black hole. From interstellar: Interstellar Wiki Bulk Beings In Brane cosmology, the central idea in many theories of physics, is that our visible, four-dimensional universe is restricted to just a membrane inside a higher-dimensional space, called the Bulk. The ""bulk beings"" referred to in the film are... Perhaps, my information will be useless and pointless as usual. Maybe not, someday? It’s probably a waste of time. Honestly, it was better there than here. They can cure schizophrenia and perceive time in two dimensions I think. Imagine seeing the whole timeline like you perceive one instance of time. Amazing. Reminds me of some sci-fi books like “Slaughterhouse 5” and the aliens who abducted that guy. Interstellar Wiki Tesseract TheTesseract is an eno
rmous, hyper-cubic, grid-like structure and a means of communication for the bulk beingsto express action through gravity with NASA. The bulk beings can perceive five dimensions as opposed to four, able to see every moment in... _PERSON_ (physicist) says it will take 10,000+ years (bad estimate?) to create a black hole “power plant” but _NAME_ (my doppleganger/delusion/alter) says his civilization was working on it 10 years from now and probably decided against it. I’m not sure if this information is worthwhile or important or would be stupid to share or pointless and moot. It just shows that people can be wrong and are wrong a lot. Was I from a more advanced universe originally? Is this hell? en.wikipedia.org Tralfamadore Tralfamadore is the name of several fictional planets in the novels of _NAME_. Details of the corresponding indigenous alien race, the Tralfamadorians, vary from novel to novel: In the novel Slaughterhouse-Five, protagonist _NAME_ reports that the Tralfamadorians look like upright toi
let plungers with a hand on top, into which is set a single green eye: ...they were two feet high, and green, and shaped like plumber's friends. Their suction cups were on the ground, and their shaft... Maybe lady luck (serendipity) will help me some day."
176005132,"After my diagnosis everything was a blur. Olanzapine made me very tired all the time and I just took the pills with little understanding of what they could do, as I discharged myself from care within two weeks of diagnosis. Two years later I snapped when I found out it was the drug contributing to how I felt, so I tried to take an overdose of it and ended up in hospital again. I went from weighing 59 kilos to 96 kilos in two years. I went onto Latuda for 18 months and went down to 79 kilos, but since that gave me akasthisia I had to move to a few others and now I am 87 kilos again. I am trying one last time to reduce my weight starting monday with riding a static bike for 30 mins every morning monday to friday. If that doesn’t do it, I am just going to accept that things are ???????"
176005133,by “into captivity” do you mean not speaking ones thoughts? I have been taught to “guard thy tongue.”
176005134,"I don’t think it’s normal. But with disability checks and only being allowed to keep a certain amount of money saved, and the super expensive meds having you to be on Medicaid or whatever. Yeah that’s a trapping of the government."
176005135,Welcome to the forum.
176005136,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
176005137,I seem to get in trouble when I drink alcohol. I take my meds at night. In the morning I used to drink orange juice and got a reaction from it. Then someone here says orange juice actually contains about 2% alcohol which might explain it. Anyways alcohol is a trigger for me since it crashes with meds and makes my head feel impaired.
176005138,I could take up ice fishing. _PERSON_ sit in a cold house waiting for a polar bear to kill ne. _PERSON_
176005139,20191007_1751181404×2794 1.01 MB
176005140,as far as I know auditory
176005141,I am but I still miss the first year after stopping my meds. I made friends in Germany in university. I took a German language course. Made two male friends and one girl from Spain. I helped the girl with her homework. We played soccer too in the university. It was in Hanover.
176005142,Oh my gosh those are such perfect names!!!
176005143,"Upping This, maybe loxapine? Only read about it."
174343019,"Idk why I didn’t tell anyone for so long. I kept it a secret for so long. Such a big mistake. Cos the illness got more n more traumatic. And you know, the longer you are ill, the harder the chances are for reversal"
176005144,oh and my screen name was originally ZombieMombie because I like zombies and a zombie mom is a Mombie. I changed it to DearZombie because I used to give bad advice and was an undead Dear _NAME_ type.
176005145,"? you should only see blue skies, sun, trees, animals, humans, stars, moon, clouds. No aliens. They dont exist. Are you alright man."
176005146,I can’t get off my meds or I’d go stark raving crazy but I would like someday get my dose lowered
176005147,"Yeah, he was probably trying to impress someone - like himself."
176005148,"Alright, have been working since 16 except when in college (well I worked in college on weekends) or unemployed. I actually started with farm work around 3rd grade, by helping plant, water, and sell Mum’s for a while. I have helped with bailing and know I don’t much care for hot barns. While in Junior high in the summer I detasselled and derouged corn. My first real job was as a proof operator at a bank in highschool at 16. My first job in college was as a lab analyst in a water treatment plant, did that when I was around 20. I was also a lab assistant for a general chemistry class for a semester when I was 21. After graduating with a bachelor’s degree in Chemistry I became a lab technician doing vitamin analysis using HPLCs for infant formula. I did that for a little under 2 years. My next job was as a drug product chemist at a generic pharmaceutical company. I did that for only 7 months before being let go. My next job was a contractor as QC Chemist at a pharmaceutical company that made rar
e disease treatments. I worked there doing alot of different things before being told one day that I wouldn’t be coming in tomorrow, I wasn’t fired but they ended the contract, probably found a fresh grad who was cheaper. I then was part of an inventory project as a contractor at the pharmaceutical company I am still a contractor with, now in a different company and role. This was when I was 26. I started my last role as a laboratory instrument services technician and did that for about 3 years. I was 30 when my contract was ended by the pharmaceutical company and given to the competitor I am currently working for. Now I am still a laboratory instrument services technician at the same pharmaceutical company I have been at for 4 years with a new contract company and I get to be on-site in the midst of COVID-19 testing as an essential employee who has done nothing but online training since last Monday which was my start date."
176005149,It could be because you are dieting and lost a lot of weight. Also hypothyroidism or dehydration can cause low body temperatures. Maybe you’re electrolytes are out of whack. Try drinking some Pedialyte.
174343011,"Yeah, they don’t listen to anything you say in there. It’s just noise to them. At the end of my stay they transferred me to a hospital for a month before my trial and it was at that hospital they finally gave me my meds again, which made me sane enough to sign the papers to get out."
176005150,"When you’re less neuroinflamed, it happens less."
176005151,I once called cops on myself over drama during breakdown and wrote bunch stuff on police Facebook page which I don’t recommend
176005152,"_AT_MENTION_ I had thoughts, command voices, and urges at different times, but I never acted on anything. I always inflicted pain on myself to keep the focus on me."
176005153,"Is your personal finance,good,medium or bad? I am starting to have a little bit of debt now,I owe 300 ringgit to a tv service provider company.I am clear of debt beside this"
176005154,You should set up an insta page and publish your poems is really good
176005155,"Yeah, the kitchen belongs to the woman. There’s exceptions though."
174343012,It makes me angry that my Dr doesn’t know this. They just teach drs to push drugs. How come nobody knows this?
176005156,I keep bouncing from 157 to 160 and back. Very frustrating. My goal weight is 150.0
176005157,I’ve been having mood swings. I wonder if it’s the hunger or the diet pills doing it.
176005158,I take latuda and seroquel. I have a sex drive that is actually a little too high. though I might just be manic
176005159,I do not know more about it. But I have catatonia for over 20 years now. Mine is partial one and it keeps on worsening.
176005160,My mom’s sweet and sour spareribs with rice
176005161,LS! I recently joined a gym. Basic-Fit Baarsjesweg Amsterdam. For app 300 dollar a year. There are five gyms nearby my house. I have been there ten times this month. At home I have got adjustable dumbbelss and a Concept2 rowing machine.
176005162,Seems an interesting article!
176005163,I always have mine in the arm now. Maybe placebo but it seems more effective. Plus if i get delayed pain - i can sit down!
176005164,cops showed up at my house one time and escorted me to get my shot when i wouldnt show up for appts. now i take my meds voluntarily.
176005165,"really like the second one the most, would hang it up at home in an clearly visible place"
176005166,Oh I hope you start feeling better soon _AT_MENTION_ You deserve some happiness
176005167,"Since your daughter is a sociopath, I’d believe him over her."
176005168,"Ahh. Well in that case, yeah, might be time to look into meds. I’m sorry, I know how badly you wanted to be on fewer meds. All the antidepressants I’ve tried made me super weird so I dont have any personal recommendations. I hope you can find something that doesn’t force you to choose between your mental health and your physical health."
176005169,"I’m going to go to the drums on Friday. I have to go to the pharmacy today…in around an hour from now. I’m going to go to the grocery store, later on tonight. I plan on getting a pumpkin pie."
176005170,Yes I noticed I do
176005171,"I’m going to be tested for ADHD. Not sure which subtype I have if I have it at all…I guess that’s why I’m going to see a professional. It could be a couple months away, I guess. It’s affordable but might take hours or something. I’m doing a full neuropsych evaluation. I’ve been putting off the paperwork but it’s due in a month. Got it 2 days ago."
176005172,Best of luck
176005173,Can u text her or get a new one?
174343030,I had this with geodon. Was able to successfully switch meds. I understand if you are on clozapine that is probably not very possible. One thing that helped a little was taking half my dose in the AM and half in the PM
176005174,I understand _AT_MENTION_ not wanting to go to the hospital because it was a doctor who hurt me to begin with. But continuing to hurt is not right either.
176005175,I take it. It makes me too brave like doing risky things my psychiatrist and medical doctors have lowered it but I need to take it to lower my blood pressure
176005176,Meltdowns. Everything feels bad physically and mentally. Sounds hurt. Light hurts. Anything touching me hurts. I don’t do well under pressure. I try to ignore things because of this.
176005177,This is the problem The pdoc will put me back on Zoloft just to shut me up
176005178,Think it’s very important to go at the pace that works for oneself Overwhelming oneself doesn’t help. It’s good to see what your limit is by pushing as far as you can go and then work with that limit one step at a time at a manageable level so that you can actually make progress. People are really different idk why some people appear to try harder than others I really think it has something biological physiological circumstantial etc to do with how much willpower someone has. Some people seem to have more motivation and willpower than others but it just seems to be like that there’s no one to blame. I think it has to do with intrinsic confidence levels too maybe. I mean my friend she gets _PERSON_ much done compared to me she has had so many great jobs and long term bf and stuff even before I got ill. She always seemed to be more fruitfully productive. I think the root of motivation is an interesting topic!!!
176005179,I have _PERSON_ and CPTSD I’m trying to work through my issues in therapy I hope we can be friends! Welcome to the forum!!
176005180,Very true _AT_MENTION_
176005181,"I’m about a week on new ap. I think _NAME_ I’ve topped out. My sleep is hit and miss and I have dry mouth. I’m ready to get back to work and start living again. Hope and help is there, don’t give in, don’t give up. 143 xoxo"
176005182,Might depend on your level of need
176005183,"I placed a bet on that either I would find a Saint a wife or the Saint would find one himself. Was that wise;?; Am I rich enough, in spirit or in wealth;?; Do I have enough experience;?; I myself dream of a sister and more nephews, on both sides of my family. I dream of a son and daughter for myself. I imagine it will happen far in the future when I am 103. Life is eternal. Thank you."
176005184,"en.m.wikipedia.org Wishful thinking Wishful thinking is the formation of beliefs based on what might be pleasing to imagine, rather than on evidence, rationality, or reality. It is a product of resolving conflicts between belief, and desire. Methodologies to examine wishful thinking are diverse. Various disciplines and schools of thought examine related mechanisms such as neural circuitry, human cognition and emotion, types of bias, procrastination, motivation, optimism, attention and environment. This concept has been examined ..."
176005185,"Hopefully I’ll get on the treadmill too, mostly I’m gonna stay at home all day, might do some laundry"
176005186,It’s okay. It’s a very delicate subject.
176005187,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005188,"If I take it on an empty stomach, it makes me feel really dizzy and sleepy. I suppose one could call that a high. It’s definitely not a good feeling, though."
176005189,One Truth that we should all Trust
176005190,83802510_1011898359183151_5374891411889979392_n1063×1417 117 KB
176005191,I was like “why is ninja taking roofies?” but I’m not one to judge.
174343021,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov The effect of anticholinergic burden on cognitive and daily living functions in patients with schizophrenia. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ Moon, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_, Asian journal of psychiatry , Oct 2019 13 This study aimed to explore the association between medication-associated anticholinergic burden and cognitive and daily living functions in patients with schizophrenia.Sixty patients with schizophrenia were recruited. We used the Anticholinergic Drug Scale (ADS) for evaluating medication-associated anticholinergic burden. The MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB) and the University of California San _NAME_ Performance-based Skills Assessment (UPSA) were used for evaluating cognitive and daily living functions. To assess clinical symptoms, psychiatrists conducted interviews using the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale and the Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia.Subjects were divided into low (n?=?31) and high (n?=
?29) anticholinergic burden based on ADS scores of 3 or more. The ""high ADS"" group had poorer cognitive (composite MCCB score, p?"
176005192,We need _PERSON_ to cast the deciding vote here.
176005193,"He just wants to have a small chat with ya, just to apologise, act normal no need to feel nervous"
176005194,I get terrible ibs due to mostly psychological stuff
176005195,"And all us resilient people on this site who have every reason to give up, but keep going. Sometimes it’s OK to run away, and live to fight another day."
176005196,Test the spirits it says… @ ABOVE lol
176005197,I was half psychotic with some catatonia on Latuda.
176005198,I haven’t played since childhood
176005199,Your lucky _PHONE_NO_
176005200,I look forward to reading it
176005201,Both dead feeling and psychosis are bad to experience. With deadness I can’t feel things and with psychosis my mind is too active to the point of agitation. Maybe psychosis worse as it’s more acute. But fortunately I’m more inclined to feel dead. My psychosis is not as severe as my deadness. Only thing is my deadness as it lasts longer is more disabling. So it’s hard to say what’s worse really. The one is feeling too much and the other too little. No balance either way.
176005202,I went out today for a short walk. It wasn’t easy as I was walking slightly uphill. On top of that I’m finding my lower back aches after a short time.
176005203,"I take B 1, B2, B3 because its in my magnesium supplement. I take it for my muscle function. Helps for that."
176005204,I get overwhelmed easily.
176005205,Good luck with Latuda. It has worked really well so far for me. Just make sure you get good sleep as it can mess with that.
176005206,That ubermensch / untermensch stuff is a pretty rotten premise. Pretty much the setup for tyranny.
174343027,"Negative symptoms are questionable for me, I wasn’t bothered by them and they didn’t need fixed, my pysch just assumed I have apathy and avolition by me being flat but I don’t. I notice in reviews a few people mention concentration and motivation worsened on abilify."
176005207,Ha ha! Well I wish that I could say that same!
176005208,"The best thing to do with intrusive thoughts is just acknowledge them and move on with your day. The more you try to ignore and block them out the worse they will get. You need to say ok I am having this thought, it does not represent who I am and I can’t help that I am having this thought. Then just go about doing whatever you’re doing."
176005209,Thank all you guys. I stayed in the library today longer than yesterday. I will keep trying and increase the time I stay. I experienced the same thing. I hope I would overcome this fear being slighted when I take exams coming soon. I used to have some headphones too but not used anymore.
176005210,Don’t worry. You’ll get used to sneering by me. Most people on the forums dislike me. And that’s okay.
176005211,"My brothers found out that I am here by looking at my cellphone without my permission. They told me don’t talk with loosers or you will become one. They told me to talk to normal people not crazy ppl. I know they’re wrong, it doesn’t matter who I talk to, ppl won’t magically heal me. I need meds to heal. I like passing time here just like my tech forums. I will stay here."
176005212,I have a problem with insight. I’m very bad at figuring out what’s real and what’s not. I try though. People often throw it in my face if I’m wrong about something. I don’t know why.
176005213,What meds do you take?
176005214,"Oh noes, now the authorities know how much time I spend surfing lovemeow.com."
176005215,Sweet sounds fun !!!
176005216,"Be careful with messing with your main AP. I have messed with about 6 meds in the last 2 months, but I was always told by my old pdoc who’s now happily retired (I hope), that the Amisulpride is the doctor drug, for doctor decisions."
176005217,"Well I don’t know your story, so I’m not going to pretend that I do. If you are surely positive that people whom you wronged will not forgive you. Perhaps there is something in your local area that can help you to make new connections? New people surely don’t hate you, since you’ve done nothing wrong to them What I’m getting to is that positive connections invites back positive energy, thus building rapport with yourself."
176005218,I hope you do too
176005219,Moved to amulsipride awhile back. Clozapine wasnt doing the trick believe it or not
176005220,_AT_MENTION_ souls
176005221,I get a rare side effect with risperidone where i get leg cramps and leg pain from walking a short distance. It builds up and eventually cramps. No other ap gave me that.
176005222,I day dream all the time.
174343031,I had false memories of the past and then asked people about it that were in it and they didnt know what I was talking about maby knew them from another dimension its the only logical explanation other than regular psychosis
176005223,I’m thinking now that the puzzle wasn’t a particularly difficult one but only that I tend not to notice what’s right in front of my own nose.
176005224,It’s pretty difficult to score better on an IQ test than your level of intelligence would suggest. You can fake bad (at least somewhat) but you can’t fake good.
176005225,I’m pretty experimental; any resemblance towards anything is accidental.
176005226,"Yeah. But I think you have good excuses. They might ask you what the disability is so prepare for that in the interview. Anyways, I was just curious in case I return to work. I need to figure out what I’m going to say. Good luck on the job search!"
176005227,"_AT_MENTION_ i know exactly what you mean. Yes, most therapists, especially PhD’s are full of ????. I had a psychologist who was awful. She basically bullshitted her way through these 25 minute to half an hour “sessions” just to get paid. She then decided to ghost me, and dropped me like a hot potato before I got the chance to leave her first. She was a lazy useless person who basically milked my insurance to get paid. Fortunately I found a new Clinical Social Worker who is implementing real and proven therapeutic techniques like DBT and CBT. What I’m saying is don’t give up. There are some qualified therapists out there among a sea of charlatans who pose as “therapists”. IMO Social Workers usually make better therapists than PhD Psychologists. Although my last therapist before the awful one was a Psychologist and she was wonderful."
176005228,I’ve never been very ambitious or competitive . Have the meds increased that ? I couldn’t say for certain .
176005229,I feel your pain
174343033,"Schizoaffective is treated with both a antidepressant with antipsychotics. Don’t be intimidated by the doctor, if you don’t think you have schizoaffective tell him."
174343026,"100% understand, but I believe you would be seeing prime time commercials just like Viagra if even one of those dick extension things existed worked in any way reliably. I think you’re setting yourself up for failure."
176005230,Lie. 1515characterd.
176005231,Sounds nice.
176005232,"I will say _PERSON_ . Just Kiddin or _PERSON_ , just laughin"
176005233,Not really… My parents just celebrated their 60th Wedding Anniversary last month…and my wife and I have been together 30 years next year. So finding your soulmate can occur I reassure you.
176005234,I live alone in a one bedroom flat that’s approximately 15 miles from campus. What I pay for living space here is 41% cheaper than the student accommodation they emailed me about
176005235,I would guess the blood testing place is different because of covid. They might be by appointment only to keep down the number of people in the waiting room.
176005236,Definitely train the non-dominant. You never know when the dominant will be injured or just too busy and full to get an important booger out.
176005237,Thank you for support. Unfortunately i couldn t find any solution yet. Because i couldn t know if this thing real or just delusions.i hope this is just delusions. ? have to think rational to find out
176005238,Good news! I contacted my insurance company again and I misunderstood. They will reimburse her! I’m so relieved! I can continue seeing her!
176005239,wtf 1_PHONE_NO_
176005240,hi thanks! and for visiting my site
174343034,My doctor told me diagnoses are for the doctors and we should focus more on the actual symptoms we are having because they are different for everyone and the doctor has to verify them you cant diagnose yourself
176005241,"Wow! It’s a good thing you had the ability to see that! I can relate, I used to get chronic sinus infections and they were stumped as to why. Then I had food allergy tests done - caffeine, cola, aspartame, and chocolate. I was drinking several cans of Diet Coke a day and eating chocolate regularly. Once I eliminated those foods, my sinus infections disappeared like magic. Sounds like you should definitely reintroduce one at a time so you can get an accurate picture. I have heard a few negative things about Whole30, but I think it’s a good plan from what I know of it. I think you can say bad things about just about any diet out there. You are a success story!"
176005242,Sometimes it’s good to ask for help when you need it. Get in and relax. I know it’s stressful but you’ll be ok!
176005243,"Tbh I can’t remember really, but that does ring a bell. But I really hope your MRI scan comes back with good news."
176005244,What are you eating? _AT_MENTION_
176005245,"You welcome. That sounds like a solid plan. I apologize if I sounded a little harsh towards the whole granola treatment in my response. Some of those people mean really well. I forgot to add that at least she’s close by you. So if she starts getting weird, it’s hopefully not too big of a deal since you can walk home."
174343037,"Yeah, I’m tired of taking the meds. It’s like beeing trapped in a second rate alternate reality. It’s frustrating all the things that are lost to me that I had before. But on the other hand I guess I am lucky that this didn’t happen to me 50 years ago and they give me electroshock therapy instead."
174343035,Welcome to the community! Help yourself to the coffee.
176005246,I had sex the last week but i can’t ejaculate because of meds. My libido is low but I still want to have sex. Sex or some kind of affection is really healthy for me
176005247,"If you hold false beliefs about the murderous intentions of others, men in white coats will be doing you a favour by calling you delusional."
176005248,What dose u take of those 3 meds?
176005249,Agree. Strongly. My voices told me I would be loosing my mind and going back to hospital and I told them they couldn’t take my soul
176005250,The only other hand I can think of that is China had 0 new cases yesterday and the disease is still actually containable.
174343038,I think a lot of pdoc’s start out with the supposition that you’re deluded. I would have appreciated a little more empathy.
176005251,"If anyone in any circumstance thinks because they did something so you can too, they’re ignorant and short-sighted. I just live the best I can, day to day. I’ve been very lucky/blessed to have had people help me in my life, which has made it possible to do things I might not have otherwise been able to do. But I can’t do some things very “high functioning” people with sz have been able to do and I never will. And that’s ok because I’m living my life not theirs."
176005252,"What do you like to play? I used to play Skyrim like it was my job. I downloaded the Sims a few weeks ago because I played it high school, but I find that the new version is too loud and contemporary for me."
176005253,‘_NAME_! Look eye! Always look eye!’ (- _PERSON_) I dunno why your poem has reminded me of the movie Karate Kid…
176005254,What meds should I take next? I took ability 4 days ago I have been hyper active and can’t sleep I’m going to speak to my psycho doc
176005255,no problem. Hope you feel better about staying here.
176005256,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005257,"Been doing 20,000 plus steps a day and lots of exercise. Eating better and losing weight slowly. It’s hard work but I’m way more motivated to exercise which makes it easier. Image-1 (10)1125×1125 90.9 KB"
176005258,next to it I am taking seroquel XR 200 mg ot so psychosis may not come back
176005259,Thanks Italy How’s it going with preparing to leave the farm
176005260,"Helloo Number 9 is defo my favourite one of these though I can’t figure out the song meaning, it is nvt a beautiful piece of music"
176005261,No. Someone else has the same qualities as I have. I’m not God. Darn it.
176005262,No worries! That’s why I asked before offering!
176005263,"I have a hard time showering because I am scared that the men downstairs will come and get me or that I will find a demon when I open the shower curtain. Or equally as bad, if I take a bath, a demon could appear, and I would be trapped. If I’m having a good day, I do my shower on my own but almost always when someone else is home. First, I wash my hair by bending over the tub and using the detachable shower head. Then I style it and put it up. I wait a few minutes to let it dry and to let my fear pass. About half an hour later, I step into the shower and wash my body. On bad days, I either skip or have my husband sit in the bathroom with me and talk. If hubby is in the bathroom with me I can wash my hair and body all at the same time."
176005264,"_PERSON_ reached a point here, where they can go suck eggs"
176005265,"Panic and anxiety attack, no sleep, intrusive thoughts with no privacy"
176005266,"It is my experience that if you find a first generation med, which you can tolerate side effects wise, it is often more effective than a second generation med. This is purely my own experience"
176005267,I was dependent on my provider’s husband. I kept going to him until my provider pointed it out to me and put her foot down. I’m denying that there was any sexual attraction to it but I’ve been denying that all my life.
176005268,Really good guys! Do some more!
176005269,I can’t afford hotel stays so I don’t know. I stayed at hotels a few times in my life when my former stepmother paid for it and we stayed together. I stayed at Versace once which was super nice with breakfast buffet. She paid. One night.
176005270,"good luck, now you got me scared about the heart thing man shoot im i goining die soon, should i quit preworkouts all together and fatburners, i want to live a long life and not die early, im thinking twice, im afraid man. what do you reccomend me doing."
176005271,"I am a 58 soon to be 59 year old white male. I love music and art, second to my gf and my dogs. I am a funny guy, always cracking up my friends and family. I am a happy person."
176005272,the struggle with weight loss feels like that. I want to find some career counseling and get from disability to independence if I can but I don’t know if thats provided in my area. I’m going to make a call once I know my medicaid is back on.
176005273,I cant change him here. He has to approve the new psychiatrist by talking to me.
176005274,"How did the Latuda help you? Also, when you said that you were psychotic during “all that time” did you mean while in the hospital, or before then?"
176005275,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005276,The 9 months I was in the womb. There was no way of knowing when I was a baby.
176005277,"If they don’t call you, then call them."
176005278,Omg how I wish they were only good. Not me. Though they started off great each time.
176005279,"This was someone I used to do drugs with and get into trouble with Police. He was boasting to me about his drink driving, taking Valium, doing coke, being in and out of rehab and losing time taking drugs and stuff We chatted for about 2 hours, and I felt so awkward. I spoke to my mother about this, and she reminded me that the drugs councillor I had when I was 17 said to my parents not to let any excuse come around to fall back into drugs Shame. I like this guy, but I have moved on from all this ????, and I am afraid if I take him up on offer of socialising, I might end up taking drugs again Why is it I always meet people from my past and I get dragged into this? Why can’t I meet normal people who do normal things."
176005280,_AT_MENTION_. The Unusual Beliefs category is for discussing unusual beliefs in a recovery context. It is not an open invitation to post about unusual beliefs for the purpose of discussing them because you are passionate about them.
176005281,What does that mean?
176005282,Change your pdr then?
176005283,I’m on three antipsychotics.
176005284,Because it’s in your imagination. You don’t want to be on meds so you’re imagining things about them.
176005285,Thanks leafy _AT_MENTION_
176005286,How much sleep do we actually need? Those of us with sz. Do we need 10-12 hours of sleep or is it just the medication side effects? I have yet to find a clear answer on this via _PERSON_.
176005287,Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_!
176005288,No they didn’t tell me that
176005289,tell him not to just say that… tell him to show you… and that if that demonstration isn’t natural to him then you’ll probably loose interest
176005290,12th April for indoor pools _AT_MENTION_
176005291,"I will be going from 37.5MG of risperidal consta (risperidone) injection to 25MG of the same medicine. Given your experiences, what should I expect?"
176005292,cyber world has no wars
176005293,What’s the benefit of taking CBD oil?I heard it helps sleep
176005294,Have laser hair removal. Visit my sacred neigh. Clean bathroom and wash sheets.
176005295,Nice one! I like it.
176005296,What game would that be?
176005297,?f i weren t at disability position i would definitely jobless too.but i like to work.i just dont have strong work ethic because of medicines and disease itself.its just too hard to be on time at work and be stable and reliable worker.but at least i m trying.
176005298,_NAME_ oberst. Yes you are. You can have him. Do you hear me ? I’m not sharing my life with you. Please leave. I didn’t birth any of you. My dad says he had no kids other than me. ???? you and him ???? you ???? you? Hi write about how you fuvked up your half sisters life. I’m fine I know how you are.
176005299,"I just drink 1 or 2 drinks every once in a while. It doesnt seem to change much. I gave up drinking more than that. With more, I dont get paranoid, but i just feel bad. Low. Uninhibited. I dont like it. Thinking of quitting completely. I noticed lately that i longed for an alcoholic drink when i felt bad - that doesnt seem right. It isnt good for anything."
174343051,"I’m sorry I wish I could remember. He had a lot of secrets in his life that he did not make known. But that’s just what I read. There were negative things said about him, as well as positive. I choose to remember him for his successes in life despite what he went through."
176005300,I shower every day! Ive got a problem getting my sheet dirty or messed up. Its vital to for the sheet to be kept like gold !!
174343047,"New Scientist Artificial intelligence could spot early signs of schizophrenia Years before schizophrenia can be diagnosed by doctors, artificial intelligence may be able to detect early signs of the condition in people's speech"
176005301,i’m sorry too. But like Content_lion says i would not carry the hate either. I’d try to let the hate go.
174343042,"I’m so far out of sight, Is my religion right? Schizophrenia, I don’t bite… But I always fight."
176005302,What supplements?
176005303,I still had symptoms on clindomyacin until about five days in.
176005304,"Thanks for this. Here’s the track Quantum Gravity. I wrote it quickly, yesterday, in Logic Pro X."
176005305,How do u know this man ?
176005306,"_AT_MENTION_ ik u stopped benzos and take l theanine, i have a 90 ct bottle of 200 mg l theanine, u think u can give me any advice on how to go about taking the l theanine like how often and dosage for ex. i took it one day when i was off klonopin and noticed it helping and calming me but didnt continue because i assumed starting klonopin again would instantly rid me of my problems so i did that but now that the klonopin didnt change much i want to be off it"
174343052,"The advice to schizophrenics is to not listen to the voices. The neuro-receptors in the brain are firing all the way down to the axiom. Bio-chemical transmitters namely dopamine, serotonin, epinephrine and nor-epinephrine carry signals to areas both in the brain lobes. Those brain neuro-transmitters are hyper sensitive and active which is why we hear voices. Any doctor, psychologist, psychiatrist or brain specialist can tell a schizophrenic it’s all in the mind. The voices and the outside world have no correlation or causation. There is no scientific basis for premonition, assumptions or random guessing. The world is based on scientific facts with evidence which is black and white according to the scientific method."
176005307,Thanks _PERSON_! I’ll be brief with this and say you inspired me to drag _AT_MENTION_ back. He reminds me of myself with judgement errors… and regrets on not taking heathy type risks historically. Nonetheless I’d be a happier camper if he didn’t give up on this site.
176005308,Just remind yourself it’s not true and do whatever it is you’d like to do
176005309,"Psychosis is meaningless, it is a detachment from reality that has to be abolished."
176005310,"My mind is in pain. Chaos, mayhem. It hurts. It’s a messed jungle. I need to die to find peace."
176005311,No way. The hospital made me sicker than I already was. Not the place for me.
176005312,May she rest in peace. Hugs.
176005313,Every time I go back to America I feel much more crazy and symptomatic/depressed. When I’m in Thailand I have few symptoms and feel relatively relaxed although I don’t have many friends. I seriously think there is something in the air/water in America that makes it such a messed up place.
174343046,There is no entry on this on OMIM. I’m guessing this research paper is really new? This is the gene info on OMIM: https://www.omim.org/entry/611552?search=NAPRT1&highlight=naprt1
176005314,I think _NAME_ is just trying to share his excitement over a new baby.
176005315,butter _PHONE_NO_
176005316,"Dream Theater , Plini, Opeth"
176005317,Idk it could be the meds but I don’t think antipsychotics work so quick on paranoia
176005318,Thanks a bunch:) Im pleased as punch hahaha . Been a while since i did anything i really liked
176005319,I lasted about a year and a half. Was the hardest year and a half of my life. Had to drop out of school and lost my job. My partner also left me. I really regret going off meds
176005320,Karma _PHONE_NO_
176005321,"Hi, in thinking reducing injection to 50mg xeplion or 78mg invega or 2mg risperidone. Anyone is stable on that dose? How do you feel?"
176005322,"Nah thanks, I still have another brand new in box _PERSON_."
176005323,My dog understands me. I think that’s why when I call him he snorts and walks away
176005324,It’s just your mind playing tricks on you. I sometimes think that someone has a voodoo doll of me. We all come to bizarre conclusions when our brain misfires.
176005325,"Thanks, rogueone."
176005326,It’s a life destroying disease. Do the best you can.
176005327,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005328,Grace for sure that you were and are protected!
176005329,I sleep 12 hours at night and I nap for 1 or 2 hours
176005330,Just in case you’re wondering I don’t suffer from _PERSON_’s delusion.
176005331,"I’m not going to argue with you anymore, Anyone with any sense can see that you’re delusional."
176005332,"I was thinking now that it was remote neural monitoring by the government. I don’t think this is that likely though because it’s a conspiracy theory, but I’m still a bit worried."
176005333,Does self-abort mean you stop yourself?
176005334,_AT_MENTION_ oh man I struggled in college too! That is where it all began and continues to this day. I am 45 years old but still stuck in college mentally. I can’t get over those years and want a do over.
176005335,Thank you _AT_MENTION_. I spent £5.08 today so am off to a good start.
176005336,"Taekwondo, boxing, and a tiny bit of krav maga"
176005337,"insight [??ns??t] NOUN the capacity to gain an accurate and deep understanding of someone or something. had to look up the definition of insight. So yeh, it looks like one will lack the awareness of what is really going on in the outside world… even if there is perhaps a look into the inside world… for example, i thought i was going to blow up so went and laid down in the park waiting,but that did not happen cos it was not actually in tune with the outside world. only the inside world, perhapss does it make sense"
176005338,TV don’t talk anymore too but I’ll never forget it
176005340,If that is so the whole thread better go because sin is religious.
176005341,_AT_MENTION_ you’re so pretty you don’t need a filter
176005342,"I feel similar to that. People are watching and waiting for me to screw up so they can criticize and compare notes, but in reality people are too busy living their own life and facing their own agenda to stop just to watch me. When’s the last time I stopped to study someone to look for faults? Not any time recently, afaik."
176005343,"I think mindfulness meditation and other kinds of meditation may really help you, _AT_MENTION__PERSON_"
176005344,You could go to monster.com and search for ideas.
176005345,"Got to see my sister who lives a few hours away from me, so great talking to her. She fills in the blanks of my illogical thoughts. She doesn’t even realize she’s doing it. I wish I was around her more, but she has her profession and life. She did get offended when I told her I was schizing out when we were in a public place, I couldn’t hear anything she was saying to me and I told her, then I started laughing. She responded with “no your just not listening to me and ignoring me”"
176005346,"_PERSON_ I view ya as a friend so please dont view this as an attack or me seeking conflict, but this is seriously unfair. Are we not able to discuss forum issues because the outside world has problems?"
176005347,"Why would it need to be 20 hours from last sip? If I had 1 drink over the course of 2-3 hours, then didn’t drive from finishing that drink or eve my last sip of said drink for 12 hours, that is plenty clear especially not being on psych meds."
176005348,Which elephant?
176005349,"Yes we would call that an extra in english, however I don’t think you should write all this stuff as you seem to be reinforcing your delusions"
176005350,"nice to hear you running your website and agency, that’s quite impressive =) Also nice to hear you doing so well."
176005351,"Recently I have had some weird dreams. Once I had a dream that oriental young women had taken over my psych clinic and used it as a distribution center and then suddenly I was in the house where I used to live and there was a younger man who did hang himself. I know that these are unrealistic dreams but they do exist. They are not delusions, but dreams. I have quite rarely delusions now, in the past I used to have more starting in 1999 that was a difficult year that ended in a divorce in America."
176005352,"thank god for dopamine pathways. because _NAME_ says, “something is keeping him, alive” well then, i guess, im not, cured!"
176005353,Vegan stuff ? I was trying to _PERSON_ diet
176005354,How long you have been on the current med?
174343053,"Zoloft has been a great part of my med combo. Works well for OCD as well as depression and anxiety but doesn’t have many bad side effects. Along with clozapine, lamotrigine and amitriptyline."
176005355,So something critical to our mental health are small accomplishments however mondane or “pathetic” they may seem to others accomplishing little tasks daily can help ease depression and instead promote emotional intelligence. Changing the story helps as well ; ie he never loved me left me for someone with money and joined a coven and then wanted… Whatever it may be he chose money bc shes not cute. She looks like a haggared old white girl being evil wore her face down it shows. The eyes are the windows to the soul… Anyway; he isn’t important anymore and I’m not in love with him anymore. I have created a flawless system to get over him and it will work bc it works for other people… Its called re directing your emotional charges.
176005356,"Probably sz. I know before I was diagnosed I had a misconception about illness. I thought it was a person that was psycho, split personality type thing. And it is stigmatized to look like a person in a restraining jacket in a mental ward that would bite your ear off give the chance. I wonder what people think sz is about lol."
176005357,Screenshot_20190708_151543_com.android.chrome.jpg 1080×2340 494 KB ? m getting third sign at web address row.
176005358,try drinking more water. and force yourself to a strict sleep pattern. if you want to sleep in force caffeine on you and throughout the afternoon lows so you 'crash at the correwct time and wake up rested.
176005359,"They have been talking all morning, I don’t know why…"
176005360,Mine wasn’t. That was part of my hospitalization was a test for this. They restricted all fluids and put in a catheter.
176005361,"I am sun shy because of a radiation burn I received as an infant. Doctor had a brand new toy. I’m still angry about it. I am loyal to the moon, though…"
176005362,"en.m.wikipedia.org Ghetto fabulous Ghetto fabulous is a lifestyle expression believed to have originated among African Americans living in poor urban areas. Ghetto fabulous is a fashion stereotype alluding to individuals living in an affluent materialistic style while not always having any luxurious possessions or wealth. As a comedic device, it often dramatizes and draws attention to life in the ghetto. For example, in the motion picture B*A*P*S (or Black American Princesses), the protagonists pretend to belong to an upper-econ..."
174343061,I didnt know they spaced out risperdal like that. When i was on it i took it all at night. Maybe talk to your Pdoc about switching to all at night then it might not affect your speech during the day. When i was on saphris they tried to space it out (morning and night) and i was a complete zombie…
176005363,I went out with my colleagues last night and told them about the idea. I think I will ask them next week in my lunch hour to record the video asking my media friend to go on Facebook. Last night my colleague just said “good” when I explained about my media friend being able to help. Therefore they seem up for it just as a favour to me. You’re absolutely right about going on the chatroom- there will be some amazing information that’s normally blocked from the media.
176005364,"I haven’t feeling suicidal for awhile. The big deal is that suicide is tragic and preventable. Ever thought of the people cleaning up your corpse, and maybe the mess you leave behind."
176005365,Two cups for me too.
176005366,"????, bird cage mass pass out for all blue state residents, that goes for all countries lololol and I’ll add this to the package for anyone with dark skin. Not my childhood crush, _NAME_, obviously. _PERSON_."
176005367,This seemed so odd to me because I live where there are so many Mexicans. But I guess you wouldn’t see that many Mexican flags in Greece.
176005368,i just dont like shoveling snow. its not fun. its heavy but im going play some heavy metal music while a do it so i stay motivated.
176005369,I get mixed mood sometimes. It’s a real storm! Or I’d get high for a short time or depression for a few hours to a few weeks or even two months. Off meds my mood swings and depression are much worse
176005370,"Who else was disabled on his emotions? To have them weak, withdrawn and negative, is a negative symptom, no? It’s a pure hell this… Those who had issues on the emotions, you recovered on them? The zyprexa can help me on this or I need mostly to rediscover the life?"
176005371,do you take that much salt in because of your health conditions? that amount is alot
174343063,"It could also be that you’ve been curious, and maybe a little too quick to accept the first thing that explains something in a recognizable way"
176005372,"I saw the psych doctor and got some new anxiety pills. Had a nap for a couple of hours Tonight I am cooking a chicken curry for my parents Right now drinking coffee, smoking and surfing the internet"
174343056,"Not true: PubMed Central (PMC) Novel Dopamine Therapeutics for Cognitive Deficits in Schizophrenia Schizophrenia is characterized by profound cognitive deficits that are not alleviated by currently available medications. Many of these cognitive deficits involve dysfunction of the newly evolved, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). The brains of... Read the paper, it specifically lays out how A) SZ positives are caused by D2 misfunction, and B) even a full D1 agonist is safe and well tolerated by SZers with no appreciable worsening of positive symptoms."
174343064,It was the stress of living in a city that just had a creepy vibe to it that didn’t sit well with me. I was far from home. Plus the fact that I never ate fish my whole life. No omega 3s to support my brain. Along with some genetic component that made me vunerable to getting it. I never really used drugs.
176005373,"I haven’t used those crisis lines before. But if you’re not suicidal or a danger to others, you should be safe in calling them or texting them"
176005374,Thanks so much _AT_MENTION_!!! That is very helpful!
176005375,• I haven’t bought a Starbucks coffee in 3 weeks • I started eating a vegan diet a little over 1 week ago and I haven’t slipped up • I’ve been cooking better meals and doing the dishes
174343054,"Not sure about an SZ spectrum yet, but rolling _PERSON_’s into the autism spectrum has been a pain in the arse. Now I’m lumped in with people who don’t and won’t function. I’m not disabled, don’t feel disabled and will continue to wear my _PERSON_ hat to spite the buggers."
176005376,_NAME_ day 711000×418 188 KB Hope everyone is doing well. Bit of an update on the progress I’ve been making on this. Another 2 rows to go. Probably 2 or 3 months of dotting ahead before it’s finished.
176005377,"Luckily, I have parks and drive-thru restaurants near me."
176005378,"Fun zyprexa story: I see my pdoc and tell him my ails with the new zprex dosage (I went from 20 to 15mg). He says, how about another ap to go with current prescription. I think about it and say are there any other options. He says like what. I say what about 17.5? He gets a big laugh and writes me an additional 2.5mg prescription. I, too, am enamored with the zprex."
176005379,"Seroquel. It turned me into a complete zombie. I lost an entire year of my life and gained like 70lbs. It was terrible, I would have preferred to be psychotic. Took forever to trust APs again, and lose the weight."
176005380,yea but i think i got used to it… so some level of paranoia is doable for me now. But i don’t go out alone cause then the levels of paranoia go in the red.
174343059,i tried gaba based supplements and felt nothing meaning it doesn’t passed through my blood brain barrier to feel the effect. so its showing blood brain barrier is fine though i have negative symptoms for a long time now.
176005381,"She was only 27. And she got a brain tumour or some kind of cancer in her spine or both I don’t knw the details too well because I didn’t really know her just knew of her, but i was informed of her death thru email because she was a church member."
176005382,I’m not an actor.
176005383,I got death threatened a moment ago. Shoot her in her head.
176005384,Sometimes there are main characters having poor dialogue meant to put the the viewer off balance so the reveal can come out of left field and have greater effect. There’s characters getting upset and arguing simply because tension is needed for distraction for something else. Or maybe it’s because I’m looking for these things. I’m specifically looking for faults. My sz is paranoia.
176005385,It hard for me to tell when people talk to me if they are referencing me when they say something. Almost like they are insulting me but putting it in the context of general things. Or what they say has the opposite meaning. It’s really hard for me not to say “are you talking about me” when they are talking about things that bother them in other people. I feel so conflicted all the time. I dont know where I stand in certain relationships.
176005386,"Oh now I remember you from your avatar, you were a user here. Welcome back."
176005387,"Some psychotic folks can handle smoking weed, most can’t. It’s a crapshoot. CBD sounds innocent enough."
176005388,I don’t know of anybody who was a famous athlete who has sz….isn’t that interesting.
176005389,Did you feel better once you started meds?
176005390,Since 2012 with a couple hiccups that didn’t work out. What do you take? I take it you get a lot of side effects with it?
176005391,Hoping you get some good rest _AT_MENTION_ !
176005392,What happened when you accepted it? Did the voices ease up?
176005393,_AT_MENTION_ ! You have a better attitude than me!
176005394,"I cut back from 3 packs a day to one. Then bought mints, gum and toothpick supply. Used those as substitute to smoking. I quit 40 years ago."
176005395,I think 2 months but maybe it wasn’t that long
174343067,I think what is stopping you is negative symptoms. The illness and the medication make exercise pretty difficult.
176005396,"i am very alone too currently, sleepy… Idk what to say… But i am sure your kids love you a lot!!! Believe this pls. But yeah, with this illness, we find ourselves quite alone… Sleepy, i am isolated between 4 walls since 20 years with this… My only friend told me she would have killed herself in my place… I get worse on holidays too… Me too i am tired. I am tired also from the others who say i dont fight and that i should do this or that… Its just not helping even when i fight… I always end up with my symptoms… Pls, stay in life for us. me too, ill try this… It looks like many people feel as s*** in the holidays lol…"
176005397,You said you are from Canada right?
176005398,yea nothing much that you can do then. Just behave well and do the time there till they think and feel that you are stable enough.
176005399,Slow is good with psych meds so put your trust in your doctor. A good shrink sees things and gets a feel for how people go. Good luck.
176005400,I am getting an overly sense of self-importance from listening to this conspiracy theory music and feeling like I am the most intelligent and woke person on Earth…
176005401,I’m sorry to hear about your worries _AT_MENTION_ I am also terrified of the day my parents will pass… I will probably inevitably go into another break… unless my meds keep me from going into one. Who knows.
176005402,What’s everybody’s favorite musical instrument? If you can explain it why is it you favorite instrument?
176005403,_AT_MENTION_ I have considered AA. they have one in my town - I looked into it - I’m in denial - I know - I drink too much.
176005404,Yes I can see you right now
176005405,"_AT_MENTION_ I measure out every meal and track it in myfitnesspal. I am not lying about my food intake. It pained me every meal! I am doing it to see if I can get rid of type 2 diabetes, although it will be to no avail as it is most likely med induced."
174343062,That sounds like a total bummer. I can exercise fine on it. What’s your dosage? I’m on 15mg. It gives me really bad insomina so I’m tired all the time. I force myself to do some Yoga in the morning though.
176005406,I feel very unloved today.
176005407,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ ! Glad you’re happy with your room. I’m doing OK, my head pressure is way less now ever since I started eating more protein. It feels like my brain is healing a little more every day. Of course going out still helps. I browse here when I get stressed out, but don’t really know what to contribute, aside from updates to the Amyloban thread. The forum feels like it’s getting somewhat quieter, even a mod said that there is gradually less and less new accounts and new posts this year. Hope you all are well also."
176005408,dont be expecting a magic bullet. or you will be dissapointed.
176005409,"Also my Dad, may he Rest In Peace, suffered from delusions. He believed he owned a paper company, a restaurant, was an electrical engineer, and that he provided for his family in past lives. But in real life he only worked a total of 7 years, sporadically, his entire 67 years. The longest he held a job was 1 1/2 years."
176005410,My delusions once had me convinced I was a spy trainer. It was untrue and long story short abandoned my car in the middle of the road and a nice trip to the hospital where they let me go.
176005411,"I’m not sure, but I know the government is cracking down on doctors who aren’t taking long enough to review cases. Maybe it’s part of that"
176005412,Any other opinions please
176005413,Fish oil worsened my OCD so I stopped taking it. The problem I face is I find it hard to ignore OCD thoughts on it.
176005414,You are clearly doing good in meds as would any of us if one reacts positively to meds… so keep continuing your meds. What does your pdoc say?
176005415,Nope. I was a short lived musician and music teacher.
176005416,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176005417,It’s a good investment for you health. Good luck.
176005418,I’m talented at surviving.
176005419,They always ask me if I’m okay. Mock strangers yelling at me. _NAME_ my voice knows my issues. Don’t let them bother you. Hugs
174343060,"What’s your diagnosis? I’m on 10, but thinking of going lower, as still no positive symptoms."
176005420,"I don’t know, but if you find a way let me know. I’m getting seriously overweight."
176005421,For me it’s not having any friends. The isolation gets to me at times. I just occupy my mind with a lot of fantasy books and b-movies.
176005422,"I’m an obsessive shopper. Right now, I am obsessively waiting for packages to arrive. I don’t shop in stores though, only online (except for groceries). I don’t have any suggestions for how to handle hypomania, though, because I haven’t even figured it out for myself! I just wanted you to know that you aren’t alone."
176005423,"I was so taught that it is not nice to hate the boys, but I think it is part of being a kid."
176005424,I sent you a message
176005425,I don’t know why you think that. I already said I have been in my current job for 18 months.
176005426,"I feel about 40. I am only 32, yet that isn’t so young anymore. I’ve had my medication brought down to 400mg per 4 weeks, rather than 400mg per 2 weeks. I find I lack energy, often I go on walks and feel like I’m due to collapse. Taking supplements has helped, I take Magnesium as a supplement and it’s very good for fighting against fatigue. I noticed from some research that taking high dose vitamin D3 , depletes the body of Magnesium so I’ve begun taking Magnesium and feel a lot calmer and sleep less excessively."
176005427,You are sza like me. I think this insomnia is a sza trait.
176005428,Full Fact Full Fact - Full Fact is the UK's independent fact checking organisation Full Fact is the UK's independent fact checking organisation
176005429,"I will try to discuss it with her, but most of the times she is too rigid and kind of controlling."
176005430,"Hey, you’re doing your best right now. I totally understand you feeling snappish with everything going on. I wish I could help more than just listening."
174343073,"Which ap gave you back your emotions? I have tried 4 and nothing worked, my pdr there is no meds for negative symptoms, I gave up."
176005431,"before i got really delusional and psychotic , i am gay"
176005432,"I’m doing therapy too, she’s smart and capable and gives great advice but only medication is helping me. I’m not able to control my mind no matter how hard I try."
176005433,Play some Bach 666999
174343076,"Abilify normally is not a big diabetes inducing drug, as far as the APs go."
176005434,I lost another pound. It’s going very slowly. But at least I’m losing.
176005435,Something from the hot bar… I like to get chicken tenders and cover them with _NAME_’s red hot wing sauce.
176005436,"Can pills replace teeth, or are pills to pour us?"
176005437,I think you’re already good at drawing.
176005438,That’s so good. My dad isn’t really supportive other than my education.
176005439,"Did you ever take a picture of your shite? That’s weird, I heard of people doing that"
176005440,"No, I cant read more than short posts."
176005441,I like you im just too dumb to help on this one xx I’m in the same boat. Super anxious about the future. I think everyone likes you hahahaha dont be silly
176005442,"I understand. It’s horrible. I even get this way with other areas of my life. Like, I begin to wonder if friends really like me and if they don’t talk to me for a while, I think the worst. It’s very hard to get past the paranoia. But you can with meds and therapy. I don’t obsess over it now."
176005443,"Well the universe is able to direct its behaviour for self preservation much like we are concious of our surroundings and can make decisions based on our awareness the universe can react to its own level of awareness. Its called _USER_ID_ the theory that the universe is concious. I have my own theory namely that the planet will destroy us before we are able to destroy the planet and make it uninhabitable. I think thats what climate change is, a decision by nature to fight back at humans. If we dont do something the planet will kill us"
176005444,Self sabotaging. : Stab someone next to me when holding a knife or fork like little cousin. I don’t pick up knives especially big ones when I’m next to like my mom or anyone. Feeling to rip up large bills of money. Scary. Jump from bridge or high places without thinking (sucked in). Even like the thought of opening the door on the freeway and pushing out my dog once. Grab steering wheel from back seat on freeway. Like sit on my hands uncomfortable and nervous after this impulse/thought. Other than these I’m normal! And hallucinations following me hearing voices eh
176005445,"You need to forgive those who traumatized you (friends, spouse, family, etc.). Anger is a manifestation of depression."
176005446,"It’s ok, I’m sure she understands."
176005447,Unimportant 152(2(2((2(
176005448,"https://www.mind.org.uk/information-support/legal-rights/community-treatment-orders-ctos/overview/ Here is some more information about CTOs in the UK, including how to fight one if that is what you wish to do."
176005449,"Oh my gosh, I had a mouthful of green tea when I read that. You just scored two points and I had to wipe down a keyboard."
176005450,I’m not too sure if it’s changed my personality. It has made me a little more spacey. My mind is pretty much always occupied. It has made me grow a lot also. The growth has allowed me to become a better person. It’s also made me less paranoid about small things. I do have more paranoia over certain subjects.
176005451,"I’ve been in and out of hospitals since I was 18. I feel like I brought this on myself, but now I don’t know whether or not I have mental issues or not. I have probably in hospitals at least 20 times. That’s why it’s confusing for me whether or not I have a problem. What do you all think?"
176005452,Glad to hear you are better.
176005453,"My Mother, Father, and some of the men in her life taught me to cook some. My first step-father taught me to clean. I must say those skills came in handy at the low income apartment and the group home. (So what’s so messed up about your life without those skills?)"
174343069,"TENS on the brain is not the intended use. I don’t think it caused damage but it’s not the right electrical frequency for use with the brain. PEMF heals the blood-brain barrier. It’s good for chronic migraines too, like 77% success rate after 2 weeks. Even higher for longer use. Helps with anxiety and insomnia too. I don’t have any studies that show it works for SZ, since the disease sample size is too small and this tech is fairly esoteric, but in theory it should help. I can pull up studies for those other things if you’re interested. Wow that’s cool you’re a physiotherapist! I hope someday you can conquer SZ so you can get back to it."
176005454,"I’ve been struggling with weight gain since I started zyprexa, normally I can starve myself for a few weeks if I feel like I need to lose weight. These new meds for some reason just feel like there’s no off switch on my restraint to eat anymore, it’s not until after the fact that I eat do I feel like an obese monster lol. Other than that I think I’m fine, but like I said I could drop 20-50 pounds and it’d make me happy I’m currently 6""2 at probably 180"
176005455,Easier said than done. I’d likely get a head ache if I tried to be confident and unafraid.
176005456,"ive never been to the hospital. almost had my mom take me when i was suicidal during benzo withdrawal but i drank whiskey to calm down (would not recommend doing this) now its been 14 months since i stopped klonopin cold turkey and im doing fine, rarely ever drink now too because it makes me depressed"
176005457,Go for a walk Play my flute Take the ornaments off the tree so it can be put away
176005458,I’m pre-diabetic now and I have no idea what I’m gonna do cuz I kinda need the 10mg zyprexa each night just to put on the brakes in my head.
176005459,My invisible friend is God.
176005460,"I had this illness before any of my hallucinogen uses, but I’m sure it didn’t help"
176005461,Corn Celery Chili Chocolate Coffee
176005462,"Laypeople aren’t usually experts at what a person is interested in, by default. If someone wants to excel at something specific, laypeople are kind of draining to deal with."
176005463,Hooray! Good for you! Congratulations!
176005464,"It’s not a continuous thing, but some days I can think ‘Wow there’s so many stupid people’. Then other days I’m thinking 'I’m so ******* thick"""
174343075,I like lamictal
176005465,"That everyone hates me, I get that in real life too."
176005466,Tomorrow the injection. Hurray.
176005467,"What is the difference between a stranger and a friend? When we are constantly forcing ourselves to go out into the world, I think we see strangers. When we stay within our comfort zone long enough to feel ok about going out for a little while, then we see friends. Don’t push yourselves too hard, my friend. Because we are breakable."
176005468,oh thats terrifying we learned about it in nursing school your body basically has a freak reaction to the medication and gives you 3rd degree burns So scary!! I hope you can find something else that works for you!!
176005469,"Oh no _AT_MENTION_, that is the worst. I am constantly walking through spiderwebs and freaking out!!"
176005470,Very cool. I read a book on the history of chaos theory and it was very cool and yes. Fractals are cool!
176005471,The second one reminds me of an oil slick
176005472,There better Be a point To all This
176005473,I was on 8 mg Trilafon for many years back in the old days. It did nothing for my psychosis and gave me an absolute wicked case of akathisia. I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone.
176005474,"I do have a voice that is nice, But he’s also really obnoxious, So it all evens out."
176005475,Lolsss … 7j6gt
176005476,It a disease…
174343071,Yah fight. But you need some tools. Faith.hope and love.
176005477,I’m getting tested for cognitive disability. It will be done over 3 four hour sessions. I’m very worried. What will they find? I am so fearful and anxiety filled. Trying to not worry so much.
176005478,"Well there’s certainly nothing wrong with trying one. Just be aware of the signs it will not work such as mania, agitation, worsening psychotic symptoms (obviously in some cases), insomnia, pacing, extrovertism after being an introvert, and running thoughts. Those were some of the symptoms I had while on Latuda which otherwise beautifully controlled my weight. Even if you don’t have psychosis with the other symptoms happening you are in trouble. If you look on the possible side effects on some drugs you will find those symptoms and more along with a message to contact your doctor. If your personality does a 180 degrees it may not be the miracle you think it is."
176005479,They are beautiful! Way to go _AT_MENTION_
176005480,"Is it helping? If so, it’s a good drug to be on. Yes, it’s typically a last resort, but also because it’s very reliable. It works well. Every drug has side effects, but not everyone gets all those side effects."
174343072,"ah ok – my suggestions for work are wayyyy below your potential paygrade. I’m not familiar with anything in the chemistry field, but I was going to suggest maybe looking for work at a library or deli or something. I’m going through a similar problem where I find working to be difficult (luckily I’m on benefits now). But I have desired maybe working in a library or deli at a grocery store, something slow-paced but still pays somewhat decent."
176005481,Good point. 155
176005482,"You’re the best, _AT_MENTION_!"
176005483,Another Throwback!.
176005484,"Your approach makes a lot of sense. I’ve not really got a philosophy of that but my cycle can dictate I get one bad day, about 4 to10 good days and a bunch of averages I think I need an attitude change"
176005485,Also today I wore the shirt I got from _USER_ID_ Walk 2019 and bought a matcha milk tea with messy ube walls from Pearl City. To be honest I’m developing an unusual taste for large _USER_ID_ pearls. One of my new goals is to acquire a taste for authentic Chinese food like Hong Kong milk tea. My mom’s relatives live in Tianjin city but none of them are originally from there so they’re taste buds are not quite accurate of the typical poor/working class Chinese person.
176005486,Lucky is an Interesting Choice of Describing Such a Complicated Issue The Luck is Being Able to Feel at Peace During The Chaos My Voices Grow Still When The World Grows Frantic And Gives Me The Opportunity to Find a Better Understanding of The Sphere of Fear
176005487,Ugh! That sucks! How long until you get a new one? How long did it take to get all that work done that you lost?
176005488,"thanks brother and we all fall unique in some aspects , just trying to impower us all"
176005489,"Although, you could bring a folder with your doctors picture and name on it, with a post it in big red letters: IDIOT. That might get him the message."
176005490,Nice. Antioxidant levels in the brain vary naturally from person to person and those variations can be attributed to lifestyle choices like exercise and diet. There are also ways to pharmaceutically boost these levels. A supplement called N-Acetyl Cysteine (NAC) as well as broccoli extracts can increase the brain’s antioxidants if given over a long period of time.
174343078,BBC News Schizophrenia patients calmed by video game The patients learnt to use the technique in their daily lives to reduce the power of hallucinations.
176005491,"Yes, but what I meant is that there are two distinct people within me, the old me, rationalist and non-religious, and the one who believes in something quite close to gnostic theology and cosmology, with some additions: 1. there is only one person, 2. this person is the anthropos and the Christ, 3. unlike gnostics I believe there is no physical matter to speak of. 4. “individuality” and personhood are a demonic prison, 5 real emanations (aeons) of the first monad are impersonal although they have defined genders. 6. the universe is but a conversation between the anthropos and the “devil”. 7. the devil is in reality but a flawed, by no means absolutely evil, demiurge and creator of the simulation. 8. Obviously no afterlife, an end of this fake universe will reintegrate us into the pleroma. 9. the cross lies empty, but the devil wants us to embrace the idea of a bloody human sacrifice which is the very sin his death was supposed to free us from 10…"
176005492,"well, I would like to enjoy my family and friends, maybe even make some more friends. I would like to have a good roommate or live in girlfriend/wife, either will keep me from being lonely. I don’t foresee in kids in my future, and im ok with that. also im going to keep practicing guitar and would like to write and record at least one album to leave behind when I die. and I would like to turn my barn into a workshop where I can build and sell a guitar or mandolin here and there. I want to go to a lot of local music shows and festivals, around here we have bluegrass and folk festivals that I can go to. maybe travel a little, but nothing overseas. and one more thing I’ve always wanted to do is produce a hobby wine…probably a Catawba. and continue to garden and try to live healthy. one last thing, is I want to start running 5k races. maybe I could even travel to different cities for 5k races."
176005493,What kind of crowd?
174343081,What’s your source? My negatives were the same during the whole 9 years I was on Abilify.
174343087,I’ve been on Latuda for a year now and it works for me. Minimal symptoms and minimal side effects. I function like someone without schizophrenia.
176005494,"I am on my phone in bed all day everyday, been like that for more than a year since being on Risperdal. I listen to music in bed and vape."
176005495,"Watching videos of Led Zeppelin on YouTube. I have the radio on in the background. Saw a good video of The Immigrant Song live from 1972. Then on impulse, I decided to listen to Rock & Roll. As I typed it in the search bar I could hear the radio. And Rock & Roll by Led Zeppelin was playing! Jumpin Jehoshaphat’s! That’s it, tomorrow I’m quitting my job, shaving my head and moving to South America and starting a Capybara farm."
176005496,I miss being sick but my psych really scared me when she said that people have been killed while psychotic. I would rather take my meds more than get my doctor angry.
176005497,"I am the big boss and I don’t give a ???? about you especially psychiatrist, you spent your life in a library. I ???? you"
176005498,Make a list of all the reasons you have to life to remind yourself to hang in there works forme.
176005499,"Are you going to be a cashier? Or will you be stocking shelves, or cleaning or something else? I’ve worked in grocery stores; it’s not so bad, especially if you have coworkers who are cool to work with. Good luck!"
176005500,Not sure what an ick is.
176005501,"Nothing to Be Ashamed of, As Long as You’re Doing Your Best. That’s Good Enough."
174343083,"since starting the 25mgs of Strattera I have had a migraine every morning about an hour before taking the Strattera. I don’t know what the cause is. Can strattera counter-act Aristada? Is this a symptom of anything? I don’t think I will be able to start online classes if I stop taking strattera. It increases my energy and memories. I am afraid to stop taking it. It seems to have stopped the cravings for cocaine and it has helped with depression. But my dreams are so vivid, and I feel like I’m thinking too much when I sleep. Strattera is supposed to be a cognitive enhancer. And it’s definitely doing that. But it’s also doing things that might be bad in the long-term. I can’t predict myself as much. I feel I’m slipping into mania, but to me it feels like the normal me when I’m not taking Abilify so that makes me think Strattera is just counter-acting the Aristada/Abilify injections. Which would make it seem better if I just stopped taking the medications and this whole paragraph alrea
dy has me feeling like I’m stuck in a never-ending cycle of confusion. If I could just stop being on Abilify then maybe I would be able to focus better…because I do become manic when I’m off the medication. Not psychotic. I think my psychiatrist is clueless."
176005502,go but dont spend too much money.take care.
176005503,I hate those dreams. They are hard to recover from. Takes me most of the day.
176005504,"For me, jealousy is just as strong as my level of insecurity feelings. For me, they are directly connected atm. So, if you would call insecurity bad, only then is jealousy bad, in my personal case. I think jealousy is not a good feeling, but it’s not bad. I can and do get jealous atm. I think it is too demonised that word it is like if you say you are insecure people don’t judge you but if you say you are jealous, they do.i think that’s just dumb."
176005505,Oh yes I met a guy at work that I wanted badly I was I’ll at the time and I got delusional about him
176005506,The thing I’m most jealous of is that I can’t exercise properly anymore. It used to regulate my appetite boost my self esteem stuff like that! Really important things I’m jealous I can’t support people properly and socialise properly. And no stable job that I enjoy whilst people who hurt me a lot they got it all
174343085,I also had incontinence from Abilify. It made me dirty my pants often like diarrhea. I was shy of saying it lol
176005507,I hate eating. I wish we didn’t have to eat. I’m eating so much these days and I literally cannot stop. Just feel like buying bubble gum now. And I don’t even like walking.
176005508,"I feel useless, so I’m happy that I can at least, play Chess. I learnt from tutorials on the Internet and from apps [applications]. I took a couple of employment assessments today and they went quite well, so it goes to show you can feel useless, yet still have a lot to offer the world."
176005509,"Hey _PERSON_. Unfortunately there’s only so much we can say before we turn into a broken vinyl repeating ourselves. Recovery comes from actively participating in life, be it on an online support forum or in real life, and if you decide to participate as a member here you will be welcomed. I can empathize with everybody here, and I understand everyone’s frustrations and I also understand the struggle of not being able to face the illness when its new. Its scary, and we all cope differently. I feel for you, I really do. It pains me to see someone in this stage of acceptance/denial with their psychosis, but it is a common stage for many. What are you looking for from the forum? This is a support forum, so in what way can we best support you while supporting each other? What do you think you can do to support others here? I think answers to these questions will help out a lot."
176005510,"My negative symptoms are back too. They disappeared for a while when I was living with my former partner but now, they’re back. They could just be depression. I need to take a depression test. I took the online Alpha depression test. I scored zero points so, I have no depression. So, I guess it’s negative symptoms."
176005511,I do have a credit card but my mom hides it because I always max it out although my limit is only 2500
176005512,"I have a major b.sc. with a 3.05 gpa, for masters I believe you need 3.3 min. _AT_MENTION_"
176005513,qp|| Break From The Vicious Cycle Of Self Doubt And Self Judgment And Persevere Respectfully. |||+|||
176005514,Grief effects everyone differently and to different severities. Its wrong of your mom to claim her suffering is worth more than yours. But she’s also grieving. It’s still so wrong of her to take it out on you though. And it’s completely understandable to be angry with her. I know its hard right now but time can heal. As for looking for a resurrection… It’s not possible. Im saying this practice witchcraft and nothing can resurrect the dead. It’s important to avoid thoughts of stuff like that as it could drive you to delusion. I hope you heal and find some peace soon _AT_MENTION_
176005515,"I am not sure I can find peace with it. When I was growing up, schools never dealt with my behaviour - they just used to kick me out like I was just someone else’s problem to deal with. My problems started right from day one of primary school when I got sent home. People who’re supposed to develop children into educated, and well rounded adults just could not be bothered to help and chose to just punish me into behaving properly. Now it’s clear with this diagnosis that they mis-treated me It’s no wonder I ended up mixing with bad people and getting into drugs. It’s a failure of the system, but I am glad they’re starting to get better with recognising these things, but in the 90’s when I grew up, nobody thought about this kinda stuff, at all. My pdoc says it has only been the last <5 years they have begun to realise this problem and deal with it - yet treatment is still lacking"
176005516,_AT_MENTION_ can you splash some cold water on your face? This will activate your dive reflex and hopefully override your fear so you can start thinking again.
176005517,You need to pamper your poepholl and you wont feel that way.
176005518,"I’m 34, Its a good age to be."
176005519,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_… 40 hours per week
176005520,When I had voices in my head I had a woman trying to help me think now my mind is quiet
176005521,"I think there is a difference between effect and intention. The effect might be an influence on the collective will, one way or another, without people intending to."
176005522,Why did they try to shut up that initial doctor who said there was a new killer virus. Does anyone know In China He died aswell So sad
176005523,"So i recently cut down quetiapine a lot from 300mg to 50mg in three weeks. It was yesterday that I did not take at all. It was really difficult to fall asleep and i kept waking up thorough the night. I actually woke up at 9:30 am a bit sweaty and not fully rested, but i did not habe difficulty getting out of bed and showering. _PERSON_ morr energetic and felt that I was actually got awake. I will post how im going to feel tomorrow at work."
176005524,I don’t wanna share it here. Try to ignore the haters. Some people are just trolls. There are good people online too.
176005525,I’m having a hard time understanding why you want to kill everyone. I hope the meds help. I don’t even know what to say to you. Do you talk to a therapist?
176005526,yea accepting the diagnosis is hard. i’m stuck on APs too… they tried to lessen the meds once when i was diagnosed with autism and they wanted to see how i did if i build off the meds… but that went terribly wrong. After that they added sz to my diagnosis. i hope you manage to accept your diagnosis _AT_MENTION_
176005527,"6-7 times, longest was 4-6 months after my psychiatrist extended my stay in court bcz I was refusing taking meds and staying. I was keeping the meds in my mouth and spat them when nurse went away."
176005528,I am afraid of the consequences.
176005529,"“Even when we don’t talk, we’re here by your side.” That’s another phrase I hear very often."
176005530,"Volunteer work increases quality of living. We are social creatures, so having a good reason to hang around people will make you feel better, it’s just our instincts kicking in."
176005531,Yes im currently trying to get more reading done … i spend a few mins everyday …
176005532,"Yes, every time I go to the store by myself I get this fear/feeling something bad will happen"
176005533,I just had veggie chili from a can and cheddar cheese. I added habanero hot sauce to it to make it super spicy.
174343098,I also have difficulty showering because of negative symptoms. I shower every 5-7days now. I find that music in the shower helps me. I use a bluetooth speaker.
176005534,"Maybe you can try bodybuilding, is great way to stay positive in life, get back into shape stay healthy. Take supplements, vitamins. Eat some protein, good carbs and vegetables. So your body can get the right nutrients to recover. I was like you by body was deteriating but decided to take action, i watch bodybuilder motivation videos on youtube, learned about nutrition, im in better health. Hope you get better."
176005535,I can respect why you may feel that way. But if you are grateful to your dad and once you graduate hopefully the feelings of guilt will be reduced or gone. _PERSON_ to you for working towards something though.
176005536,do i need to get a lawyer now or after i fill out the packet and send it to them or after i get denied or what. i have already been denied once over 9 months ago but didnt have a laywer back then. so confused rn any help will be appreciated
176005537,"yes i some first editions, i dont want to sell them. i really like them too much."
174343097,I’m on Invega. It works really well mostly. Although my negative symptoms are pretty bad. I’m afraid to try and take more medicine though. I hate putting it into my body
176005538,Keep going _AT_MENTION_ .
174343089,We have a lot in common. I was dollar_menu and we used to mix it up a bit. I’m on the east coast but I know about sleep problems. Are you still on abilify or the (what I think is related) rexulti? I have experience with activating meds(Vraylar too).
176005539,Best of luck
176005540,The shooting stars Up in the sky Whizzing through And passing by A wish be made Yet set aside Gazing lightly As the night rolls high
176005541,"_AT_MENTION_ cheers on feeling more sane with time! _AT_MENTION_ sorry to hear, if it helps I don’t think you are going to hell _AT_MENTION_ I’ve reality checked with my fiancée about it being real, should of seen the look on her face."
176005542,What part of the mass you like the most?
176005543,95% positive free and I still struggle with negatives. Mostly lack of motivation but some working memory problems. Although fish oil has helped quite a bit with my memory.
176005544,"Thanks guys. I don’t have a temperature or any headache. @ everhopeful I’m always touching my forehead to check for fever. @ _USER_ID_ I used to use the ER to see a doctor about my fear of having cancer. 00000 Stay safe, everyone. 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000_PHONE_NO_"
174343101,Schizophrenia causes brain damage…ap’s stop the brain damage.
176005545,How do you _USER_ID_ a tagline under your name do you need member seniority?
176005546,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005547,"I knew that, I was meaning who was the girl"
176005548,HI guys I think I need a anesthesia … Lot of noize too… This freaks me out…!!
176005549,"https://charts.idrlabs.com/graphic/psychosis-spectrum?p=0,30,5,20,50,5,0,80,65,60&l=EN"
176005550,"Politics and aliens, that’s all my stepdad ever talks about. I am so sick of it, sick of being his friend, sick of agreeing with him on things that go against my beliefs so hard that they hit me to the core, tired to death of his homophobia and his stories about how his gay brother ruined his life growing up and how that’s every gay person’s fault because his brother told him he was “sick in the head.” I got news for him, he is sick in the head, and there’s nothing wrong with that, but he needs a diagnosis and medication. He’s a delusional short-tempered man who has alienated all his friends and family with his angry outbursts. He lets me live here rent free and acts like he’s my personal savior for it, I hate my living situation so very much. I’m gonna blow my whole month long trip to CA bitching about him. My mom’s fiancee told me last time he knows that my stepdad is sick and that I shouldn’t have to put up with it and that I could stay with them, but my mom wants to wait u
ntil they have a proper two bedroom. Anyway the lady who hit her with her car wants to settle in court. My mom just heard this from the lawyer. They are working it out but the amount should be substantial. They’re going to move to a newer bigger place with the money, and my mom said I could stay there at that point. But I have to hold out until the lawsuit resolves. Does anybody have any tips for me on living with a man who talks mockingly about everything I believe in, and gets furiously angry at me if I say I don’t believe in aliens/mind control/shape shifting lizards? Because when I do tell him I don’t believe in what he believes in, he accuses me of calling him stupid and starts fighting with me."
176005551,Congratulations! I hope it goes well
176005552,"So now we are being told not to take unnecessary travel anymore, no more bus journeys for me, They really help me keep sane"
176005553,"So I still can’t decide whether so called “interracial porn” is racist or not or whether the industry can ever be clean. Certainly the stars should receive better support to live their lives as healthily as possible, what is wrong with fornication, does it differ from sex, pleasure is thee key. Google image search is only showing what the racists and body fascists would call “ugly” women and ladies under searches for so called “interracial porn” at the moment. I don’t know why, or what it means, whether it is an improvement, or a sign of greater exploitation There is a porn star from the Czech republic called _NAME_ who is currently being abused and degraded by “White” men in an attempt to force her to do so called “interracial porn”. Is she racist to refuse, or is it her right;? Division is necessary for order and perception, it is the nature of topologies, mixing is a choice, the union of divisions, to be colour blind all the time is just another form of racism. Women shou
ld have a choice. Thank you."
176005554,ah yea that sucks =( could you have it checked out? or would that be too stressful?
176005555,Morning better.
176005556,Lol that might be a bit advanced for 8th grade.
176005557,"Don’t worry so hard about being normal. You do you. If you do that so much it impacts your quality of living, then I’d worry."
176005558,"Hugs. I’m trans also, and couldn’t come out until a few years ago. I ended up homeless after I came out to my mom, so I fully understand not wanting to jeopardize your education and housing for the sake of living your authentic self. Trust me, you’ll have plenty of time to live authentically once you have a degree and an apartment. In the meantime, we know you are a guy and will respect that about you. Dating is confusing. I don’t have really good advice for you other than, relationships shouldn’t be exhausting. They’re hard work, but with the right person it doesn’t feel like work. Good luck!"
176005559,"I dont know … One day I like women,the other… Im already considered gay from women side,and gay people come to me often with will to meet me,and I say f… off"
174343099,"Yep. I’m going to ask about upping my lithium dose. I currently take 300mg 2x daily. It helps. I am down to only like 3 pills a day, of two medicines. I’m a fan of less rather than more."
176005560,"Sometimes when I get stressed—whether it be angry, excitable, anxious, obsessively focused on an outcome—I misinterpret things. I imagine my fears or my paranoia kicks in and all of a sudden my thoughts seem to become reality. Even if it’s not really reality. And even if this guy did say something rude or unprofessional, f*ck him. Stopping your treatment only hurts you. The meds aren’t perfect, but they help tremendously. Maybe you can make some adjustments with your doctor."
176005561,well congratulations !! yayyyy…yes pictures please…
176005562,Freed My Mind Oh my God Labelled insane Locked me up Gon’ escape though Trapped in here On the inside Vision’s clear They have all lied Freed my mind I’m running through the night Freed my mind I feel so alive
176005563,"Just to let you know, a tablespoon of wheat bran is going to be closer to 4 grams. I can’t brain today, but I think it’s not going to be 100mg of betaine. If it’s enough though, that’s still a perfectly fine serving size."
176005564,I have in a book his correspondence with _PERSON_. Their letters. Interesting
176005565,They have previously and gone in with riot police because she has a knife from Self injury and the; say to us that they can’t force anything and that she has the right to kill herself
176005566,I like the idea of gifting it to someone else.
176005567,"I really want to become a peer support specialist but Michigan requires you to be in a position already before you become licensed working ten hours a week. I think volunteer positions count too, but I can’t find any around here."
176005568,"society, after i got back home everyone treated me like i am retarded. the neighbor’s i mean, and in general"
176005569,"Alcohol was a way for me to cope, I drank to celebrate the good times, I drank to numb myself to the voices, and I drank to the point of almost killing myself with, multiply times. For years I was on a constant drunk, to help the symptoms.never get a hang over when you’re constantly drunk…it got so bad I’d wake up in the middle of the night with the shakes, drink a couple shots just to get back into bed. I had to realize I was worth more than what the voices called me, had to learn to cope without that crutch ruining my health and my relationships. I miss it sometimes, and I have my weak days. But it can be better on the wagon than it sounds. Wishing you luck coffee buddy, Hit me up if you ever need a chat"
176005570,"I think all long term Psychosis would trigger PTSD,"
176005571,I also get very paranoid especially around people… it comes and goes but I reel its the anxiety and overthinking
176005572,Because it seems to me that feelings are stronger than words. I have let words hurt me and I’m working to overcome this.
174343105,"Are you only on Abilify or are you taking another meds, for example antidepressants? I ask you this because there are people who take Abilify and another medications and they gain weight because of the other medications."
176005573,_AT_MENTION_ thanks!
176005574,"(He makes me shout, scream, cry, laugh uncontrollably, fall down, run, jump, he makes me say gibberish, nod yes or no with my head, say neologisms, words that don’t exist, makes me do silly gestures with the hands and crazy expressions with the face)"
176005575,"Sorry to hear the sad news. I’ve never messed with any drug that can be overdosed on simply because of this. It’s just too much of a Russian roulette game. You’re definitely right about staying alive, we’re all survivors and there is just too much death in the world, that’s why it’s important we all hang in there and value our lives and do what we can to keep moving forward."
176005576,"The family model of one bread winner and one caretaker just worked for so long. But today we need two incomes…both partners working… to have the same lifestyle as a generation ago. We’re all going nowhere fast and chasing our collective tails, in my opinion."
176005577,There’s no bounce in my life
176005578,"Sunday morning. Still at my inlaws, plotting my escape."
176005579,"Couldn’t play what you linked. I rap a little and might be into doing a collab project. What do you do (the beat, rapping, etc)?"
176005580,"The feeling of being watched is like being in prison, very heavy and hard to bear,"
176005581,Yeah the USA sucks in that aspect but once hospitalized they are nice ish
176005582,I think most of you have seen my posts the past couple days well I had therapy today. Went in there with the intent of hurting myself later today in a non suicidal way because I tried to do it yesterday but what I used didn’t work and I was caught. Turns out I was in like ptsd flashback mode from the weekend. She really grounded me and made me feel safe and I feel a lot better.
174343104,"My pdoc thought Latuda would be a good add on to abilify. I took it two days. But then stopped because it was hurting , the combo. Never taken rexulti but I hear it’s like abilify"
176005583,Does the fact that you are aware that it is not real help you?
176005584,Just had a Horchata when I went out today. It was pretty good and cinnamony. image.jpg 680×1019 105 KB
176005585,I keep hearing the TV in the other room because they’re calling me names. I’m about to put on headphones. Any body else here have to deal with the TV?
176005586,"Other than catching fire, falling apart, being designed so that doors won’t open in cold weather (half the year here), crashing unexpectedly, yeah, they’re awesome. Imma eyeing up a Chevy Volt to be honest with ya. If they had an electric version of Vlad the Impala I’d be on it like white on rice."
176005587,Thanks guys for the votes!
176005588,"You assume because I said I was going to binge that I have an eating disorder. Have you had one, _AT_MENTION_ I have. I spent six months in inpatient. Have you heard of The Renfrew Center Eating Disorder Treatment Facility? Yeah, I lived there. Plus, I know the years before inpatient of suffering and the years after of fighting in recovery. I know the thousands of dollars my parents spent on the best treatment available. I know what it’s like to feel compelled to enormous amounts of food. I know what it’s like to drink ipecac because the laxatives, exercising, and restricting wasn’t enough. I don’t have an eating disorder anymore. I ache for the men and women who struggle with one, where a binge costs hundreds of dollars, who are enslaved to connecting their self-worth and their personhood to what they eat and do with their body. I ate more than I should have, and I ate what I shouldn’t have. But no, I don’t have an eating disorder."
176005589,"i never believe in steriods, im all natural, always will be. Ill try my best. Its going to take alot of hard work buts it going to be worth it."
176005590,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ I sat in my friend’s discord today listening to my friends making plans to get together. And I can’t do that because I’m in Korea. I’m very much convinced that no one wants to be friends with me, at least the neurotypicals. And I don’t want to make friends. I don’t want to get hurt. I’m sure they won’t like me. I got upset as I heard my friends making plans because I couldn’t be there, and I yeeted out of the conversation. I feel so alone today, but I’m glad I have my family at least. Without them, I would be all alone."
176005591,"_AT_MENTION_ poked me into stopping by. AB3399 still doing the trick for me, it’s like I no longer have SZ. Just no symptoms. Pdoc dropping me down to 20mg Geodon/day next week. Still taking normal Wellbutrin dose. Still taking Sarcosine 3x/day. Have dropped over 30 lbs since beginning of year. Work going well, position changes from office job to work-from-home in August. I’m moving to rejoin _USER_ID_ _PERSON_ in September when _PERSON_ goes off to college (we’ve spent most of the last year living apart as the wifey landed a tasty gig in a different town 4.5 hours away). My employer doesn’t want to lose me and is allowing me to continue in my job as a telecommuter. I appreciate their trust in me there. Thanks to all for the PMs and emails asking if I’m okay – I am. I’ll come back with an update if the lower dose of Geodon is an issue. If you don’t see me, assume that I’m still symptom free and busy prepping a home for sale. Cheers."
176005592,"Yes, only it’s not being hidden."
176005593,"ive been told by them that i am a demon and im going to hell, because demons dont get into heaven. I actually had a few dreams where i was a demon. Maybe its just a delusion…"
176005594,Maybe _AT_MENTION_ is afraid of women? Maybe he is latent homosexual? Or even overt homosexual? Who knows?
176005595,I’m meeting a friend for some TV and chit chat. Right now I’m on the bus.
176005596,Glad things are going better. Ive had some ok changes too. The existential stuff is rough too.
176005597,"Good, productive day today. Brushed my teeth, shaved, showered, did my exercises and went for a walk, and now I am doing a load of laundry Cool"
176005598,"So far most I know about cognition and Neurofeedback is the hype and reviews I’ve seen. But my attention has increased and I’m able to read through what most people would say “boring stuff” more. It’s kind of entertaining, really. I can skim through things faster as well. It’s also pretty cool that I talk more too, and I feel more confident with how I express myself. I say things slightly differently, but it’s way more confident than I was before. My stress level also decreased dramatically. My biggest symptom was anhedonia and general boredom, so I was just glad that I got past that. My cognition increased after the 10th session. My mood was better after the 8th and my anxiety went WAY down after the 10th. I stayed out of bed at least half of the day after the first one, and all day after the 2nd one"
176005599,Hahaha. You are a big idiot.
174343114,"Okay, I have a severe illness with schizophrenia. I am so mad at myself for my deficiencies. We have all talked about them. So I decide I want to punish myself. So I act, unwittingly, to make myself depressed. One of my good friends with schizophrenia told me we have to accept our illness. Now I understand what she meant."
176005600,"need some changes. a job, more of a social life. things like that."
176005601,Meds. Everytime you have psychosis you get some damage. Thats scary to me
176005602,"I was on 600mg for a while, during rehab. It gave my a Buzz, but I know they were using it as a seizure control precaution. I wouldn’t want it every day."
176005603,I’ll be 60 in 6 months. I think I want to take my girl out to a nice restaurant. Or rather have her take me out. Maybe watch a movie at home afterwards.
176005604,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176005605,I don’t even understand me.
176005606,I’ve never thought you pushed boundaries! You’ve always been helpful to me!
176005607,Best wishes…
176005608,"Not sure. I have issues like getting distracted by sounds and such that go back to my childhood. I cannot focus or motivate myself. My thoughts are messed up like I cannot function in life. Slightly disorganized or trauma? I doubt they’ll give me meds for it but I feel like I’m dying a slow death with my energy drink addiction and no one can help me. Same with cigarettes. Not even sure vyvanse can even help me. I know 100% I got aspergers. I only got good grades in college from monster drinks. Else, I had no motivation and couldn’t study/focus. I also feel low energy."
176005609,"“Exercise therapy has been shown to improve positive and negative symptoms, quality of life, cognition, and hippocampal plasticity, and to increase hippocampal volume in the brains of patients with schizophrenia. This article will briefly review the clinical signs, symptoms and proposed etiologies of schizophrenia, and describe the current understanding of exercise programs as an effective treatment in patients with the disease.” PubMed Central (PMC) Exercise as a Treatment for Schizophrenia: A Review Schizophrenia is a mental disorder that is characterized by progressive cognitive impairment in areas of attention, working memory, and executive functioning. Although no clear etiology of schizophrenia has been discovered, many factors have been..."
176005610,Are those websites?
176005611,Then what would be a good movie for us? The movie is very appropriate for anyone old enough to understand. I think thoughts are more controllable than I thought they were. We’re not victims of fate. We are masters of our greatest dreams!
176005612,“Lost the plot” [in math class] was posted by me a ways back. It’s from a _NAME_ movie called “Last Castle”.
176005613,"Maybe she died suddenly, like from a heart attack or stroke."
176005614,I agree with _AT_MENTION_. Don’t make any major decisions for a while. Heal for a while first.
176005615,"I requested a suspension for being addicted to the forum. That’s not the way to deal with addiction, IMO. The proper way is simple discipline, and having better things to do . If I can’t think of anything better to do, I kind of gravitate back to here, but that’s more of a failure of imagination than the forum’s fault."
176005616,its okay if no one knows.its a european drug anyways.most americans not gona know it.i just wana know if anyone else here takes it.
176005617,Thank you……………………
176005618,Only a few times because I take my meds now
174343119,I feel mentally disabled from severe negative symptoms of sz.
176005619,Thanks! _AT_MENTION_
176005620,Because I didnt take my medicine and ended up in the hospital involuntarily. The pdoc told me in order to get out I must get an injection or go live in a group home. Those were my two choices. If you dont take your medicine that’s what they do to you.
176005621,"is it noble? or is it exploitation? why is it supposed to be good? i don’t know if i should be of more service to others or if this makes me a loser, i mean i can do it a little, but i can’t dedicate my life to being a servant i don’t think."
176005622,"I’m so confused I keep having these horrible thoughts over and over again and they are so vivid I’m sick and I think something is wrong with my head, I don’t know what the hell is going on anymore nor do I know why I’m doing any of this. I bet this whole time I’ve been taking it and I was never ever sick all along, I don’t know who I am anymore time isn’t real nothing is real something is not right. I’m tired of fighting. My head hurts."
176005623,"I oscillate between the both conditions I find wow… Is it possible and how so, people? Wow…"
176005624,"I thought a had a spiritual awakening and I might have, but I have been mostly asleep for the rest of my life. I have missed out on all my opportunity because I failed to take action."
176005625,Yeah what we really need is critical thinking.
176005626,Happy Valentines Day!!!
176005627,"This guy I met was from POF. I was happy that I met someone local right off the bat but I wasn’t happy that he turned out to just want sex. But I guess those are the breaks. Now I’m trying Match, I like their website, but no matches yet."
176005628,Yes i think to the mods are outdated and not living with the Zeitgeist. The side needs an update of fresh mods. Nothing personal but the mods are to driven in their ways to change.
176005629,"Yeah, i understand. Im still hearing noises everyday so i believe i am still psychotic as well. I was on risperdal before and it took away my psychosis, so i dont understand the reason for them keeping me on this drug. The faults of living in a “third world” country where drugs are hard to get. Especially during this pandemic."
174343111,I freaked out over my stone and a half weight gain from my meds and have been off them for 3 weeks. Couldn’t go in to work today. I’m off my antipsychotic and antidepressant. The thing is that I’m no longer sure that I have sz and think that I could just be a victim of experimentation with electronic weapons. I started back on my aripiprazole again today as my partner got really cross with me.
176005630,Glad you made the change to stop and be able to live a healthier life because of it!
174343118,What dose? 151515
176005631,cut out all junk food eat a lot of fruit and veg and drink a lot of water ect also exercise for 2 hours every day i go for a long walk every day!No takeaways!
176005632,Of course not. I look forward to my spirit/soul continuing on .
176005633,I don’t know if I’m sane enough to give you an advice. I feel weird today
176005634,Chamomile tea never worked for me.
176005635,I suppose I could its just right now I don’t have any anxiety and my sleep is bad but I do sleep
176005636,"Hmm. . . Well That’s All For Today. Sadly I Don’t Have Complete Space To Record During The Quietest Hours Of The Night. Growing Up, Those Were My Most Beloved Moments Of Fun Creations. I Remember Reading Stories About _NAME_ Writing Song’s Late Late At Night. His Neighbor’s Or Roommates Talked About How Beautiful His Music Was. It Isn’t Piano Playing, But!, His Album, ‘Pink Moon’ Is Stellar!. Ch-ch-ch-check It Out!. Mostly Acoustic Guitar. A Guy I Can’t Compare With Honestly. N e Hoo. If Anyone Has Any Grooves To Set In Opinion Mode, I Am Up For Brainstorming Personal Reviews. Keeps It Cools (!!!)."
176005637,"I think especially because of covid, there are a lot of people currently walking around with undiagnosed PTSD and other trauma symptoms. Granted, I didn’t believe in neurotypicals even before covid."
176005638,"A “survivor show” on TV, perhaps you know it guys, it has been in several countries. 2 teams compete in various games and those who win, eat the trophy. They are in a tropical paradise, alone. The players were talking to me. Also leaving careful hints and implications for me."
176005639,I am reading the Daily Stoic. Great book. Stoicism descended partially from _NAME_ the _NAME_. It is a great philosophy that teaches us how to face our challenges in modern life.
176005640,_AT_MENTION_. It might’ve been me. Memrise is also good as well as 50languages.com.
176005641,my mum always says smokers like strong coffee. I smoke and i like strong coffee too. But on topic i think you should stay strong and stay off the tobacco. You are doing well.
176005642,"Words’ meaning is determined but how we use them, not their etymology or original dictionary acception. Psychologists and philosophers of the mind are bound to be more precise in their use of technical terms, or at least more consistent, but the everyday meaning of “ego” as a hypothesised organ or psychological apparatus embodying “our worst” qualities is valid because it is as widely used as it is widely understood. Dr. _NAME_ settled this matter centuries ago in the preface to his dictionary."
176005643,Climate change - it’s an illusion right;?;
176005644,"Thank you, I didn’t take that psychology class in 1984 for nothing."
176005645,How do you have some much energy to dwell on these past life things. You could put that towards your math learning
176005646,Recovered symptomatically because PTSD is ripping my mental health apart right now. Also the physical disability doesn’t help with that.
176005647,"For a while just take it easy. I’ll be honest with you _AT_MENTION_, as much as I like to see you on here, I don’t think you should be posting a lot right now. You need some more time to relax and heal."
176005648,Boxing news: _NAME_ gives advice to mental health sufferers with inspirational message mirror – 20 May 19 Fury gives one piece of advice to mental health sufferers _NAME_ has had a well-publicised battle with mental illness and now wants help by giving advice to fellow sufferers
176005649,"Good luck, I hope all goes well"
176005650,Where is _AT_MENTION_
176005651,Sure! I only equivocate sometimes bc I’m not completely certain of the rules.
176005652,"I disagree. Most people just want to be special… I didn’t fish for my diagnosis Also functioning levels can fluctuate, if you had seen me 8 years ago you wouldve thought I was low functioning"
174343116,"mdedge.com Atypical used in Parkinson’s lifts hallucinations, delusions in refractory... After 1 or 2 months of pimavanserin (Nuplazid) usage, symptoms “were completely gone” in 10 patients, Dr. _NAME_ A_PERSON_ said. Pimavanserin (Nuplazid), an atypical antipsychotic approved to treat hallucinations and delusions in Parkinson’s disease, shows promise as a treatment for patients with refractory schizophrenia who fail to respond to clozapine, a retrospective study suggests. “Within a month, sometimes 2 months, hallucinations and delusions that have persisted for years were completely gone,” said lead author _NAME_ A_PERSON_, MD, in an interview. The study was published in Schizophrenia Research ( https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0_PHONE_NO_ ). Dr. _PERSON_ and his colleagues launched the study in a bid to help “the most desperate group of patients” with schizophrenia – the 60% of those with refractory psychosis who do not respond to clozapine. “This group of pat
ients is so desperate that psychiatrists have used everything in our pharmacopeia,” said Dr. _PERSON_ The results, Dr. _PERSON_ said, were remarkable. “Not only did they get relief from their delusions and hallucinations, but nursing staff reported they were much more sociable and affable, getting out of their rooms, and mixing and mingling. It seems to help them beyond suppressing delusions and hallucinations. It made them more sociable and pleasant.” Patients were able to avoid blood tests and the “sometimes life-threatening side effects of clozapine,” he said. According to the study, no patients needed to discontinue treatment because of safety or tolerability."
176005653,"what are the medicines, and what are your experiences with them? do they make you sleepy? do they calm you down? do you have an anxiety disorder or is it just anxiety from sz? i’m particularly curious about buspirone since i just started taking that. or i have already been taking hydroxyzine and mirtazapine if you take those i’m curious too."
176005654,I’m on my lunch break at work so not really. Its 12 now I work until 3. Then drive an hour home. The drive might help for a little bit.
176005655,"One of my close friends has covid. I haven’t been in contact with him other than online. But he’s self-isolating right now and he says he lost his taste and smell, has a sore throat and just feels wiped out. I know a few people who have had covid, but didn’t know it was covid. Everyone is unique, and the mortality rate is decreasing. I think the worst is for health workers–who are re-exposed to it by working in hospitals. I had covid in January actually. But I didn’t know it was covid because there were no tests available back then. No one caught it from me, and I slept it off. Since then, I developed sleep apnea and sometimes I feel faint. I don’t know the long-term effects of covid but I definitely feel like it had some lasting damage to my lungs because of the sleep apnea, they said I had oxygen levels of 64 not 100 when I slept during the sleep study. I have wondered if that’s because I had covid possibly or if I have always had sleep apnea. So all the holidays have been canceled 
because people are being more careful. I hope you don’t have it, stay safe. I have tested negative twice since then."
176005656,"I get dissociation. Time gets a bit distorted, surroundings don’t feel or look real"
174343120,Abilify Lithium Clonidine. Cogentin Latuda Amitriptyline Propranolol
176005657,I learned a new word today. My aunt told me that epidemic means a problem for a whole nation. Pandemic means there is a problem with the whole earth. I learned what Pandemic means.
176005658,"Vraylar, latuda, caplyta are my favorite. Better for depressive moods, cognitive decline, weight loss, just an insurance hassle. Some doctors are hesistant. Helps with negs and psychosis."
176005659,I also heard it’s like a lobotomy
174343121,"I was lazy, years before schizophrenia, but maybe I was in prodromal phase. My father calls me lazy sometimes, and it gets on my nerves"
174343124,Yeah I wasn’t going to say anything about it but I was thinking it.
176005660,The guy is a ??????? quack. He’s not a certified clinical psychologist. He’s a certified jackass and moron. No I don’t like him.
176005661,"Some people have messed up thyroid I do Some people have to eat more from appetite problems with meds I have Some people have binge eating or a history of bulimia I do Some people end up spending their lives cooking healthy food for husband and self, next to the junk food I do Some people were obese children from trauma and copying mums behaviour around food I was Most women gain a stone in weight in the first year after marriage I did Some people gravitate towards sweet foods and junk I do I’m 12 lbs obese Suffer from self obsession around self and food This is insane odds to keep to any kind of real weight loss My mum has always been bigger than me now she is 10 lbs below my lowest weight of the last 5 years I used to be able to diet I don’t tend to last a week I’m filling my fridge with veg and healthy protein I can’t help myself with cheese or chocolate or cake I’ll end up gaining more than the traditional 1lb a year past menopause when that happens God"
176005662,"When I was a teen, we used to tease each other about being Freudian. It’s so not about the point of real life."
176005663,"My morning has took a turn I didn’t want it to take, I found a problem at work and now I have to fix it and another one popped up while trying to fix it. I have so much I have to do it is tiring."
176005664,It was with the dentist. It was okay. I see my pdoc on monday.
176005665,Oh sorry I got you mixed up with someone else who has similar picture to you. The person had just split up with girlfriend and was going to see if parents wiuld let him stay.
176005666,I feel mentally disabled which makes me almost physically disabled. Physically nothing is wrong but mentally there is 0 energy to do what I want to do. Its hard to understand unless you experience it like _AT_MENTION_ said.
174343129,My first psychosis was when I was 17. It was brutal
176005667,"My doctor does a combination, and so does _PERSON_’s. If one of us needs to be seen in person for something, we are."
176005668,"It’s got salami, pepperoni and marinara. I get it with mozzarella cheese, green peppers, black olives and jalapeños. Toasted with the veggies already on it."
176005669,Ok thank you for explanation.
174343125,"My first diagnosis was schizophrenia and OCD, but they were two very distinct disorders."
176005670,"Start by learning Calculus, if you haven’t already KhanAcademy videos are very good on Calculus"
176005671,"If you are extremely bored, watch all of the _PERSON_ of the _PERSON_ extended editions in one sitting. See now even I couldn’t do that. _PERSON_ but I do want to know what you watched!"
176005672,I’m used to people who are quieter about things. My provider vents with her volume turned up so it goes through the whole house. I just want to die. These are not my people.
176005673,"We don’t pay for hospitalizations in Canada exept if we get extras like a semi-private or private room. In my case I get private rooms because being pent up with strangers exacerbates my mental illness. You don’t have to pay for a private room if it is assigned because of medical needed, only if you upgrade. Even then the room will likely not be availble."
176005674,I think thats bad for psychosis as it raises dopamine in all the brain. Pretty sure thats why my psychiatrist didn’t prescribe it. Are you on stimulants?
174343128,Wow u have been taking 60? No wonder you haven’t been feeling well. Hopefully the effects clear up soon so you can feel better. It’s good you caught that!
176005675,"Oh I was terrible on Invega. I would cry my eyes out. I hope you feel better. The vraylar helps motivation. Without it, I would want to lay on the couch all day. The vraylar sort of forces you to move. Vraylar also evens me out. Less lows and highs. The voices are still here, though. So this might not be the final drug for me. That’s about all. I do hope you get feeling better."
176005676,I feel pretty anonymous here and it wasn’t many who saw it n it was over twenty years ago. If it was out now and more had seen it I would be embarrassed but talk kindly to myself to move on. I’m not religious and I don’t believe it’s a sin but I just don’t do it because I don’t get what I want out of it.the orgasm is just boring etc I want love making.intimacy. I’m pretty open on this forum. I think a lot of us are.
176005677,You are so kind _AT_MENTION_ . Thanks.
176005678,CNBC – 31 May 19 FDA pushes CBD manufacturers for more evidence at hearing Food and Drug Administration regulators grill manufacturers and advocates for evidence that CBD actually does anything beneficial.
176005679,We all want to survive. That’s only natural. And luckily your hypothetical situation would never come to fruition so I shall refrain from answering it. My alters do wish to live and I wish to let them. And personally I just dont like the term disease it makes me feel less about myself. I prefer the term condition
176005680,"Do you feel like brain fog or similar confusion? If its nothing medical related you might just be feeling the blues, just not feeling like you fit in society. I’m not really going to throw darts until something sticks, you haven’t explained for what reasons you feel this way or why in any great detail to do anything other then that, but I’m not going to fill in gaps where they might not exist."
176005681,"Lately I write poetry again. I complete a 9 pieces poem, with title Litanies """
176005682,Some meds are known for it. Check with you doctor. I think I’ve hit the natural age bracket. I was always ultra horny…not so much since I was about 45 or so. _PERSON_…that is such a good thing not thinking about sex so much…The advantages of age I guess. Talk to your doctor.
176005683,if you both want to be in a relationship then that is all that matters… shouldn’t worry about his family cause they are outside of what you 2 have. But i get why you feel like this though… you also don’t know what will happen in the future… maybe you don’t relapse if you stable on your meds.
176005684,"If you’ve had any allergic reactions to anything in the vraylar family, beware of that happening. I took a dose and tongue swelled and throat tightened, told that current pdoc and she told me to take 16 benadryl a day, a zyrtec and a claritin, then she’d see me in a month. Next I saw her she upped the dose and told me that sometimes we have to suffer allergic reactions. I ended up in ER right after from such severe panic attacks and inability to breathe, plus vomiting uncontrollably and diarrhea that the er took two separate blood tests to check me for drugs. I came out clean and my hair was 20 inches long at that point, told them do a strand test to see if I’m a ??????? junkie. The nurse gave me a hip injection sitting up, not protocol by their own admission with the board, and she blew my hip with the needle and injection. That was August, I am walking with a cane. I hope you have a pdoc who has your health in mind and not a superiority complex. Nurse from ER was fired, and after investigat
ions of how the pdoc treated me and accessed my files after I fired her and switched to my new one, I have a letter saying she was no longer allowed to practice with Mercy in a frame on my dresser. I filed complaints, as did my husband, a social worker, and my current pdoc and therapist. She got nailed on the telling me to ignore severe allergic reactions, which I caught her on phone doing. And her own sarcastic notes bit her in the ass."
176005685,Remember how self conscious I felt knowing I was being videod
176005686,"Hi _AT_MENTION_, I wanted to study piano in Cuba, I was largely self taught in jazz in London from tapes and playing in a mixed internationalist band at school. I found a very good teacher, in fact he was a priest, to use the colloquial term, but he showed me his piano and it was totally broken, I’d never fixed a piano before. We ended up learning some simple rhythms the pop and the religious. When I got back, I got a copy of the religious codex written by another priest, this time from a village in West Africa. He was a genius in chemistry. I honestly can’t read it, it’s all Greek to me, and I failed Greek as a child. The Anglo-American who translated it was an anthropologist and wrote a lot of political nonsense which is worthless unless you want to start a war, or maybe catch and cure a disease. I also found a copy of the codex in English on the internet which I think was first published in Cuba. However the chemical language is the best, very beautiful were the reviews it got in the Ameri
can South. Don’t know if any of this helps, I would have sent you this in a PM but I don’s have such a privilege. Thanks."
176005687,mirror – 15 Jul 20 Fitness guru claims we've been doing push-ups 'wrong' and shares our big mistake Fitness guru _NAME_ Wood has shared the one common mistake people make when doing push-ups and explained what we should be doing instead
176005688,"I took 1mg of cogentin from 2012-2018. If I took anymore, that stuff is strong!!!"
176005689,More like her in your profile pic then that pic.
176005690,"For now, I’m going to stay with a friend. I told him I want to move asap; it’s just a matter of him clearing out the spare bedroom, or part of the basement, whichever I end up in. He lives out in the country, so burglary is not likely. I figure I’ll have to stay there for a couple months to be able to afford the move."
176005691,Thats great news
176005692,_NAME_ stoned from tool.
176005693,Theres is no such things as ghosts !! Theres alot of bullshiit spoken here !
176005694,I applied for a job Interview on Friday but not confident Have been very stressed today and feeling low
176005695,Hope you feel better soon. Sorry you’re feeling down.
176005696,Sometimes I hope somebody asks me for a cigarette just so I can talk to somebody. Even for just a little.
174343122,I cope with positive symptoms with meds but I cope with negative symptoms by going out a lot. I drink tea or coffee which somehow makes negative symptoms go away for a while and makes me forget my life is a mess. But I do more than cope right now.
176005697,Born and raised in the USA.
176005698,"How are you all? I am doing fine. I would like to get in touch regularly. My bipolar and schizo symptoms are reducing. Though, there has been an out of touch with family members. I am able to relate to others in the world. Hope that is fine."
176005699,For sure! Usually I just procrastinate exercise and not do any of it.
174343131,No did clozapine make your voices go away?
176005700,light and two people11080×1080 63.6 KB
176005701,I’m a rapid cycler but my doctor keeps ignoring my bipolar tendencies…
176005702,_AT_MENTION_ In the middle of next week But I see my therapist Tuesday who works with my doctor
176005703,Heck yes _AT_MENTION_ thats the spirit way to go! Look at them straight in the eyes when answering questions. What type of work ya looking Into??
176005704,I’ll get mine when it’s my turn.
176005705,But if I don’t believe in this stuff I feel so scared. That just raises my anxiety when I have no faith Idk. I guess I’ll learn the hard way if it makes a next psychosis worse
176005706,"I have a quiz on executive functions. Unfortunately, I can’t share them publicly on here, because I’m not sure if that would violate copyright laws. If anyone wanted to PM me for TOTALLY UNRELATED reasons im sure we could just “chat” about certain things winkwinknudgenudge."
176005707,"I am alone because I never made friends with people who were actually nice. I agree with you though, I am so fussy that no one meets the standard, and it will stay that way."
176005708,"Thank you, its good to be back. I feel so different now. I cant stop crying. But i do feel like this is a big step for me."
176005709,Hugs to you _NAME_. That’s a lot to handle at once. Be well friend.
174343132,They just went away for me. Plus I took energy pill and St. _NAME_’s wart.
176005710,What if the only reality is what we experience with our senses? That everything outside of our senses is not there. Kinda like the question does the tree make a sound when it falls if nobody is there. Does anything exist if we are not there?
176005711,"It’s such a rude awakening grabbing jeans from the closet only to find they don’t fit anymore haha… Wishing you luck with the low-carb/fasting, _AT_MENTION_!"
176005712,Forgot my meds now feel like a bus hit me risperidone withdrawal sucks.
176005713,I drink protein shakes as meals. Lost 18 lbs so far.
176005714,Sounds like we have similar or same ideal men. I love long hair and beard too. My x had long hair to his bottom and a beard.stunning and the best man I ever met but he wouldn’t let me be vegan because he thought it would make me sick so I left to become vegan. It was perfect with him and his dogs. We lived in a perfect home with perfect dogs and were a perfect family. He also used glue traps to kill mice which tortured them so I left the person I love most in the world for animals and my morals regarding animals and he is a hunter. Could your husband grow the little hair he has long for you? Are you sure you want to spend the rest of your life with him if you fight so much and favour another? Companionship is lovely though but not if you fight all the time. Maybe write three positives about your husband every day to help you appreciate his strengths. Would you ever leave him? Maybe things can improve.
176005715,Yeah. A guy from my old church’s son got a girl pregnant out of wedlock. I wonder how his parents reacted. I don’t know but people are human and they mess up. _AT_MENTION_ . Do you have kids? I have a 22 yo daughter and a 9 yo son. I know that my daughter was hurt by my illness. My dad had Sz when he was young. My dad came from a really screwed up upbringing though.
176005716,the world have nothing to do with us.we try to feel better and hopfully everything else feel better.its in our minds.we have to keep our heads up.
176005717,My mom says I’ve been acting manic lately… and I’ve been feeling agitated the last few days… especially with my step son… he’s always so difficult when he comes back from his moms… they’re returning to school soon (thank goodness!!) so my mom and I will get a break soon from supervising him…
176005718,"I got psychotic in 1980. About three years later I started becoming stabilized, but my symptoms were still strong. I really don’t know how to measure psychosis or pinpoint when I started coming out of it. In the hospital in 1981 I was quietly, but extremely psychotic the entire time. Then one day my parents helped get me into a real upscale, fancy group home called a Residential Treatment Home. I left the hospital and I lived in a two story house with 7 other clients in really close quarters with round the clock counselors. People talk about environment as it relates to schizophrenia. Well suddenly, I went from living in the hospital for 8 months with 75 other patients to living in a nice home, in a nice neighborhood in an affluent college town near Stanford University. I was suddenly living in peace, no one really got on my case about anything. The home was highly structured, that was their solution to mental illness. We had mandatory morning and night chores, we all ate dinner together, that we 
each took turns cooking. We had two groups a week (which I never talked at). We had scheduled outings once a month to places like the beach or museums up in San _NAME_ or going to a fancy restaurant. The funny thing is that I don’t really remember my mental state. I just remember how comfortable it was there. But when we went on an outing to the Russian River I remember laying in the sand in a sleeping bag and I was just suffering and out of my mind. Just some real scary stuff going on in my head. But, what the hell, the trip had some good points. I saw this lady from the house who liked me and always flirted with me, changing her clothes and not even trying to hide it, so I walked by and accidently saw her nude. Yeah, looking back, I don’t where my psychosis started and where reality began. At this house, I suffered , but nothing as bad as when I was in the hospital. And 9 months after living there I got a job which I stayed at four years. I don’t know if I was psychotic during that period but I was he
avily medicated."
176005719,"When I was 4 or so the doctor embarrassed me by talking about giving me an enema while we were in a crowded waiting room. I felt very small, like a two year old. Just because doctor has become calloused to feelings doesn’t mean the rest of us have."
176005720,Beer is unquestionably great. I don’t expect to be contradicted on this point.
176005721,They don’t hate you You are welcome in their family Today won’t go badly You can do it
176005722,_AT_MENTION_ thank you so much _AT_MENTION_ thanks again
176005723,I’ve been bullied endlessly by obese people in my young adulthood.
176005724,I’m much less acutely/floridly ill than I was in my 20s and 30s. Social. As with many of my age social care is a primary issue. I had my 1st ever test for signs of memory loss at my recent video consultation. I passed without any trouble.
176005725,For instance I know it’s not the same but don’t dolphins have some cool ways to communicate
176005726,"Of Course!. Next Time, For Kicks!, Try Soy Sauce!."
176005727,I play alot now didn’t do when onset of sz I like to play fortnite warzone World of tanks and age of empires 2 it keeps mind occupied for the most part but am always changing games after a while
176005728,"So incels are more insecure about their status, and project their frustrations and blame women? Is that right?"
176005729,"You cant work isnt it? I thought that only me has sh**** problems lol…5 years is a lot, but you could change this. Me, ill try to change the isolation too even that it lasted for 20 years… Do you eventually have some friends left, willing to help? Me, my friends proposed me to go out with them, but as i said, my paranoia in fact is harder around the others, even around my mom :(… idk why i am like this…"
176005730,How do they make it alkaline do you know
176005731,"im 44 and have always lived with my parents…theyre both in theri 70’s now so im there for them, especially with all the covid 19 crap"
174343149,Far_cry How are you man? I hope you feel better soon.
176005732,Thanks. This life hurts man.
176005733,"Oat milk, almond milk, soy milk. Coconut milk. Coconut cream can be used to make whipped cream I think. It comes from coconut milk. Cheese can be made at home really easily with just a few ingredents. Lots of videos for cheeses and other dairy alternatives on YouTube. I think you can even make oat milk at home with just oats and water. There are videos to show you how and it might be cheaper to make at home."
176005734,"No but I do think celebrities and people I know are trying to catfish me, headlight me, stalk and harass me etc…"
176005735,"Hey seems like your in a downward whirl again… but don’t let your past bind you in one perception. It may change if ya test out a little Keep riding, that’s all we can do"
176005736,"to my father yes, because I’ve never had a career and made money, and to my mother, I’m just a custodian. that’s so untrue. and when I told my daughter I’d rather have my life than hers, she was shocked and taken aback, maybe offended, idk. it’s true though. I don’t think she’s ever done anything wrong, a nearly perfect person, with an ideal life, except for CF, of course. it’s always been hard not to spoil my kids. yeah."
176005737,Not bad. ? m good. Thank you for asking. Nice to meet you. And welcome forum again. See you man
176005738,"I talk to a few people, family and friends, on a regular basis. I read and sometimes write. I think a lot about my illness and how to cope. My mental health is very bad and I must try very hard to improve it. At this stage it is mostly just coping."
176005739,Yep! Most definitely
176005740,Thanku _AT_MENTION_!
176005741,You need to talk with your doctor as these are prescription pills. Anyway it will give best results if you take like that. When in depressed mode clomipramine and when in hypomanic mode immediately stop clomipramine and take lamotrigine. Bipolar depression consists of few hypomanic episodes of short duration and lengthy depression episodes and during some duration feel completely normal. This is why medication is tricky. The glad part is that there is no full blown manic episodes but if take antidepressant like clomipramine during hypomanic mode then it can feel almost like mania that’s why usually antidepressants are not prescribed for bipolar illness. Taking lamotrigine during normal mode and depressive mode is equally bad too as this is why you feeling more depressed. Talk with your doctor regarding this.
176005742,"Notifications has this maybe they have it unchecked, Allow other users to send me personal messages"
176005743,Change you your projections in life
174343137,I would love to see a pic of your “toilet seat noise suppression system”. Sounds quite interesting.
176005744,I just want to be a young athletic black guy with a six pack
176005745,"Cos you make many threads, asking the same thing, repeating the same things in all threads etc. Keep it all to one thread"
176005746,"Look for ideas for using resistance bands on Youtube. Weights are simply a form of resistance. All that matters is that you’re targeting muscle groups, how is less important. If the how fits in a tub under your bed when you’re done, so much the better."
176005747,I find it helps to remind myself that we’re all human beings going through stuff. Glad you’re feeling better!
176005748,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005749,"I take AP’s both by mouth and by injection so, I couldn’t answer. I prefer my injection in my hip because it is much less painful. Since I am a former RN, I tell my nurses where to inject me. They usually always comply with my instructions. And when they don’t, it usually always hurts like heck. And when they do, I don’t even feel it."
176005750,"Alrighy, you need to calm down you. Nobody has suspended you. I don’t get your problem. You post rude, inflammatory posts and they get closed. So will this one. One more post like this and you will be silenced"
176005751,"No you don’t. Unconditional love is dumb. They can do shitty things, you have to call them out on it."
176005752,"I had male genital envy because I did not have a healthy mother to identify with. I could not compensate by saying I had healthy female genitals. Also, my adopted brother was very handsome. I look like a bitter woman indeed."
176005753,good to hear that from you as you asked before about ways to kill yourself. So that is a good change i think =)
176005754,I just finished a month of part time work. I worked 5 hours per day and I worked 5 days a week.
176005755,"I hate it when inanimate objects sound like voices, it’s creepy. The shower always sounds like people screaming to me. Freaks me out."
176005756,I’m just scared. I feel like I’m becoming evil and cruel. And I don’t think it’s just a delusion. But idk how do I start to love things again? I used to be so kind-hearted and caring. Now I see someone who needs help and I can rarely motivate myself to care enough to even say something Like a lot of times caring feels like an after thought. I think maybe somewhere in my brain I just feel like “why bother? They’re just going to hurt me or betray me or just not care. What’s the point?”
174343136,"~(Scanner Day 6)~ Another Day, Another Walk. And Sad News to All Those Keeping up With Me. I Bought Two Energy Drinks Sat on a Nearby Bench And Drank The Drinks Felt The Slight Awakening “buzz” From The Large Dose of Caffeine. And Now I’m Learning. What I Learned is, I Don’t Actually Need Those Drinks. Not Too Mention, Too Expensive For Hurting Your Body. _PERSON_’s Eve, Body Tricks And Treats!. I Learned in My Distant Past, I Always Would Say No to My Clinic. So. I Don’t Plan on Failing Again. (I’m Actually upset With Myself For Failing My New Doctor). She Was Super Nice, And Didn’t Come at Me All Forced With, (What Seems Like Negative Intentions). As _PERSON_ Says, ‘You Live, You Learn’. Be Back Soon Everybody, Wish Me Luck!. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Bat Beam Dream (sleepoptimistic)"
176005757,"Thanks, didn’t think about that."
176005758,"I’ve witnessed both ends… When I went to a psychiatrist for the first time and opened up about my psychosis to him he only said ‘wow, that must have been really tough’ and I felt he understood me very well, it was exactly what I needed to hear because I had been hiding my psychosis from everyone for over half a year. In a later episode, I had a friend sleeping over because I did not want to be alone and I had talkradio on to drown out the voices. The next morning he told me he now knew how I felt because he had trouble sleeping because of the voices from the radio. I thought to myself ‘yeah but no not really’ lol. He’s the best though."
176005759,"With this kind of OCD (low dopamine related), if take strong AP working memory can get worse as dopamine level gets too low. In some people working memory not get affected much but in some it can cause as dopamine levels in different regions can differ from person to person but AP reduces dopamine equally in all regions. Low dopamine in prefrontal cortex region is linked to poor working memory, attention and executive function."
176005760,Im on Invega it works fine
176005761,"_AT_MENTION_ inappropriate laughter is a symptom of schizophrenia and bipolar. I once laughed when my friend just gave me the sad news that his father passed away from pancreatic cancer. Sounds evil but I really liked the guy. It was an inappropriate reaction. Even though I felt sadness over his death it was an inappropriate reaction. Sounds evil but it really isn’t. It’s like an inappropriate knee jerk reaction. I’m still ashamed of how I reacted though. en.m.wikipedia.org Paradoxical laughter Paradoxical laughter is an exaggerated expression of humour which is unwarranted by external events. It may be uncontrollable laughter which may be recognised as inappropriate by the person involved. It is associated with altered mental states or mental illness, such as mania, hypomania or schizophrenia, and can have other causes. Paradoxical laughter is indicative of an unstable mood, often caused by the pseudobulbar affect, which can quickly change to anger and back again, on minor external cu..."
176005762,"_AT_MENTION_ I don’t, but I keep expecting to. He let me know I can talk to him about it if feelings develop and we’ll work through it, but none so far. Thanks though!"
176005763,"you know there are like ten threads asking for a photo. i saw all us happy comrades and submitted one or two myself. nothing wrong with that, eh?"
176005764,I don’t trust the food in restaurants so I rarely eat out. I’ll mainly eat home cooked meals.
176005765,With _AT_MENTION_ ?
176005766,I don’t think it’s a competition. I sometimes rather have simpler delusions because they’re easier to solve and manage. I still haven’t figured mine out. Probably never will.
176005767,My name is _NAME_ and I am a recovered skitzafrentic bipolar type I was mentally disabled for 4 years got put on the right medicine and got my life together now completely off and independent from public assistance in working as a dcjs certified guard for a company and going to school for aviation maintenance technician certification and had a years stint manufacturing ships you really can do anything when you take your meds
176005768,That’s really nice. Good things.
176005769,Men can enjoy wearing dresses and such! I wear some women’s clothes because I couldnt care less about gendered clothing. But you could also explore being non binary if that resonates with you
176005770,"Your point is moot, you are in no position to judge anyone else. Anyway, why are you so obsessed with putting another person down? Your time would be better spent trying to uplift someone’s spirit. People on here have enough problems, they don’t need your bull$hit."
174343140,"There is a doctor who developed a protocol for treating Alzheimer’s. It’s called the Bredesen Protocol. You can find info on the internet. I don’t know if it translates to schizophrenia at all, but some things that are good for the brain are good for all kinds of brain illnesses. Cognitive training and exercise has a lot of good evidence for both illnesses, and essentially no dangerous side effects."
176005771,hahah. That was really funny. Thanks.
176005772,"surveillance issues include all data, so yeah, there’s that, but the most insidious is the taking of your person through the mind, seeing thru your eyes, and going everywhere you go. Have you experienced direct energy torture?"
176005773,"Yes it’s tough…I smoked for a year… The thing is I replaced smoking with gaming,and then gaming is giving me problem.I took medicine,it’s making me tired at work,I needed sugary drinks to keep me awake in the morning or else I would fall asleep.Now I am getting diabetic,I know because I abuse sugary drinks…i know I would die diabetic more then lung cancer…"
174343143,I was hopeful and thought it would be easy to treat
174343150,"A matchmaker once told me he would help a “schizophrenic” get a partner, but not a “borderliner”. In the one stay when they thought i had borderline the ward staff treated me much much worse than all the rest of the times, when they thought i was schizophrenic. I think such personality disorders might have worse _USER_ID_."
176005774,My parents also dysfunctional.its really tough situation.good luck
176005775,Here’s a pic I cut out of National Geographic and framed. A7AF8FD5-8A5E-4836-BF47-E32E14EDE7E1.jpeg 3024×4032 2.11 MB
176005776,Tonight as i was about to turn on the light I felt transparent. Like being already in after life.
176005777,15 characters…
174343148,Nice. Did you download it for free?
176005778,"i was physically disabled befored sz,but now im more disabled."
176005779,#blackandyellow _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ brandonls3 5d I tried to manifest myself mentally in an outcry to the invasion of my space. Sitting Indian style trying to represent to the schizophrenics under the same conditions as me.
176005780,"Many times, voices say a weird or unusual word and then I hear it either by someone or by the tv"
176005781,Patience is a virtue. I have gotten to know patience quite well now
174343157,"So when you’re stable and sane, you don’t take your meds? You are stable because of meds"
176005782,Yeah it has to be pretty bad for them to call school off. Now that we have zoom our snow days are gone.
176005783,I also believe in the matrix
176005784,I wouldn’t if it was 20 minutes
176005785,I too suffered from experiences with demons and Satan. To go through it is traumatizing to say the least. It rocked me to the core. I pray that God and some potent medication will bring you through this. My heart goes out to you for sure. I was very alone at the time and that is no good. Keep reaching out and sharing with others. We admire your strength! Keep seeking answers!
176005786,Make it (survival) a priority.
174343146,"2 tears ago, I was obsessed with schizophrenia. Now i have accepted it and I live my life"
176005787,Hi man. I had to quit my job because of a minor episode. It was already pretty stressful. I need to take a break. And how are you?
176005788,"Life is a struggle. For those with sz, doubly so. I don’t have an answer for you, just want to say I’m in the same boat and you aren’t alone."
176005789,I have made some sz. vlogs and wonder how can I post them on here? They’re just rough drafts.
176005790,"Normally I try not to have sugar around. Everyday I want something sweet but I’ll improvise: tea, coffee with splenda, toast and jam, cereal with splenda - sometimes my son will bring me home a pepsi and or a candybar. But right now it’s mayhem. There’s cinnamon life, cookies, pudding, candy, toaster pastries, and juice. I could have any sugar I wanted. It’s crazy."
176005791,"Do you happen to have autism or adhd? There are a lot of ways to cope with this, but it takes work"
176005792,Is it possible to go in and out of psychosis for over a year?
176005793,"I want to know if you think it’s reasonable to have a kid? Responsibility. Education. Risks. Being completely and brutally honest, what do you think?"
174343152,"_PERSON_ during psychosis I basically have no memory and can’t focus at all. Wow, I thought Asus laptops were the best!"
176005794,When I was pregnant with my daughter there was a girl that went to my same church who was 14 and pregnant. 14 !!
176005795,"I got mine this morning. I was just furloughed so I am going to hoard it away until I know I can pay my bills. Then I am going to pay down my credit, buy a longboard and save the rest."
176005796,"Turned 52 today. _PERSON_, I think. Having coffee and about to dig into work (from home, as usual). We’re going to be short-handed all day so it’ll be a stretch. Oh well. Will step away from it at 5 pm and spend a couple of hours exploring town centre with a camera."
176005797,Hopefully vraylar will work for you…
176005798,I want to see how my brain has changed with an mri. Maybe I’m in type two psychosis where there’s no brain change
176005799,"I _NAME_ this in the hospital. It is done in crayon, which is a good medium for me. It made me feel love. The poem I wrote at home. These are not bitter tears Nor are they tears of joy It is just the sorrow leaking out Released by my love for you. IMG_20210323_055733912×1600 286 KB"
176005800,Maybe talk to your pdoc today for his advice. I went out today and had someone make a snarky comment but I don’t want this problem. I feel like someone is doing this to me.
176005801,I don’t understand this post a pill made you not know things?
176005802,Why do alters scare you they’re just people. Also how could this be SZ??? Like I have alters and they help me and I care about them and we function??? And as I’ve said before integration is not always healthy or the answer. In my case it would probably be detrimental. And yes I do have family and our relationship is… Odd… I love them but things were rough hence how I got alters in the first place. They aren’t effected by my alters negatively at all. cause again alters are just people.
176005803,"What are you having anxiety about? My grandpa told me to write down stuff that makes me feel anxious, idk if it works but i do it sometimes. Also have you tried doing light stretching as soon as you wake up?"
176005804,"Ironically it wasn’t my sz what has been driving me mad with doubts these last 2 months, but my OCD. But I feel I’m regaining my self-control back and returning to my new normalcy. I mostly appear normal to the world, but I do look spaced out and unfocused at times."
176005805,"You are a bad place right now. You need to reach out to somebody. Maybe you could tell your counselor some of your problems, and say you are not suicidal."
176005806,"I was only fired once. I was a barista at a small coffee shop where my friends worked. I worked days and they worked nights. One night we drove around (we were all emplyees) spray painting Obey ensignia everywhere and we hit the coffee shop. I quit but they convinced me to stay on and then they got me on camera and fired me. That was one angry phone call. The rest of my jobs I just quit without telling anyone, stopped showing up. I have a terrible work record."
176005807,"I am learning the hard way that you do actually have to rely on these professionals. One would hope she is nice and competent, and is doing the change to help you along. Trust is key."
176005808,_AT_MENTION_. Just remembered therapist isn’t in till tomorrow… Think I should wait or call nurse triage line??
176005809,"Sigh, ok. I give up. I sorta knew this was a losing battle anyway. lol. I don’t know what else to say…New meds and therapy would be my suggestion. I wish you good luck."
174343151,These meds are all the same.
176005810,This topic was automatically closed 14 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005811,Do your voices cause you pain or weird feelings in your body or I’m the only one with this. Some times they cause me the worst pains in my gut and back and say that it’s gonna be trillions of times worst in hell
176005812,Same… I feel like I’m the jester entertaining kings court.
176005813,ho ho ho merry christmas
174343158,"Are you on any other meds too if I may ask. I love aripiprazole too, shame about the hair thinning thou"
176005814,"I have to come to realize it is suggestible to avoid networking with teetotalers masquerading as jelly belly reaganite mental health professionals, with trickle down slogans. People so engrossed with the biological chemical laden brain jar in the AI they can’t jump out of the dream they are sleep walked into."
176005815,_PERSON_ its a bad idea to date other mentally ill persons. The risk of having a child with a mental illness increases by a lot and also the family environment will be worse for the children.
174343168,"Yes, you can definitely become a psychiatrist. I wish I had a psychiatrist who was schizophrenic. There are doctors I’ve heard of, who are schizophrenic. _NAME_s son studied to be a psychiatrist, but then got schizophrenia. Doesn’t mean you can’t succeed. That’s great, you only have 2 years left. Don’t let foolish _USER_ID_ stop you from finishing."
176005816,I feel like it’s passing… I’m starting to circle back
174343154,"Haha. Im glad it works for you. I was on it when i was just 16 of course - so maybe my young body could not tolerate it lol. I had the “shuffle” on it - and mum would tell me off, cos i had to stick my arms out with my fingers pinched when i walked down the road lol. It really pissed with my motor skills lol."
176005817,This is why we should shop small. It can benefit the small businesses as well as customers.
176005818,"yes, cluster migraines. I take excederin plus ibuprofen to get rid of mine. I think it’s because there’s something wrong in my neck. I gotta get it checked out. I’ll ask my dr next time I see her."
176005819,Like the drawing. I find art helps me to calm down and tell me what’s really going on with my mind.
176005820,looks great I herd that sketching helps people relax. I hope you get all the prompts you deserve. Great art work
176005821,_AT_MENTION_ she isn’t blaming me so much as trying to do the hard thing to make me have to figure it out. She tells me often maybe we can make it work one day. She tries to offer hope. She tries to tell me good things about myself. She wants to help people but being with me has shown her how difficult it can be. I am just void of what people call self love and I don’t know how to fix it. I try and mimic the answers given but nothing feels authentic. I just feel void of that love for myself that I have for her and my child. I know how to love them. I just cannot translate it to self. I feel it has a lot to do with the combination of mental illnesses I have. I have complete empathy and emotional response outward for those who are important to me. Internally it’s complete apathy.
176005822,Wish you the best _AT_MENTION_ .
176005823,yeah man _PHONE_NO_
176005824,Would the half of quetiapine not take a few weeks to kick in though?
176005825,BBC News Google Earth time-lapses show a changing planet Satellite images collected over 37 years are combined to show how Earth in a new way.
176005826,will u vote 4 trump again?
176005827,The brain is an amazing thing
176005828,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ I guess I shouldn’t be complaining about having to wait. I’m thankful for their service.
174343165,"I do feel that I have lost my mind. thought it yesterday, what has happened? I have lost my mind"
176005829,"You probably take care of yourself more than you realize. You’re dad is really old, There’s no way he’s your caregiver. I feel like you’ll do fine alone, maybe with a little help of a case worker or something. I know you’ve had problems with case workers in the past, right? Maybe that’ll resolve soon."
176005830,Do you enjoy reading? Maybe get a book you don’t think will make you paranoid.
176005831,Why don’t you find someone else to talk about already?
176005832,"Good story. Sorry you had to live through that. I flew to England once, and was going to try to live there, but had something in my purse about my diagnosis, and they made me fly back to the US."
176005833,Why don’t you weight train at the gym?
176005834,"What do you mean? I’m confused, bit slow here"
176005835,Sounds like a great treatment offer. Good luck with it!
176005836,I am glad you are feeling better. Try to keep busy or distract yourself.
176005837,Caffeine is a stimulant.
176005838,I occasionally or maybe even regularly get hypnogoggic hallucinations at night. Auditory. I don’t particularly like that. It’s like I’m thinking but I’m not kind of thing. _PERSON_ thoughts fluttering through my brain quite quickly
174343164,"I want to begin a strict Ketogenic Diet but feel lost and overwhelmed, and would like medical supervision/guidance. I can’t afford to hire a ketogenic dietitian (three months of consulting costs about $1,700). The _NAME_ Foundation website has a list of hospitals that provide ketogenic therapy - do I just show up to the one nearest me? (Also, I’m not eligible to participate at a local weight loss clinic that employs a ketogenic diet as I’m not overweight, and I want to participate in a study on the effects of the diet on people with schizophrenia but I think the study participants must be obese.)"
176005839,It sounds like the Zyprexa is a little energizing for you. If you are having trouble sleeping you really need to let your pdoc know as soon as you can. Trouble sleeping is a common side effect with Zyprexa and usually you will adjust to it but the manicy feeling is bothersome to me and I would feel better if you let him/her know. I hope you feel better.
176005840,"I see… yeah, the klonopin helps my paranoia and anxiety, but my body conversion disorder too in fact… maybe I need it… For the rest, I try to get better in my life now. But I was sick and alone for so long, that itll take time. My mind is smashed and probably quite numb now… but now I fight, not as before…yeah, no side effects on me from the klonopin… I should become more “awake” I find in my mind… in my body too maybe it can be done even on klonopin, as _NAME_ seems to think it Thanks for your answer _AT_MENTION_ , it clarifies me a bit. Yeah, my sz turned physical too and only the klonopin helps me a bit on this… I just have friends who doesn’t believe in the meds for me, but they dont know it all… it’s an illness, we need help… but yeap, the benzos are quite stigmatized here, idk… Hugs"
176005841,Yes it was. He’ll be okay though it sounds like. He’ll just need to think long and hard about quitting smoking I think.
176005842,"the only reception I can get for Cubs games is on my 5 dollar dinosaur little brown radio _NAME_’s got all this stereo stuff, and we still get lots of static I like it when they’re on t.v., since I don’t have cable."
176005843,It’s a good bet any smart phones or devices you have are listening in.
176005844,"Just becareful and I actually advise against it.How long are you on them? I have been off meds at least 4 times,but got back on them.Stressor in life is normal,so I think you would still need the meds"
176005845,I think mine is already monitored and has been for years.
174343171,"They use 2000mg/day, that sounds too much. How much do you take?"
176005846,"You’re lucky you got treatment earlier. My parents were ignoring me and they didn’t believe in mental illness, they’re too religious."
176005847,Yes that is horrible. But know that you’re not alone. My Dad was a rapist.
176005848,"Sorry to hear that, maybe sep-363856 or xanomeline you can try when they come out?"
176005849,Welcome back…
174343173,"So back then you had nothing extraordinary, like visions or voices"
176005850,yeah true id quit meds if i had the chance
176005851,"I don’t know if masturbation is wrong or not. But I think that porn is damaging to a young person’s brain. First of all, everybody has a big dicks the girls are perfect and porn is nothing like real sex."
174343172,"Its not the meds. I was on Abilify for 8 years 20mg and I quit all meds for 1-2 years. I still had the same problems you have. They’re called negative symptoms and have a bad _USER_ID_, ppl think we are chosing to be lazy."
176005852,I don’t know. Maybe become a cook. Watch pots boil.
176005853,"Nice its relaxing, makes me remember hookah bars music."
176005854,"IDRlabs Psychosis Spectrum Test Psychosis Spectrum Test, measuring psychosis spectrum symptoms across 10 different scales."
176005855,a glass of milk will make you sleepy
176005856,When I’m psychotic I get agressive towards myself.
176005857,Thats what I feel like–Maybe it was the types of jobs I chose that were so difficult. I always aimed too high so I tend to over-stress and get burnt out.
176005858,"the closest thing i’ve come to farming is my vegetable garden. it made me realize, i have no desire to farm. if i did, i would grow garbanzo beans. or maybe have a vineyard."
176005859,"I grew up with a verbally abusive _PERSON_, She was mean to me. I think I was the exact dark skin color. Anyhoo, she lives with me now. Occassionally she is verbally abusive and that relates to alcohol. I am disabled by schizo-affect me disorder. Anyhoo…Push thru this as best as you can. I love this forum!"
174343177,Come tot hunk of it ever since I’m the pills I’ve seen my self taking long pauses in between sentences and sayin ummmm
176005860,Primary care physician.
176005861,Once i felt my legs wet from urine. I had nothing on my pants but I felt I was peeing
174343178,I was at 1mg lower before and had positive symptoms only when outside my house or when under stress. Idk if I can avoid these.
176005862,Yeah but for me iq is important
176005863,I have a “belief” that I will work for the anti christ. It’s impossible to shake completely and has been with me for years. I feel like I have some special purpose. I know it’s not real but man does it stick around.
176005864,My security is having enough money coming in to pay for the expenses going out.
176005865,"LS! In a couple of weeks I am going to be a 62 years old man. I am on the right side of the happiness curve. I am already past the average of 59 years of life for a male in the Western World. Methinks too many articles do not stress bad genes, but blame smoking and inactivity. But thanks a lot Firemonkey!"
174343176,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov Antipsychotics Do Not Influence Neurological Soft Signs in Children and Adolescents at Ultra-High Risk for Psychosis: A Pilot Study. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, M _NAME_ and A _PERSON_, Journal of psychiatric practice , May 2019 Ultra-high risk for psychosis (UHR) is considered as the condition that temporally precedes the onset of psychotic symptoms. In addition to the core symptoms, patients with schizophrenia show motor abnormalities, also known as neurological soft signs (NSS), that are considered an endophenotype for psychotic disorders and particularly for schizophrenia. Antipsychotic medications do not appear to influence NSS in individuals with schizophrenia. However, NSS in UHR subjects have been poorly studied and, to date, we do not know what effects antipsychotics have in early treated UHR subjects. Therefore, we evaluated NSS in treated UHR subjects in comparison with drug-naive UHR subjects and a group of healthy control subjects and the effect of pharmaco
logical treatment on early treated UHR children and adolescents.Fifteen UHR subjects receiving pharmacological treatment, 15 drug-naive UHR subjects, and 25 healthy control subjects were evaluated for NSS to analyze any differences between clinical subjects and healthy controls and to evaluate the effect of antipsychotic medications in early treated UHR subjects.Both clinical groups showed a greater number of NSS compared with the healthy control subjects. However, no significant differences in NSS were found between treated and drug-naive UHR subjects.Consistent with what has been observed in the population of patients with a first psychotic episode and/or with schizophrenia, our results support the conclusion that antipsychotic medications do not influence NSS in children and adolescents who are at high risk for psychosis."
176005866,i’m not lazy or anything
176005867,What color and medium do you reccomend?
176005868,Good to know…
176005869,"I feel your pain. If it makes any difference, I have gone from being debilitated by SZ and similar afflictions to what you describe. Somehow, I managed to survive and do as well as my peers with work Things are a lot harder for sure, but rising to the challenge can be a positive step forward. Me personally, I found it worse not working, as not being occupied to a very high degree of concentration, only leads to focusing inwards. This is not healthy. Having distraction is very favourable in my view. Keep busy."
176005870,I had the belief I was a sleeper spy once
176005871,How has changing meds effected the illness for you? Improvement?
174343179,"Oh and not all APs are the same. I had a lot of side effects with Invega, but Aristada, similar to Abilify, gave me a break from them."
176005872,We all need a pat in the back.
176005873,"She won. I got afraid of my anger. And a fear of punishment resulted. Bah, humbug."
176005874,L-theanine helps me with catastrophic thinking. Maybe you could try it. https://www.iherb.com/pr/Doctor-s-Best-Suntheanine-L-Theanine-150-mg-90-Veggie-Caps/12959
176005875,"I was uder the impression from my readings, excess of dopamine in the wrong areas of the brain were what caused schizophrenia, or at least caused it to propagate itself. Not so?"
174343175,"A variety of symptoms occur which generally leads to the diagnosis of a mental illness, such as, hallucinations (visual and/or auditory), delusions of grandeur, extrasensory feeling (such as being touched and or raped when alone), paranoia, depression, intrusive thoughts, et cetera. After the first diagnosis, depending on a personal state of hygiene (such as grooming) and function, a different diagnosis might be given by a second opinion or a different mental health facilitator. As for the medications, it is good to do research through trusted sources, such as an accredited medical journal or a health website run by a corporation that produces baby strength aspirin and such. It is also very good to ask both the person prescribing you the medication as well as the pharmacist about any possible side effects that may occur such as, weight gain, depression, suicidal thoughts, sedation, anxiety, loss of apatite, increase in apatite, aversion to warmth, isolation, decrease in motor skills (or function), 
decrease in sex drive (or libido), shortness of breath, increase in heart palpitations, decrease in heart palpitations, decrease in antibodies, et cetera."
176005876,I know the feeling. I am pretty useless for modern standards.
176005877,"I think you can start to make some small changes, step by step, and this will gradually improve the way you feel. First you can start some small exercise regime and start eating right. Fruits and vegetables and cut out the processed food. Go for a walk or a mild jog starting at 30 minutes a time and moving up from there. Are the meds the reason you need to sleep so much? Maybe get up and have a cup of coffee and do some exercise. I know it’s tough at first but I believe some small changes can make a big difference for you. How to the girls get notified that you have a condition? That is weird…"
176005878,"lol. It does not matter if you did not break the law _AT_MENTION_ . You’re not allowed to go around breaking the rules and acting like an ??????? to people, otherwise people would not come here."
176005879,Though still friends
176005880,yeah if you have unusual beliefs you are automatically classed as stupid and treated like an idiot lol
176005881,At the time he said take 2mg a day? I can’t remember if he said 2mg in morning and 2 mg in afternoon
174343182,"Yes, but there is no meds for these yet, my psychiatrist said that too. I am on Risperdal 4mg abd its working 90% for positive symptoms. I also have mild cognitive symptoms and no meds yet for these either."
176005882,"Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, ass."
174343180,Listening to audio books helped me block out the noise.
176005883,i bought this product it has 227 servings for 9.59 its a great deal. Swanson Ultra Glycine Powder - Featuring AjiPure 8 oz Pwdr - Swanson Health Products (swansonvitamins.com)
176005884,That’s great _AT_MENTION_ . I’m happy for you that you’re not isolating as much anymore
174343181,5 scripts. 2 APs an AD a benzo and a sleeping pill.
176005885,"Don’t beat up on yourself like that. You are a great person who deserves to be happy. People depend on you to take care of them. You deserve a lot of credit just for that. Don’t envy other people’s happiness. They’re not as happy as you think. I’ve come across people who seemed perfectly serene, and then I found out about all the crazy ???? they have done. To me, a loser is someone who takes advantage of other people, someone who doesn’t hesitate to hurt people to get their way. That’s a real loser. You’re an outstanding person."
176005886,yea thats scary.
174343191,Schizophrenia Schizoaffective bipolar type Schizoaffective depressive type Bipolar I Depression with psychotic features Psychosis Schizotypal personality disorder Schizophreniform Borderline personality disorder Other 0 voters
176005887,They aggravate my issues with irregular heartbeat. Doctor ordered me to stop them.
176005888,You’re loved Your efforts are seen You’re doing your best It’s working
176005889,That will be nice. We’ll sit and talk and get a tasty beverage. She’ll be here to get me in 30 minutes.
176005890,I have lofty goals of building a time machine but cannot and won’t lol. I want to go back to school and stuff. I hate time travel and think it should be banned. I just wanna figure stuff out.
176005891,"I am going on a natural smoothie diet but in the mornings I will always eat cashews too, I don’t want to crave fat that is why. it is very good for u autophagy. gives the body time to move from the digestive system to redirect energy to cleansing the body of debris and malfunctioning micro bits and pieces or even work on macro bits and pieces idk how far that goes I have pulsatile tinnitus I am concerned it is due to stenosis so I need to be very cautious (today I had pizza and crepes it is a very difficult journey) but my diet starts tomorrow if all goes to plan"
176005892,"Thanks for the reply. I’ve had sleep problems my whole life, so nothing new there. But in the past year since I’ve been on Latuda, I’ve been having middle of the night insomnia problems. I’ll get tired and fall asleep fine between 11 and 1 am, but I’ll wake up all of a sudden between 3 and 5 and can’t fall back asleep. So those days are usually a ????? since I’m not a nap taker. I’ve been good on Latuda but I might have to switch to a sedating AP, since it seems like my pdoc doesn’t give enough of a ???? to give me a real sleep aid, instead of trazadone or doxepin. Anyone have any recommendations?"
176005893,Please go to the ER if you are continuing to self harm and are having suicidal thoughts.
176005894,Those are legitimate reasons to worry _AT_MENTION_ . I’ll worry for no reason at all.
174343187,_AT_MENTION_ after I got my psychosis diagnosis Some time after I started working in a skyscraper. It was all glass. I remember when I was walking near the glass windows or cleaning the glass I felt this weird nudge to smash through it. I was working near the top floor. It was one reason I had to leave that job. That I don’t know what it was it felt more like an intrusive thing. Very weird
176005895,I watch TV all day and I am on my phone.
176005896,That’s great. Only a few days away. Best of luck with the appointment.
176005897,Thanks _AT_MENTION_. I think restarting the cigs two days ago then quitting again yesterday has kinda messed me up. Need some good routine and stability. Our good friend _AT_MENTION_ always speaks of the benefit of routine: I think he is right
176005898,"Why do you need this surgery? If your prolactine is causing it, change meds?"
174343186,"My case worker recently told me not to believe anything I read online about sz. So I got a couple books to learn more about it. In Chapter 6 of this book, page 111 it says - Approximately (1 in 2000 people) over the age of 65 has schizophrenia. The book was published over 10 years ago. There’s a few more things in it I don’t agree with so now I really don’t know what to believe."
176005899,National Elf Service – 12 Jul 19 Life after leaving hospital: when does a duty of care end? _NAME_ writes her debut elf blog on a recent national cohort study of multiple adverse outcomes following first discharge from psychiatric care.
174343193,Yes ive been on abilify for 2 years
176005900,Nice color. Very bright.
176005901,Does that mean that we are geniuses? I think _AT_MENTION_ was right by saying that psychosis makes us geniuses
176005902,Which medications and doses are you on??
176005903,Believe it or not daily exercise can help you be less tired during the day.
176005904,I’m glad things got better for you
174343200,"People who work in health tend to act understanding about the fact that I have to take Latuda. They always act immediately when they see that I’m running out. Too bad not everyone gives you so much understanding when you say you have schizophrenia. As if I don’t have enough trouble already… :,("
176005905,i dont just feel stupid i also get headcache.if i dont take antisycotic i get i get headach.
176005906,that’s just priceless lol
176005907,No site is totally hack proof. But there is a lot of security in place.
176005908,My Pug had problems with his anal glands. This is common with small dogs.
176005909,I’m actually happy today and want friends
176005910,"Do you like to meditate? If so, now is a good time to do so. If not, it’s still probably a good time."
176005911,They use to make it where I don’t feel the seroquel at night and keep me up till sometimes the afternoon
176005912,I eat one slice of wheat bread in the morning and 1 scoop of fiber powder man it makes go. Good thing it cleans out my system well. Who likes to eat fiber.
176005913,"i dont know of any people that have successfully treated psychosis with just cbd, when i was really interested i cbd i looked all over the internet, seems that its not much more than placebo when it comes to sz"
176005914,"i think it would be great instead of stop the processing of dopamine production, but help faster the decomposition of dopamine to other molecules , i think it do less harm to our brain"
176005915,"I think your advice is very sound and completely logical. Definitely some wishful thinking on my part. Will just have to follow the doctors advice, and see how it goes. Will still go with a reduction and another attempt at stopping if I get the chance though, which I know goes against everything I just said."
176005916,"I used to not make eyecontact at all, until people started pointing out that I was being rude and flakey. I still don’t like prolonged eyecontact, but I’ve gotten better at the conversational kind."
176005917,"I’m not sure there’s anything you could do. Even without schizophrenia, a hardcore alcoholic like that would be very resistant to being helped by anyone"
176005918,Well I worked up the nerve to walk in the bosses office and drop my notice. My last day working for the IRS will be 2/26. I see my PDoc that morning. Then the next day I will begin the drive to California. I have found a studio and a one bedroom apartment I am looking at online. Will rent one of them. Start the new job March 2nd. I took a similar job at the same base in 2013 and I only made it 6 weeks at that job. We will see how it goes. Back into aviation and the defense industry.
176005919,How is your music gone?
176005920,In the shower…
176005921,"I phone my mother some five to ten times a day, every day. My father really wants to travel, but he says my mother worries so much that I won’t be able to cope if they go away, that it is impossible. I think reducing the number of times I phone my mother may go some way to addressing that, particularly because when I do phone it is for my benefit not hers. Tomorrow, I’m going to try and only phone once in the morning and once at night. I’ll try and stick to that as a routine. Thank you."
176005922,My pdoc says latuda is less likely to raise blood sugar. This is one of the reasons she wants me on it. But it’s expensive. Perhaps if your doctor could get you samples or you get one of those cards to get it for 25.00.
176005923,"My thoughts are with you, dear. Hang in there; things are bound to look up soon."
176005924,61eQncAcb8L.AC_SL1500690×1500 68.5 KB
176005925,"Why wait till new year? Get up right now, then lie down and do a press up! Then tomorrow 2, then the next 3. No time like the present!"
176005926,Yes you are right I need a new med combo
176005927,"There is a place where you can submit your own article. I really don’t want to sound like a dumba$$ and I have no title to my name. I would like a study done on wide shoes and footwork/injuries for athletes, particularly basketball players. I think it would help many people."
176005928,"I slept through it to see if I’d feel better in the morning. I didn’t feel better so I decided to do some cleaning. Spending time at home when it’s clean makes me feel a little less bad. When my SO woke up, I told him about it and we talked. I’m not %100 but he did remind me that I have him amongst other people and good things. I got a few much needed hugs and will go about cleaning today. If I have the energy after therapy, I may plant some cuttings I have."
174343197,"Therapy helps me a lot. I go to individual and group therapy. I’m supposed to start DBT soon. But I am also a big advocate for medicine. Medicine helps me a lot. I go off the deep end when I’m not on medicine. Delusions of grandeur, and persecution, hallucinations, visual and auditory. There are side effects, but all medications have side effects. You have to weigh the benefits verses the side effects. Medicine also slows the brain damage from schizophrenia. Brain damage is seen in advanced schizophrenia of people even if they have never taken medicine. Anti-psychiatry people are the fringe of society. Most of the psychiatric community knows they are idiots."
174343205,i am positive with sz and i spread it
176005929,That’s a good pun. Why did the insomniac go to jail? For resisting a rest.
176005930,"Cause I think there is so much potential for insight and real healing. Forum members say things that give me insight all the time, so there is an imbalance in the practical knowledge we have on the forum."
174343198,"It’s simple _AT_MENTION_, work triggered your anxiety and paranoia because it was too stressful. Stress can trigger our symptoms."
176005931,"LS! 1 Fast all day, just take tea, coffee, forty dietary supplements 2 Go to my GP for my ear infection and have my prolactin levels checked 3 Phone mom"
176005932,Supplements ! Beta Alanine or L-theanine. They will chill you out in about an hour.
176005933,"it does take a bit of time, 52 minutes total. I actually run 1 mile, but I do 3 miles a day, and take the weekends off. I have a lot of free time."
176005934,You’re married now. If you want to vape then vape. You’re no longer a child.
176005935,"Don’t know, could you send your bloodtestresults?"
176005936,"Aw _AT_MENTION_ , you don’t give yourself enough credit. I think you’re a decent guy and funny too, bet those girls would think so also."
176005937,"It is 10:46 PM here. I had a full day, but I’m very much wide awake."
176005938,"Sorry yes, it does feel all a bit extreme at times"
176005939,Yeah it seems to work well other than this
176005940,I do the same thing. I indulge myself in music when I’m having a bad day. What music do you listen to?
176005941,I feel good now and don’t have to have greasy hair for the rest of the day. Thanks!
176005942,"I just want to tell others, right now, that if you don’t care about me don’t act like you care. No one cares. Not a single person on this earth cares. People are bitter, agonized, angry, mean ???????? who want to inflict pain on others. People are evil. NO one cares. People are evil. Mistakes are bad."
176005943,Just what went across my mind while listening to this. 1979 -1984 OLD SCHOOL HIP HOP BLOCK PARTY MIX by DJ _PERSON_
176005944,Same here 15
176005945,Chilling mostly
174343202,"No. I don’t know. I guess I just meant, I felt better after a while."
176005947,I’ve never really had a desire to hurt anyone. I was a poor fighter and a great mediator so I think my only fist fight I lost anyways. I’m not sure how rare such thoughts are. I know if you torture animals your more likely to be a serial killer. I have a friend though. He’s described as normal and he had a similar desire. Was in army reserves and all. Fired heavy machine guns and got one of those battle fats. It’s quite common to get an erection firing large hardware…not sure where that leaves us but not acting and knowing it’s not good is a good thing. Have you been a violent person?
176005948,"Weight gain, I gained 60lbs on risperidone. Working hard to lose it"
176005949,"i havent worked since i was 20, im 44 now…initially i was plagued with depression and then at 26 i had the misfortune of getting sz"
176005950,"I just tried Wellbutrin as Dr recommended it, it boosts dopamine. It didnt help, just made me a bit paranoid, more irritable and had insomnia."
176005951,"Once somebody said that he loves somebody, but to the certain extent, whatever this meant??"
174343207,"""everything is a movie set’ Been there, done that…got the T-Shirt! I felt I had become a world-wide spectacle in some elaborate global play. I was unshakable in my belief. But with time and Abilify, I snapped out of it. Have you tried Abilify, _AT_MENTION_?"
176005952,My personality started worsening at 15-16 y.o. until I was put on meds at 21 y.o. On meds its better but not as good as before I was 15 y.o.
176005953,It has been foretold by The Dark Seer that in the time to come a member with an original avatar and a pun-like tag will sprout from the deep web during a time of great normalcy to proclaim to the forum that the anti-mod is coming. Many will give Likes to this person while being blinded to the deception. The member will tell of… Crap. Time for bed.
176005954,Zyprexa and Olanzapine were hard on me.
176005955,Good thing you have a mask( in your pic)
176005956,I feel normal on my meds.
176005957,"I believe my psychiatrist and science more than you, sorry. I was perfect and happy b4 my SZ. I suddenly started hearing voices, a baby cry. Now I have anhedonia and can’t experience pleasure."
176005958,"Really?? Oh wow … learning that makes me have reservations about being on the road myself. Confidence still relates and that helps make someone a good driver, in addition. I’ve said previously on here it’s the most dangerous thing we do."
176005959,Barhemsys _PHONE_NO_
176005960,I vote for phone.
176005961,It’s a good goal for me to have!
174343212,"I thought it was weed too then I started getting memories of being abducted by aliens, which I think were fake and really human beings being ‘sneaky’. Not sure how I made it alive unless I’m a clone. Nobody deserves this. I personally think I’m immortal in a way. I keep coming back alive but I hate going back in time repeatedly and restarting my life all over again fresh. It puts the concept of ‘tabula rasa’ in the trash, basically. What I’m remembering is different than standard reincarnation. I’m in a time loop. If I was truly reincarnating, I would probably be living during war world 2 or something. Can’t say my life would be better or worse. Schizophrenia sucks. At least with a dash of Aspergers, I could have been an esteemed scientist. Can’t do ???? about it and can’t force people to accept my story though."
176005962,Blame it on the brain… (yeah yeah) You can blame it on the brain…
176005964,According to my therapist some people just don’t want friends. They are fine by themselves. This is how I am. Maybe your like me. My guess is if you wanted/desired friends you’d figure something out.
176005965,"So all paperwork and bills can be done at home? Insurance, home reparations, etc?"
176005966,"Every episode or relapse breaks my rhythm of life. Lesson learnt its not my trained thoughts issue, Its just chemicals off balance, which makes it untrained. How can I realise when thoughts go unreal ?"
176005967,That’s 1800 calories? Wow.
176005968,"I might have been an a**hole To everyone I’ve know Cant say that I’ve grown But I’ve definently learned Not to pay so much attention to myself Help others who decline mental health I know I come first But that’s the problem Focus on yourself And you’ll step forward one step Lend a helping hand And karma will repay We cant move forward Without stepping back a few steps I know it’ll take a long time But you’ll get there, my friend."
176005969,"So I was diagnosed with sza a few years ago and have been hospitalized 5 times (plus residential treatment, PHP, and IOP since 2016. I had this boss who was super understanding and kind, and he allowed me to take LOAs when I needed them. Last week, I guess his patience ran out and he let me go. He said that our store is too short-staffed for him to try to cater to my mental health needs. I know he felt bad, but it really hurt. I’d been there for 4 years. I applied for some other jobs but I’m still not stable on meds, so I have to do that first. It just sucks having chronic mental illness because people don’t realize the ???? that it takes day to day to manage and then people not being able to handle it just sucks."
176005970,"No I never had any emotional issues. My parents are rich and very smart. My mom is an accountant and my dad is an engineer. Genetics are more powerful than emotion. They create emitions. With a defective brain or without a brain you can’t experience emotions. My life was perfect b4 SZ. I had a university degree in physiotherapy, was working with my degree 32+$/h, had tons of friends, a gf and tons of money."
176005971,"I am more social in my natal country, Syria. Neighbours here rarely talk. In Syria we visit daily and hangout with neighbours etc. There is less technology in Syrian villages where I used to go. Electricity and water cuts everyday, no cellphone reception. In the city there is signal but not in villages."
176005972,Struggling to sleep and concentrate.
174343204,"you would still have perceptions of things around you, that would torment you in some way."
176005973,I hear ya. Finding one that works is what it’s all about. Hope the sertraline is what you need. It’s basically a big shot of serotonin. What’s your diagnosis these days?
176005974,Fingers crossed for you!!
174343213,I can’t imagine anything will be different this time
176005975,I love how they give a job description that’s all detailed but I ask why bother. They should just say We are going to abuse the sh!t out of you and in the meantime you are easily replaceable. I’ve had two corporate jobs. Never again. I’ll work for less at a family owned business before I step in the corporate manure pile again.
176005976,"It’s natural to want what other people have. It’s healthy to realize that you could have that, too. They have probably worked hard to get where they are. It’s okay if you want those things, but I think you should first focus on yourself. You can’t take care of others until you can care for yourself. I had to work very hard to be where I am today. It took many years and lots of struggles and hardships. If you truly want something, then work on achieving it. Life is not magical. You have to really put in effort, to get what you want. Maybe you think it’s easy for others who don’t have mental illnesses but truly everyone has their own struggles. It’s not about wanting what other people have, but what you want in life, and you achieving those things that you really want. Stay positive."
176005977,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176005978,"Because getting through every day takes all my resources. I have combined all my coping mechanisms to survive as I am right now and to have enjoyment of life. To add a full time job to that would make life impossible for me. Some days are better than others. Symptoms ‘motivation’ lacking bad, anxiety, visions, paranoia, cognitive fatigue, sustaining follow through of tasks, trouble thinking, energy, hygiene, and some psychosis but mostly when very ill but still get some hallucinations that’s just a few I could think of for you"
176005979,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176005980,If you have any bad reactions to Geodon or Latuda you are not supposed to take this. Incase you haven’t been told that.
176005981,Hints of grandiosity is what has expanded human thinking and allowed for evolutionary processes through the brain as we have progressed through time.
176005982,_PERSON_ helped me a lot
176005983,"Wow, great news !"
174343206,A strict vegan diet to prevent heart disease. Research papers references are given throughout the talk.
174343215,"Hi, Anyone diagnosed as catatonic schizophrenia? Do you get positive symptoms as well along with catatonic symptoms? How these catatonic symptoms appeared, is it gradual or came abruptly? Do catatonic state remain same all the time or does it fluctuate. Regards"
176005984,my pdoc sends a mail before i have to go again.
176005985,"_AT_MENTION_ you work. That’s a lot of value. Even if you didn’t, you’d still be valuable. I think you’re just depressed and in pain or something along those lines. Need to fix that."
176005986,"Well, it drove me crazy that she had to have it and then didn’t care for it properly. You can’t just not exercise an animal so it wound up being me that did that. It was also mostly Border Collie, which sure didn’t help. I’m never adopting another rescue dog for as long as I live. Rescue cats, sure, but never another dog from a rescue outfit."
176005987,I cannot relate to this so I send this song in hopes of it helping you _AT_MENTION_
174343209,I hope to make it to my 90’s. Gotta beat my Father at something. Also not all doctors treat patients with mi in a poor manner. My primary care doctor does everything she can to help me feel better physically. She treats me like she would any of her other patients.
176005988,"Hello and first of all apologies in advance for potentially sounding weird as English isn’t my first language. (Additional apologies if this isn’t the right section; I’m on my phone and the layout of the site really stresses me out) I am a 20 year old male with a history of atypical depression and social anxiety but my treatment so far has been limited. The only medication I’m occasionally taking a small dose of insidon to help me sleep. So much regarding the general situation. The reason why I’m here: I have been experiencing some really freaky things and I don’t know what the hell they are and what’s going on with me. The are basically “apparitions”, sort of demon like humanoid creatures that are lurking in my room staring at me. I know they are not real, I know they are not there, and I can’t even actually SEE them. I just FEEL like I can see them. It’s like for example I’m sitting at my desk and I get this feeling that there’s someone or something in the room with me a
nd I can exactly describe what that being looks like even though I can’t see it. And I know that if I would turn around nothing would be there. While at the same time I am like paralysed and too terrified to turn around and check. I don’t know what the hell is going on. I’m scared that this might be a sign of something like psychosis but if I were psychotic I wouldn’t be aware of the fact that these things aren’t real, right? I don’t know an awful lot about psychosis so I don’t know if that’s actually true or a misconception. Additionally, I am aware that demon like creature have a certain religious connotation but I was raised in an atheist household and have no religious belief, so it’s nothing like that either. Please, if someone knows what is going on with my brain, please tell me. I’m freaking out."
176005989,If you can read you can cook. Get yourself a cookbook
176005990,"People can’t just go out and buy zoloft. It has to be prescribed. With supplements, you can ONLY recommend that people ask their doctors, or say what works for you. You can’t tell others to try supplements because you are not their doctor."
176005991,I go for a nice walk every night before bed. It’s how I get my exercise for the day and it helps me clear my mind before sleep
176005992,"I like being an adult. School was the worst thing for me, and it ruined my childhood - big time. I was treated very badly by a lot of people. I did not know my friend from my enemy. Now I have just myself, and close close family and that’s it. I will live out what I have left in a detached state from society, as I have been shown that only family and people who’re paid to care will actually take an interest in me. To answer your question, yes I am doing better. Growing up was hell, and who gives a ???? about sz. Just take your meds and plough through it. It could be worse. Just bumps in the road, and others can have it much worse than you"
174343211,"I’m currently talking Clozapine and it is the drug that has best controlled my symptoms. I don’t like the side effects, but I think it is worth it."
176005993,"I live for my parents, they help me stop suicide and I listen to them because they get hurt if I kill myself. I gave up on work and on disability, can’t live on my own."
176005994,Please don’t be too hard on yourself… also I agree … baby steps… you don’t need to do everything… like going for 15 min walk down the road can help feel a bit refreshed
176005995,I really like the big old American car’s built in Detroit.
174343216,I’m on abilify though
176005996,Exactly what I was going to say.
176005997,"In the past Or well my futures clear I smell what I ??????? fear I smell serpents coming out your ear The only sheer Dangerous beauty That seems so spooky Well maybe arachnid groups of the, Spiders crawling down your wall An army marching in the name of spider law. I’m a writer after all. _USER_ID_ visions must be my god given way to show that I’m not living Up to par Well so far I’m tried to cope with dope and coke and k and smoke and yay and that’s all she’s wrote. When I prove I’m a dope. A dummy. I love my mommy. Come save me your son named _PERSON_. Be good. Funny I’m in the mood. To do. A terrible deed. Eat an edible that’s been mixed with weed. Thc. It’s incredible when I feel freed. From the mundanity. Make a _NAME_. To remain on the. Meds for me. Because they help the sanity. In my cognitive function. I’m starving for this lunch in. When I crunch in. On this food And discuss practically nothing. With this lady I’m loving. It’s very nice and easy fun. I’m every bre
eze and jeez I’ve won. Because I’m the sun. The stars. The fish the cars. The ocean breeze you feel at a beachside bar. And each time you meet a woman you felt that you went far. Didn’t even make it past a start. But it felt plenty well. Meet _NAME_ and _USER_ID_. The beautiful lady. Not in the mood for this lately. But today. I do write to you for a few of my flames. Continue on in my brain. Ok."
176005998,You soubd like you neex yours meds readjusted. None of that is rational thinking
176005999,I agree with _AT_MENTION_. Don’t worry to much about it
176006000,Need to switch meds monday. Going on risperdal
174343219,"Haha, I feel as before schizophrenia, before meds, before pure madness. I feel as I was feeling as a kid. No worries, just joy and fun. I am almost normal"
176006001,I’m told I’m psychotic and have been since 2008. I take my meds religiously.
174343218,"Yes. If that is what your doctor has told you. It’s good to see you online, Was worried about you there for a little bit when you disappeared."
174343214,It would seem so But I don’t want to count my chickens before they hatch just yet… I’m going to give it at least the 2 year mark to let you know If my schizophrenia is in remission… Worked very hard for my recovery
176006002,I think it’s the monotone voice that gets me They have more of a sing song voice and I have no way to tell a story like they do No way to be passionate about my happiness suffering from Schizophrenic lack of joy everything is matter-of-fact for me and I don’t show off and I don’t pose… Never have yes they’re in a league of their own They are coordinated with their style And in my opinion they’re a Lot meaner
176006003,I want that job!! Good on you. That’s a nice job to have
176006004,I’m in the middle of low to high overweight
176006005,"My man breasts were not so big. I have a feeling that human happiness is usually related to gradients rather than states. You can be rake thin and be dour. But if you have very big man-breasts and make them just big man-breasts (i.e. a “very” has been removed) then you can be as happy as, or happier than, the rake thin person. I hope that the OP _AT_MENTION_ can keep walking. I agree entirely with _NAME_: I find that my will power on its own is useless. I need to involve others, do it regularly (or rather integrate it into my routine), like it, and improve. Practically speaking, if walking is your thing, then walking, even part of the way, to your work is effective, but just thinking and attempting to go for a walk often is tricky. I make my commute longer and longer and cycle to work. Perhaps saynow can find some to walk with, a way to integrate it into routine, or a walking competition. Strava or similar apps, if you have a smart phone is a possibility. My wife banned me from using Strava bec
ause it made me compete, in virtual cycle races, on the street."
176006006,I’m struggling now too.
176006007,"This is a hard question to answer as people have different sensitivities to Seroquel in terms of experiencing antipsychotic effects. What I can say is that some see a lift in mood with very low dose Seroquel at a dose as low as 50mg. It is not necessary to experience antipsychotic effects, which are more common around 300mg, to get an antidepressant effect. More detail can be found in the book “Stahl’s Illustrated Antipsychotics: Treating Psychosis, Mania and Depression.” It’s an effective sedative. There are reports/studies claiming efficacy in depression as an adjunctive therapy (i.e., added onto an antidepressant). However, it is not marketed as such."
176006008,61a709206f9acf1e5bf78074e301ec35640×640 23.4 KB
174343221,My Pdoc said last time that my negative symptoms/depression is pretty much treatment resistent - the only things that work are illegal or counterproductive (drugs & alcohol). She mentioned that she has seen good result with a low dose of Clozapine. But isn’t that pretty sedating?
176006009,"PHARMA report on new meds in development Report includes new meds plus some older meds with new applications. Includes new depression meds, etc."
176006010,"Me too. Slurring, stuttering, changing the word order, not following cues, missing a word or two, not explaining well at all my thoughts. All that and then some more when I’m super anxious."
176006011,Hope all’s well for you!
176006012,A pharmaceutical doctor at 8:45 right after I drop the kids off at school. Its hard for me to function that early. I’m hoping she gives me some good changes.
176006013,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m like that if I get not enough, or any, sleep. It took me a while to go to sleep last night, too. I hope you can do what you need to get done. We’re here for you!"
176006014,"By stopping. No one is controlling you, you are not a puppet. E-mailing him is under your control, no one is forcing you to type anything. If you want motivation to stop then be aware you may be embarrassing yourself; that should give you the incentive to stop."
176006015,"I stayed home, I had anxiety"
176006016,You haven’t responded here in a while. Are you ok tonight?
176006017,"Psychiatry Advisor – 30 Dec 19 Identifying the Clinical Determinants of Fever in Clozapine Treatment -... Investigators found data that showed in patients who were treated with clozapine, the risk of infection was higher compared with patients who were treated with other antipsychotics."
176006018,_PERSON_ thats what my psychiatrist said.
176006019,I think it’s nerve damage and tylenol doesn’t help it any.
176006020,I’m doing okay… just drinking coffe staring out the window? How are you?
176006021,that’s exactly what i was about to say
174343225,"Still not what I would call normal mentally, I am hoping this fades over the weekend."
174343222,I too am afraid of hell because of sz. Sometimes the anxiety overtakes me for hours.
176006022,"Good there was somebody to help, some people Can be violent becuse they Think people is demons or they Think someone will kill them if they not doing something to them. But yeah its diffrent for everybody."
174343235,"PubMed Associations Between Facial Affect Recognition and Neurocognition in Subjects... The nature of facial affect recognition (FAR) deficits in subjects at ultra-high risk (UHR) for psychosis remains unclear. In schizophrenia, associations between FAR impairment and poor neurocognition have been demonstrated _NAME_-analytically, but..."
176006023,"Yeah, I remember street signs playing a role in my delusions too. They are just coincidences."
176006024,Waiting for the dr’s appointment
174343229,"How is it supposed to be cooked, is it like minimal amount of time?"
176006025,_PERSON_ its going hard but change is never easy but im going try my best. Thats all i can do.
174343226,I hope things get better for you _AT_MENTION_ .
176006026,I treat them with respect. I call my therapist by her first name. She wants it this way. She’s a clinical social worker.
176006027,"_AT_MENTION_ , Yes talk to your pdoc again. Do NOT keep increasing your dose of Seroquel."
174343231,I think we should have a 'What’s your next diagnosis going to be ? ’ competition
176006028,"Having someone else looking after your meds is a safe move. My parents have mine as I overdosed a few months back, and I am not trusted with them any more."
176006029,Many good points made there. Has the system really improved?
176006030,Why is it a good thing to control the world. A lot of dictators are the bad guys.
176006031,image-20191013_102945.jpg 2448×3264 1.66 MB This my first time using oil pastel in my mixed media collage.
176006032,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006033,"Listen to us, take the Haldol and call your doctor. We’re trying to help."
176006034,"I used to have brown carpet and thought coral looked good with it. But my favorite color is actually blue. I thought I was going to decorate with a blue-green theme, but still have brownish carpet. Since I had coral things, I stuck with it. But really liked this aqua sparkly bathroom rug. I don’t know. I can’t afford to change my mind all the time."
176006035,"I thought I had abilities like the Giver in the movie in a past life. I don’t like talking about such things. Basically, I had the ability for people to download my thoughts by touching my hands. Maybe the reverse process too. I think aliens gave me this ability, but I don’t have it anymore. And I don’t want this ability either. It sucks and messes with the mind and ????. Bad karma."
176006036,"_AT_MENTION_ do you have psychosis, or are you just concerned for a friend?"
174343232,Oh ok. I thought maybe there was a scan that could show that
176006037,Very good observations with regards to it’s methodology most of what you have said here are quite common.
174343233,Sometimes I get sad… Like… Why… Am I wasting so much time… Doing nothing… I hope something good comes out of it… Like future appreciation of productivity for if I recover.
176006038,3 months but she said I can schedule sooner
176006039,It looks very neat.
176006040,What’s the best way to get a girlfriend?
176006041,I would play a guitar or piano… always wanted to learn how to play guitar. did some piano lessons when I was younger… don’t remember much
176006042,Dio you mean dystonia? I’ve had wicked dystonia on Haldol.
176006043,Take a bath Go to Dr and Chiropractor’s appointments Make a healthy dinner
176006044,I always wanted one.
176006045,It’s real stuff. I’ve seen it but only when it happened to me they said it was the Holy Spirit
176006046,I know people like this and it hurts.
176006047,That’s strange that you feel that it’s suddenly not there. Did you change anything (meds/dose/etc)
176006048,"SFChronicle.com – 6 Jul 19 California counties inconsistent in offering critical treatment for early... In California, geography creates significant barriers to people getting early treatment for psychosis and other mental health treatments. That’s partly because California’s 58 counties have 58 different public mental health programs."
176006049,You’re good people
176006050,My mom told me about this website.
176006051,i think the idea that nobody is real is stupid to tell to my dad it will makes no sense to him
176006052,"I agree, it’s just a matter of preference what I said"
176006053,"I like it. It’s how I think all the time so I really relate to it. I don’t know if I’m allowed to say this, but part of me feels like what happened to you is real because it’s what’s happening to me. It’s so scary and hard to deal with."
176006054,Do you think the voices will go away permanently if you keep taking Amyloban 3399 or do the voices come back once you stop?
174343243,+1 True. APs should be carefully dosed and appropriate type to make sure it not cause additional negative symptoms.
176006055,My Mom started and stopped multiple antipsychotics (she’s bipolar) never had hallucinations
176006056,Welcome to the forum!
176006057,Thanks wave. Yes I will.
176006058,It’s a comedy skit from a joke site
176006059,I have diabetes too. But my friends liver function is really bad so I hope she decides to lose weight and take care of herself.
176006060,"Why dont you start a "" Crystal-cotton "" thread. You post the same topics every single day?"
176006061,i hear those too as well as other things bugs me idea is if i listen harder maybe i can work out what they are saying but no chance happens in public so noises all around
176006062,"Mine cost about $1,000 its Microsoft, so yeah, windows. My paintings aren’t that good. I like the pro because you go right over a mistake instead of having to paint white over and letting it dry (for acrylics) watercolor, you can’t make any mistakes. Those are the only two mediums I got a chance to paint with. So the pro opened so many doors to experiment with color!"
176006063,I’ve been 5150 15 times
176006064,"We have no quarantine here where I am. Many shops are open, all grocery stores are open, nobody is wearing any masks, the situation is quite normal here."
176006065,"That’s a cool instrumental! I listened to a few other songs on your SoundCloud, your really talented"
176006066,Mainly like a knife is stabbing me or as if someone is scratching me.
176006067,It still function I just checked it out… you did it very well.
176006068,"Tattoo your soul by being faithful to sth you see as right, this will be more satisfying!"
176006069,"That’s what I’ve been thinking. It could be that he is denying his feelings even to himself. Maybe it will hit him after you have been separated for a couple of months. It does sound like you still have strong feelings for your husband. If you do come back to him, do it in a way that you don’t look weak, but try not to make him resentful in the way you leave him, if you really do want to leave him."
176006070,Thanks for posting this _AT_MENTION_
176006071,"wow, what was she like? details, details lol"
174343244,Thinking that the CIA was after me was pretty stupid…
176006072,In the USA it would be t-mobile or someone like them. Basically the company that connects your phone to the world.
176006073,_AT_MENTION_ when is your next therapy appointment? You’ve been feeling pretty depressed lately and it’s important to let your pdoc and therapist know.
176006074,I like both actually. I’m sorry she said it looked tacky. It really didn’t. It’s just not her style
176006075,"He makes me shout, scream, cry, laugh uncontrollably, fall down, run, jump, he makes me say gibberish, nod yes or no with my head, say neologisms, words that don’t exist, makes me do silly gestures with the hands and crazy expressions with the face"
176006076,"Yeah, if you’re dead, everything is dead. You are the Sole Existence"
176006077,"Well, I wasn’t realizing it before but I think my father was a tough psycho… he was beating my sister and my mom till they bleed from all over etc…m maybe I am a psycho too… yeap, I suffered a lot…but I guess, I have to change now"
176006078,_PERSON_ is an agent of the devil and he bothers me now and then but lately not so much Glad you feeling better
176006079,not on 1200 calories I didn’t other than my daily press ups of now 120 in one go.
176006080,"Gratitude is very important. It’s so easy to overlook good things and focus on the negative, but remember: you’re extremely lucky just to be alive today. Worldwide, half a million people have kicked the bucket since yesterday."
174343245,"I would say there is pro-cons in any meds.Years ago I was taking abilify,it gave me more motivation but gave me restless leg and insomnia"
176006081,Am I stupid to comply with silly commands? Am I a slave of the voices? I have no free will? Wtf?
176006082,It’s the meds but please don’t ditch your meds. Could be the SZ also.
176006083,"That is a great picture, as always. I like her facial expression."
176006084,"Mine have been telling me I’ll die for over a quarter century. I mostly don’t have them now, but when they reappear they still get everything wrong. I just laugh at them and ignore them. They have no power and are just the silliest part of my malfunctioning brain. All they’re good for is a chuckle."
176006085,"The study of the brain should be halted immediately, in all forms. Protest _NAME_."
176006086,My father drank. I loved him. But I didn’t like to see him drunk. When he was sober he was the best dad in the world. Unfortunately he died from _NAME_ body dementia spring 2 years ago. I wasn’t by his dead Bed and that will haunt me for the rest of my life.
176006087,"Day treatment has been good. It’s transition care right now which means I only get to drop by on Wednesdays. It helps. Nothing I can really do about my positives right now. I saw my pdoc and she seems to think I’m ok. I think I’ll have to live with this for a while… It’s not that I want to be like this. Last time I was mildly psychotic, I went to the ER multiple times and switched pdocs and they all turned me away without med changes. The ER last time, in fact, made me stay 3 days, did nothing, and let me leave when my mom called. I no longer want to go there unless I’m really a danger to myself or others… plus symptoms come and go. People make getting treatment sound so easy… as if its just a bump in the road to be fixed quickly!! Anyways, it’s good to see you’re doing well. Lucky!! I already quit my job with the expectation that it’ll be a break for me…"
176006088,"Doesn’t bother me, except to trigger hypomania. I don’t mind that."
176006089,"thanks for replies. Everything is ok. The episode has passed, and it’s a new day."
174343249,Just like DMG there is TMG supplement. It can give extra energy. Its basically a workout supplement. It also produces SAMe using cholesterol which basically act as an antidepressant. You can alternative between DMG and TMG. TMG gives stronger effect with single dose. TMG comes in 500 mg format. May be that’s the reason it gives more effect. I tested TMG using swanson brand. Its cheap too when compared with DMG. The problem is it can’t be taken daily as its effect is too much stimulating. Swanson Health Products TMG Trimethylglycine 500 mg Supplement - Swanson Health Products What is TMG? Trimethylglycine (TMG) is an amino acid that protects the cardiovascular system by supporting healthy levels of the amino acid metabolite homocysteine a... Low Price: $3.49
176006090,If demons were able to hurt us I think they wouldve ripped us apart by now something protects us from demons probably angels
176006091,"I am not super aristocratic minded, but I respect good outfits. Just need to know the person has no issues, visually. Otherwise it is like a red flag. Like they need me to be their therapist or something."
176006092,"true, you have to hold on, no matter what"
176006093,"Likewise! I’m not sure I understand the demi-urge or stuff. I might believe in Archons though. Not sure I truly remember and definitely I don’t understand it all anymore. Probably never have. Gnostic, stuff? I relate more to evangelicalism and Christianity, although I don’t know anymore. Stuff like inflation seems wrong now and a rotating universe seems more ‘Christ-like’ as well as some other things I was thinking of lately. God talks to me sometimes and told me the scientists are wrong and reality is truly ‘isomorphic’ or can be modelled and acts like a computer, but isn’t; hence, we can create artificial simulations of reality and histories and stuff. There’s probably thousands of them. Some were too evil and got destroyed. I was in some of those ‘evil’ ones. The current simulation we are in are pretty good and my life has been better since. I truly went insane and even felt I was tortured too many times before in my other lives. I died and came back alive. So far, I keep w
aking up or resurrecting to the year 2011 via soul transfer back in time. Sort of like immortality and the aliens compared me to Jesus because I was _NAME_ Titor the time traveler – I think. I haven’t watched “Westworld” yet but I relate to the character “Serac” as well as “_NAME_” or the “MiB”. I’m really old as hell. I’m only 31 in appearance, but I think I’m a near infinite years old – older than the universe lol. I also had near infinite amount of past lives. I remember stuff nobody else should or probably does, but I’m not alone. Aliens experimented on me. I was ‘changed’ or reincarnated to an Anunnaki in a past life, which is like a reptoid or regular reptilian although I wouldn’t be surprised if I have grey DNA too and was created by grey alien species in a past life… For instance, _PERSON_’s brother had schizophrenia, but I remember me and my brother both having schizophrenia, but I was able and allowed to cure his but sacrificing my own sanity and health to sav
e him. Similar to Westworld, I guess. I was really intelligent without schizophrenia and even smarter outside the simulation. I think the aliens really dumbed me down by dozens of IQ points since I was a child. I probably was originally born with an IQ of 150-160 although it was enhanced to 200-300 before. I think it’s pertinent that we speak of simulation theory but it’s also dangerous because the simulators don’t want us to know or escape and know how reality truly works and functions. They told me this, and for some reason I keep dying or the simulation keeps ‘rebooting’ or ‘resetting’ or getting destroyed in every life – eventually. Makes me think of Jesus and End Times, basically. I don’t know. I think God cursed me in college because I was a sinner and I split off the universe from the original one.I remember that now. I was from a different universe and got stuck here like a near infinite/eternity ago. Been looping back and forwards through time ever since. Had schizophrenia in my ori
ginal life in this universe."
176006094,Is it a _NAME_ delusion?
176006095,It’s beautiful. Are those seed beads?
176006096,"I like docker’s and _NAME_ pants for casual. and I usually get _NAME_ heusen dress slacks and shirts for more formal occasions, but I don’t really have a favorite. I try not to wear anything with a noticeable label on it. like _NAME_ for example, or something like that."
176006097,Sort of. I’m trying to improve some things but I have bad habits.
174343254,https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/_PHONE_NO_ Says only 30% of paranoid schizophrenics pass the test. I see two faces rotating in opposite directions
176006098,"Oh wow, good luck with the move. I hope you like the new place."
176006099,"You’re lucky to have a day center open, they are closed in my area. I went for a walk today and sat in the park. It helped a lot!"
176006100,Yes I’m doing that right now.
176006101,"I really want to quit,I am thinking isn’t it to enjoy while your young,I hate to suffer when I am older though"
176006102,That looks very clean:)
176006103,Being in combat can make symptoms really bad. It’s not a good idea to have a weapon feeling that way.
176006104,I basically get 6 month prescriptions as my standard prescriptions.
176006105,"I have high heart rate, and high blood pressure"
176006106,My symptoms got better then I got worse again and since then it’s been about up and down. But I’m more aware of my sza now and can manage it better
176006107,Pretty sure I had OCD when off meds. Somehow antipsychotics stopped it.
176006108,Just lie down and close your eyes for 30 minutes. I don’t actually fall asleep.
176006109,"I run away of triggers…but than i don’t live so i have to face them, i guess. But when the triggers catch me, like an argument with someone, i fall, it puts me down."
176006110,You think so? Is it not a revelation?
176006111,I was diagnosed with ADD when I was almost 8. I was a normal kid though. Never a very good student and couldn’t do much math. But I was normal. I had an awesome childhood. Always had a few friends.
176006112,my biggest regret is skipping classes and dropping out of college. i should have been some kind of health major or physical therapist or something athletic related. but i didn’t know what i wanted to do and never went to class. wasted 15-20k and have no degree.
176006113,"Sounds really good, what daw do you use? I used fl studio years ago."
176006114,I’ve been on it for probably 4 or 5 months and things are getting better as time goes on. I deal with lots of paranoid delusions but I’m finding myself being less consumed by it. Maybe I’m getting a little insight thankfully.
176006115,Stimulants make me a ant to lay in bed. What’s wrong with me?
176006116,"Well, as you know from your struggles with alcohol and your membership in AA, usually a true addiction can not be overcome with will power alone. So you need outside help."
176006117,We must each answer this question for ourselves. Our answers should be as different as our DNA.
176006118,No way a teenage girl on a phone notices anything…your’e lucky she didn’t run into you…they hardly look up
176006119,no matter how easy going they are there is always a little trouble.
176006120,compassion. someone who talks less and listens more.
176006121,It’s OK. I usually use it when I cook something on the stove.
174343251,"PubMed Central (PMC) Remission of Psychosis in Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia following Bone... The authors present the case of a 24-year-old male with treatment-resistant schizophrenia, with predominant severe delusion and hallucination, who received bone marrow transplantation (BMT) for acute myeloid leukemia. After BMT, he showed a... https://www.psychcongress.com/posters/serendipitous-improvement-schizophrenia-after-triple-bone-marrow-stem-cell-transplant https://www.nature.com/articles/bmt2014221"
176006122,"PubMed The association between perceived racial discrimination and subclinical... Knowing risk factors that can be targeted, such as perceived discrimination and maladaptive coping, may have implications for vulnerable populations."
176006123,"6 years, since 2014"
176006124,I was with a pdoc till he got retired About 9 years. _PERSON_ to come out off the understanding was tough. Anyways I am with a new pdoc now.
176006125,"By “egocentric delusions”, I mean that in my head, this world isn’t real, it’s all my imagination. So when I’m spinning out hard, I think that even the people around me are imaginary. My husband jokes that I’m just incredibly self-centered sometimes LOL. And I’ve never acted on my delusions or tried to test my theories, to my doctors’ relief. And likely never ever would, because I truly believe this world is what I’ve done to protect myself from the grisly truth of my death. And now I have the children I’ve always wanted and a mostly happy life, so of course I choose this over reality. In a more direct answer to your question, the small part of me that believes this world COULD be real knows that she was just killed 6 days ago. But the much bigger part of me that questions everything wonders if she was even real to begin with… Especially because my high school boyfriend’s mother had the same first and last name and they were both married to a man named _NAME_…"
176006126,Where they ever nice and put you on an adventure?
176006127,"Think about it before you do. If you’re a social person who gets lonely, that could be a bad decision. You wont be stressed but you’ll be lonely. I’m not a social person, and don’t have any friends."
174343257,Yea you need the perfect balance between meds effectiveness and side effects.
174343262,I don’t have that problem either.
176006128,"I like dresses and skirts, but I need to lose weight before they can look decent"
176006129,Great poem I can relate
176006130,That’s very interesting because it was a disturbing dream that sent me to a pdoc to begin with. One more reason to be glad I quit smoking.
176006131,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006132,"The dopamine is out of whack, Any moment I’ll crack, or at least that’s what I fear, becoming another statistic. Chemicals… images… sounds… shadows… You all are nothing compared to my might. my brain might be malfunctioning, but I will become it’s king. I am not yet one with myself for there are 3. But once I find true nirvana maybe finally I’ll be free"
176006133,"I worked at a store for about 5 years. Worked for my dad’s engineering company off and on as the symptoms would allow. But for me after learning the recovery concepts I took off. I had to work hard at it but it is paying off in my degree of happiness. But in my 30s and 40 I spent a lot of time going to groups, therapists, psychiatrists and going to classes to learn about the sz. It’s been a long journey but I think the point is to learn the recovery ideas,apply them and work or volunteer or go to school. I spent too much time just living on disability checks and thinking that sz is a disease where I have an excuse not to engage in life pursuits. Go for it!"
176006134,I got rid of them by using meds and doing a hobby like playing videogames while listening to music.
176006135,"It’s _NAME_, the assistant of Lucifer, that shouts “die die”"
176006136,There’s a wealth of info on the search tool on this site. Hopefully you become more knowledgeable about the thought broadcasting and it will subside.
176006137,"Im lucky that ive got the mobile number for my cpn. I text when ive got a problem, and she often comes round."
176006138,Not at all. My childhood best friend is a higher up in EA now. I’m happy for him. You’re thinking in scarcity terms. Life isn’t a race if you don’t want it to be.
176006139,That’s very interesting
176006140,Splash your face with cold water. I take benzos and Buspar.
174343264,Well I was waiting for a good ending to finish it. And going back to work full time was it. I would recommend anyone considering going off meds to read it. Schizophrenia can get pretty ugly.
174343260,"8 January, pretty sure he willl refuse. He said there is no meds for negative symptoms and that its me who isnt doing an effort to get out of bed. He blames me for my negative symptoms."
176006141,"When you’re having trouble with sleep everything becomes stressed. Try taking trazadone if you can, ask your doctor."
174343265,"Of course it is possible. I worked for a bit more than 2 years in risk management at a bank. I am now pursuing law school. There are plenty of people who have worked in similar capacities with schizophrenia but they simply don’t disclose it. One thing I have found is that nutrition is critical for managing your illness and for wakefulness with anti-psychotics. No supplements helped me as much as having a big arugula salad every day. I sleep less, function much better physically and mentally."
176006142,Ireland has officially cancelled all st _NAME_’s day parades. It’s about time
176006143,Ive gotten some superficial compliments this year like how pretty my eyes are or I like your pedicure or clothes. Something like that.
176006144,"Assuming things go to plan, I should be able to reach my next goal of being less than 215 by the end of the month. I’m about to start my period, so hopefully that accounts for the lack of weight loss recently and the scale will quickly go down a bit by next week. I’ve been doing 2 45ish hour fasts each week and I’m really enjoying it. I haven’t been doing it long enough to see if it’ll translate to real weight loss or just water weight fluctuations, but I’m enjoying it nonetheless. I’ll at least keep at it until the end of the month and reevaluate then."
176006146,"I think most people think I’m just an average guy most of the time. I’m pretty stable, no paranoia or delusions. But come wintertime I feel like everyone can tell, which is why I tend to be a shut in during those months. I don’t know what normal is. I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone who would qualify."
176006147,Im not racist i like all cultures.
176006148,My world is painfully small.
176006149,"Depends. In my state, the law is that you get full paid leave during quarantine."
176006150,The only symptom on that list I haven’t had is mania
174343261,"Neurofeedback may work for you. I was born in the Summertime and might have Deficit Schizophrenia(It’s characterized by more severe negative symptoms if you born during the Summertime and it composes 25% of all SZ patients). I can attest to it working, I had less fatigue after 1 session, and could stay on the computer half of the day, then after the 2nd one, it was the full day. After 6 more sessions, my sense of boredom went away), with minor worsening after the 7th one. The 8th, alot of anxiety that I thought I never had went away(probably from lessening of cortisol) and I feel more calm. I am also starting(I just got home) to enjoy random things more(this forum for example)."
176006151,Your biggest meal is sposed to be breakfast
176006152,I have never hallucinated or heard voices either. I have SZ
176006153,I was just taking a break from the forum.
176006154,I don’t drive anymore. But I used to and got some fines. If you pay them immediately it’s just dealt with administratively and it doesn’t get on your record Here (Belgium).
176006155,"Thanks for sharing your experiences going through the process and a heads up on what to expect. I definitely am going with an attorney. I hope I can get through this with the savings I have before it kicks in if I’m lucky. I have pretty good medical documentation for the past decade of living with _AT_MENTION_ I get you, I am so bad with spending too. I do have a spouse and a sister that is supportive. I think from this point on deciding what I want life to be like. I’m thinking of furniture restoration or creating some art (although before I was in Advertising Desgin and Marketing), I guess I can explore. I see on the forums there are some very creative people on here. It’s nice."
176006156,PubMed Association between antipsychotic use and acute ischemic heart disease in... Our results suggest that antipsychotic prescription is moderately associated with an increased risk of acute IHD among women in primary care and this relationship may be explained by specific antipsychotics. Further research should observe and... Association between antipsychotic use and acute ischemic heart disease in women but not in men: a retrospective cohort study of over one million primary care patients.
174343263,"HI! Lots of people say abilify is a very good med, cause it kicks. But I never felt a kick on it, I was just even more paranoid on it. But my mi is such, that I was very, very anxious about almost everything so I stay on the Zyprexa. I spent an year, where I even didn’t feel the Zyprexa and still don’t feel it a lot. My friends doesn’t like it cause they put weight and they sleep a lot on it, but its not my case."
176006157,Risperidone is causing me too much cognitive impairment and doesn’t work as well as before I want to switch I’ve tried seroquel and it doesn’t work anybody know of any good drugs that work well and don’t make you dumber
176006158,A difficult fact of life.
176006159,The name of what you’re experiencing is way less important than the treatment you receive to bring it under control. Let’s hope they find a treatment that really works for you
176006160,"I’m real! Living in South Korea, and studying part-time through an online university. My past voices used to tell me to stop talking because I was rude or something. They were very good at using my child abuse memories to trick me. It’s going to be ok. Please know that I’m here and we are here also."
174343268,"I believe so too. Scientists don’t even know 20% of sz genes yet, it will take 100 years to find 100% and 200+ years to find the cure."
176006161,You need to see a cardiologist. My cardiologist instructed my pdoc to lower clozapine.
176006162,"I hope you feel better soon. I’m going thru a rough patch too but I think things are starting to feel a little better. I went to my day program today and slept on a couch, and even tho I wasn’t really participating it felt good to be around others today."
176006163,this looks good lol
176006164,Didnt know that
176006165,"Don’t worry, these are all delusions."
176006166,"Yes, it’s what it seems, but I don’t understand why he tells me I love you and that he wants a relationship, he’s going to drive me crazy"
176006167,Is it a virus?151515
176006168,Omg that is a wonderful idea. Thankyou so much!
176006169,I’m curious about it.
176006170,Yes! I have tried to convince psychiatrists of this for years. They wouldnt believe me at first. But it is true! I always have psychotic symptoms before my period… Thanks for paying attention to this. It is important!
176006171,"Wow this is awesome! I’m really glad I reached out for help, this breathing technique and the ice bag really helps!"
176006172,I’m trying to not always be afraid of any changes. I don’t feel well enough to deal with changes. At that thing at the clinic tomorrow it is 4 hours. My brain doesn’t last that long. I don’t want to cry in front of them. Or have an anxiety attack. That would be so awful. And then I have to do paperwork. I hate it all.
176006173,"Here’s my desing without values yet Milk 2% (calcium, protein) Coconut water (electrolytes) Banana (potassium, carbs) Ground raw organic cacao nibs (magnesium) Matcha tea (caffeine, l-theanine) I’ll add more to taste later"
176006174,?t may lose effectiveness But it shouldn t back so hard like pre-medicine time. ?t must have difference.
176006175,"honestly i dont know anymore,what age what gender.nothing,im nothing.all i know im depressed and disabled.worse than _USER_ID_."
176006176,Is a shot faster acting? My pdoc said I didn’t have to take any pills. Is it the normal 4-6 weeks?
174343269,No. There’s a difference between being offended and being disgusted about people complaining about being offended. I am disgusted.
176006177,I’m not going to quit meds I want to quit meds
176006178,IMG_20200229_2016472560×1920 1.66 MB I like this thread! This is oil paints. Did it at the start of this year.
176006179,My father said that I should tell the voice to ???? off. I tried but nothing works
176006180,_AT_MENTION_ I’m with _AT_MENTION_ I haven’t seen the rude.
176006181,"Ok, that’s fine. Ok, I’ll give it another go, but I’ll probably do podcast next time."
176006182,I’m 43 and still not married.
176006183,I think it’s one of the most ridiculous flags I’ve seen.
176006184,Sounds exciting. I hope it all helps.
176006185,Nice! I hope im blessed with good weather soon. Walking is my exercise. All ive been doing is stuffing my face with ice cream lol.
176006186,I still remember a line from a play I saw when I was a child - “I’m from Brazil where the nuts come from.”
176006187,Me after 3 months of quarantine
176006188,"en.m.wikipedia.org Selective exposure theory Selective exposure is a theory within the practice of psychology, often used in media and communication research, that historically refers to individuals' tendency to favor information which reinforces their pre-existing views while avoiding contradictory information. Selective exposure has also been known and defined as ""congeniality bias"" or ""confirmation bias"" in various texts throughout the years. According to the historical use of the term, people tend to select specific aspects of exposed ..."
176006189,"I take 100 mg of Lamictal, but I think that’s just the lowest therapeutic dose. My husband takes 300 mg. I love Lamictal, it takes away all my mood problems and evens me out."
176006190,"10pm in hawaii, i hate being a day behind everyone else, but we have a lot of beaches here lol"
176006191,I dont hallucinate like that though
176006192,"Honestly, I really had a problem with this as a kid and apathy and Nihilism. I’ve long since just moved on and still care about being good and living my life in a way that leaves the world a better place, but I don’t really get preoccupied by the “why” of things. Some things just are the way they are."
176006193,"I just watched the trailer, it looks good. It’s not based on a true story which is surprising. Amazon Prime has it for $5.99 for a single view in HD."
176006194,"This happened in 1993. Because of some odd behavior, the state board of nursing found out I was sza and MI wasn’t allowed in nursing at that time so, my license was indefinitely suspended. It was suspended for so many years and I was so very sick and unstable for so long (up until 2016), that my pdoc told me that I needed to stay out of nursing because it is “way too stressful for you”, which I agreed with. Anyway, I’ve been out of nursing for almost 30 years now and I am almost 61 years old. Sure I’m mentally stable, but, it’s too late for me. If I wanted to go back into nursing at this point, I’d have to go back to school for more training and it’s just not worth it."
176006195,"Hmm. Strange To Admit, My Thought Paradigm Shifting Isn’t As Like What I’ve Witnessed In Thus Thread. I Shift Quickly. Usually, For The Most Part…, It Remains ‘Under Control’. That Being Admitted, From Myself & Nothing Above, Or Below My Psychologically Breathing Metaphorical Wandering Wand. Not In Cycles Of Circus Clowns I Admit. I’ve Never Spoken To Say, The Queen of England. Nor Lorde, From The Song And Video Where She Slightly Smiles And Admits To Enjoying Being Queen. Sarcastically In Truth Form I Admit. But It’s Still Fun To Listen And Watch. Point Is, , , Psychological Thought Paradigm Thought Shifting Is And Can Be, Quite The Spiritually Delusional Psychically Odd Breeze Cafe. Sitting And Waiting, Or Walking And Running. . ., The Mind Is Endless. Energy Like The Thought, Jus Shifts. From Point (A), To Point (B). And Back To Point (A). . ., To Create An Elusive Bond Of Individualistic Perfection. Whatever That Means. . . . . . ."
176006196,"I don’t think that this is mostly about the victim not having loved ones, but victims not looking for refuge under the protection of someone is what really startles me."
176006197,How in the hell did you manage that excuse my french
176006198,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176006199,"How many of us here were born early? I was expected n Jan 21, but was born Nov 1. Another sz friend was born roughly the same way. So just wondering if there were a large number of former preemies here and if there’s been a lot of research into sz and premature birth. Interesting to see how many of us are in one place"
176006200,I’m going from 10mg Zyprexa to 10mg of abilify. I’m gonna try and do the injection due to working overnight shifts 3 days a week and it kinda throws off my med routine.
176006201,This is a great place to be. Lots of friendly folks and answers to questions etc. I appreciate you all
176006202,Welcome back I recognize your name
176006203,Warehousing in the supply chain is hard work but it’s usually just physical labor and easy so if your mind wanders it’s doable. Plenty of jobs in retail for the supermarkets or the department stores. Even better if you get to use equipement and driving a forklift all day isn’t a bad way to make a living and it’s a good skill to have.
176006204,"I know this is probably going to get flagged, but being religious seriously helps my thought broadcasting experiences be 80% positive."
176006205,But what if psychiatrist is part of the universal plot?
176006206,"The problem usually is how I feel while thinkering. The most things are not wrong, but because I feel so, it’s appearing like that. The burden is ours not just mine. But at least I usually never put the burden to be carried by the elses. If everyone would do the same, it would make things easier for everyone."
176006207,"_PERSON_ usually slip up when they start feeling deprived - so I say, go ahead and have an occasional treat."
174343272,I don’t have any positive symptoms. The Latuda takes that away. I just feel unhappy.
176006208,I admitted my problem to a friend and he was nice about it.
176006209,"_PERSON_ I agree with _PERSON_, you did the most you could that’s great stuff"
176006210,The volume is fine on my phone
176006211,"It is not the CIA, but 20 years ago when I lived in America and I visited Miami where I had a meal at one restaurant in Miami Beach and I went to the restroom and there I had voices ‘Do not be scared, the CIA is with you’. The year 1999 was quite difficult, but it is amazing how quickly the time passes."
176006212,Hah! I’d forgotten about the Grammar Nazi!
176006213,As someone who was also sexually abused as a child I’d advise against trying to reconnect with an abuser. Cause they hurt you and as you say it was a very impactful abuse. Forgiveness is one thing but it’s important to remember what it took to reach that forgiveness. If they hurt you again even to a lesser degree I see where it could open many old wounds. And for me personally I would avoid someone like that at all costs. As you said what they did was evil. The fact that someone would do that to a child. I’m glad he’s away from his kid. Cause someone like that should not be around children. I do hope you find healing but I genuinely believe its best to leave him in the past
176006214,I really doubt I have drug-induced psychosis. I had one bad experience with lsd and that was a good deal before I noticed anything was wrong with me.
176006215,"myth, legend, rumor. all can become fact."
176006216,That’s really sad. Could you possibly need an antidepressant? You sound depressed
176006217,I’ve set loud alarms on my phone to remind me to take meds.
176006218,I know this much… a lot of my misery comes from my negativity… I want to change this but old thinking patterns are hard to break… its all I know . …im trying though its just tough
176006219,"Well, it all depends who got them in your stead. Maybe it was someone who really needed that food, or maybe just a fraud."
176006220,That is awesome. Good for you. I hope it takes off.
176006221,Lucky mine wont go away
176006222,What does hair color have to do with anything?
176006223,Yes I do miss playing soccer.
176006224,Making friends somewhere else isn’t really any easier. Just another place geographically really.
176006225,it is great exercise been doing more cos of giving up my car for electric bikes and busses i cycle every day now but i hope that makes me fit enough to start with short hikes the group does challenging walks…
176006226,"i had pizza for dinner as well. just got back from socializing with family, we had lots of family here today for some reason. now im just watching news. i will probably be up late tonight, because i slept in so long this morning."
176006227,Plus if I quit now I won’t get my bonus
174343281,"My dad was good at chess. Growing up, starting when I was in second grade, we used to play a couple games every night. I almost never won but when I did, it was very satisfying. It was especially satisfying because a lot of other kids I knew who were taught by their parents, the parents let the kid win. But my dad never let me win on purpose and that made the occasional victory by me special. And it made me better than most other kids I played, even older kids. In fact, I once won first place in a chess tournament in our school district. The last kid I faced to get the blue ribbon was good. He put up quite a fight. But yeah _AT_MENTION_, I’ve faced your situation a few time when I was younger. A parent would tell me how great their kid was and within the first two or three minutes he would make some dumb move and I was surprised that he could make such a bad move, and I knew I had him. It’s kind of sad to me that two of the first things I lost due to schizophrenia was my love of chess and my lo
ve of reading. I’ve played chess since I’ve gotten sick but not a lot at all. My last game was probably 20 years ago."
176006228,I feel like a desert of some kind. Something over the top delicious and fattening. Something so sweet and gooey and good. A hot fudge sundae. A chocolate eclair. A hot cinnamon roll. Something. This diet is going so slow. I spend most of my time hungry and I’m barely losing any weight. The diet pills only help me not feel ravenous and that’s about it. Which I guess is a good thing but still no miracle or anything. I guess I’ll have a chocolate Slimfast and pretend it’s a milkshake.
176006229,It says it right there in my first post.
176006230,"So you were saying you spend a lot of time in bed … Was just wondering if you have heard of PSR in your city, maybe you can talk to yer psych Dr for a referral?"
174343275,"Some of my family and friends said i scare them sometimes about the stuff i talk about. Mostly when i was delusional. I remember telling my fam about the stalkers that can mind control people and do other things like astral project. They got spooked anyways, i guess they didnt realize what i had been dealing with at the time. The stuff ive learned from using the internet, my old naive self, now i finally understood their are real life horrors lurking the internet and it scares even me. I often think about the place i used to browse, its known for stalking people until they commit suicide. Thankfully i survived the onslaught of the meanest, evilest people in the world and have only come out with minor schizophrenia from the whole ordeal. Tbh i was very lost and rarely used message boards or anything 5 years ago. These days im embracing it and going on dating apps and meeting people. I used to be so afraid of being stalked, and i did get stalked because i say weird, “quirky” things. Ive learned i
t isnt the end of the world, for myself anyways. Once i stopped using those forums, they finally left me alone after about 6 months. Oh yeah i think i scared them when i started talking about the universe. I said to my fam “were the truth seekers of the universe, and thats what we were placed here to do. To explore the cosmos and figure out what it all means.”. Now that i think about it, i was just soap boxxing lol."
176006231,Hang in there Crystal things will get better
176006232,Voices evolve. They get more complicated and intricate. Intertwined with delusions
176006233,Antidepressants have helped me a lot. I was depressed for about ten years before my pdoc fixed it. It ached so bad. Now I only really get severely depressed when I’m coming out of a relapse of sz.
176006234,Yeah. I know what you mean. Every time I call the crisis line they tell me to color too
176006235,"Since I was little, I have struggled with the delusion that toll booths are scanners that are looking for a scar on my hand to identify me, and if they find me I will be arrested. I know it is irrational, and not real. But I still get anxiety going through toll booths unless I cover up my hand. It is a small dumb thing that makes me a thousand times happier. And my delusion doesn’t negatively impact my life in any significant way, so I am not bothering to do the work to get over it."
176006236,What position do you play with playing cricket?
176006237,I am taking my meds. I will tell my psych. Perhaps a med change is needed.
176006238,"Weight gain, hostile, damaging, unsafe, enabling and insensitive community environment. No form of control over ones life, more stability, security, freedom and safety required. Constant tapping in roof and walls. Feelings of no support and constant damage, not understanding why things are so difficult. Distrust of caregivers, neighbours, strangers. Feeling constantly harassed."
176006239,it’s tricky for us. best wishes on it. sounds ambitous.
176006240,You’re just really stressed out. Maybe your meds aren’t as good as they could be.
176006241,"Yeah I called and left a voicemail to the “medication” line. I told them again that I want to be put on vraylar. I could deal with taking both vraylar and abilify, or a mood stabilizer and anti-psychotic. I’m certain I have schizoaffective, but the new psychiatrist thinks my addiction caused my mood issues. I have to convey I have had this illness since the age of fifteen, I’ve dealt with the bipolar symptoms alongside the psychosis and schizophrenia the whole time. It’s why I had been put on so many anti-depressants and all sorts of meds to try and figure out things cuz it’s so complex. I am hoping he will add vraylar in addition to abilify to see if it works. I know I need the Abilify, its the only thing that has helped mask and control the symptoms consistently for 10 or more years. Seroquel was not effective. Geodon was not effective. etc. etc. and I think Lamictal was but im allergic to it."
176006242,_PERSON_
176006243,when I’m having a hard time focusing I take a break and go lie down for awhile. But I guess you can’t do that when you’re working. Maybe you could take a break and go for a walk. Will they let you do that?
174343284,I understand what you are saying but my question is do the meds play a part in creating negative symptoms? If the meds do then we may not have a chance because we have to take the meds for life but otherwise that is if meds don’t contribute to our negatives then we definitely have a chance at beating the negatives.
176006244,I’m so sorry. Are you feeling suicidal?
176006245,Tarot cards told me that disorder and mental illness are imminent. So maybe now it’s the calm before the big storm.
176006246,I sent people away when I got visitors. I don’t like visitors when I’m in the hospital. I am sick then.
176006247,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006248,Nice you spoke to your duty worker! Please keeping talking! No regrets! You aren’t saying too much!
176006249,My brother bought me a high quality frying pan and I use it almost every day and think of him.
176006250,Just getting at my sz from another angle. I am so dependent and am trying to reach my mind to strengthen it. It tends to want to die when I wake up in the morning. This house supports me so I am able to overcome it as the day goes on. But I wish to capture the problem at the start.
176006251,I feel at ease when I curl up for bed. I have a lock on my door too. Recently I haven’t been locking it cos I felt like what if I die and no one checks on me.
176006252,I know but I want to do it… im a evil person i know
176006253,It’s still all the rage in the chronic pain groups I’m in. I use it and it definitely helps. I use it topically.
176006254,"I sometimes do. Mostly if i do something that im ashamed of, or think of a past shameful thing. Like you say. Or during pms. I never try and commit suicide, because i dont believe death is the end of things. Im scared of what comes after. Also, it would hurt my dad and kid horribly, they couldnt bear it. It would be like handing my pain over to them, because i dont want it, which would be unempathic. So i just wait till it passes. It always does. Im currently depressed. It feels horrible, but i can see how it might be useful in integrating bad stuff and changing things in life & self that arent okay."
176006255,I hope you make it
174343278,2mg abilify is like being off meds.
176006256,"I wanted to ask if delusions subside over long period of time, it has been 9 months when I was full blown psychotic and manic, my medication works fine, but stress and anxiety makes me delusional, but i still can understand my thoughts, will over the course the years i improve?"
176006257,I’ve tried all of the major mood stabilizers _AT_MENTION_. They either didn’t work so well or they gave me health issues.
176006258,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ You two are about the same age, _PERSON_ just step here and uhhh … flies away"
176006259,"I try to save but dont. If i know the energy bills due in a few weeks or so tho - ill pay into the account early , so the final balance is reduced, or pay the mobile / internet bill in advance with my monthly “large pay”. I dont save cash in the bank account tho. Theres always some gadget i want that crops up - or a game. I have an ever running shopping list lol."
176006260,hope u feel better buddy.
176006261,Lamictal makes me hypomanic and euphoric.
176006262,Could be but what if the test says I have low iq or something? And its definetly not for my own good why should they dictate how I am gonna live my life?
176006263,When I offend people I see my abusive teacher in me. That’s why I’m so angry.
176006264,"I’ve been 20mg Olanzapine for 20 years. I’ve gained 50 lbs in total which should be mentioned given I exercised a lot. My only other complaint is social anxiety, which can probably be relieved with more meds. But I’d rather be uncomfortable than take more meds."
176006265,"I had permanent dp/dr and it eventually went away 6 years later…then the paranoia and questioning came…thought weird stuff…lol. I dont know i had bad random panic attacks. Never developed to agoraphobia. I have my higher power though… Weird thing is im an excellent driver but barely drive and stay locally. The worst thing i ever had was dissociation called derealization 24/7 and for 5 or more years. I still have a very mild case. Meds, cigs, caffeine all make it worse. I had overstimulation and understimulation. I had acute stress disorder but never got diagnosed with ptsd… I get weird dreams. Before 2011 it feels like i didnt exist, wasnt here, and i lived over a billion different traumatic lives. Like consciousness transfer into different timelines. It is a curse and a gift. Made me think it was aliens or illuminati. But it happened and feels so real like i was actually there living simultaneous lives…"
176006266,"I questioned the universe and our existence when unmedicated. I was trying to put life in sentences and equations that I thought were logic. Others thought I am crazy but didn’t tell me. Until I bursted after a year and a half, my emotions exploded and I was crying, hospitalized by 4 cops."
176006267,to be a genious you need to be constantly working on your craft.
176006268,Sorry if this sounds dumb but is a diamond painting done on a computer?
176006269,compared to tranditional Aps which aim to block the dopamine receptor. isn’t a med that help faster the decomposition of dopamine molecules in brain are more getting to the root of the problem? And more safe?
176006270,Get some help Fill in the form with help you might be able to find a mental health volunteer But to pay for a lawyer would also not be a waste of time.you have to fill in the forms as though you’re unable to dress or feed yourself it’s a disgrace really they want you to put yes I can So they give you the money.when I was psychotic I went out with just the top one no trousers or skirt I couldn’t make myself toast without setting off the alarm after breaking the toaster then nearly set the house on fire with the oven grill It’s that bad it’s most disabled anything you can have almost
176006271,Well at least it’s something you can control then. That’s a good thing.
176006272,"Hello, I’ve been on latuda for about 3 years, and I’ve increased the dosage once as a precaution. How long am I going to be able to squeeze this Latuda for? I’ve been pretty sensitive to medication so this is a worry for me, am I right to worry? I’m sort of getting break through symptoms close to bed time when I take my pill, and I’m worried that I either need to up the dose, or deal with them and maybe add an anxiety medication for when the symptoms distress me, so that I can continue on Latuda for longer."
176006273,"I wonder how many mg of amisulpride can be achieved in remission? i am currently taking 400mg ot but i don’t feel any effect from it. I have been taking this medicine for 4 years. I am also taking lexapro, clonopine, vraylar, too"
176006274,https://www.hardynutritionals.com/article/our-vision/9-about-_NAME_-nutritionals Please see the end part. _NAME_ is not associated with _NAME_ or Truehope anymore.
176006275,Hey sleepy sorry to hear that. Hugs
176006276,I just got back from walking a mile and I feel a heaviness around my legs. The meds I take give me a heavy sensation in my body. Does anyone else have similar symptoms from pch meds.
176006277,No medication for six months
176006278,Here is an article that lists the med I am talking about. https://www.adt-healthcare.com/blog/post/guide-to-safely-withdrawing-benzodiazepines/
176006279,Happy birthday
176006280,"This might be the major problem. Everyone, even NT folks, feel burnt out and exhausted when working more than 40 hours a week. Could you reduce your hours without needing to quit? You might find your job more manageable when you aren’t working double full time hours."
176006281,Who do you think the most attractive celebrity there is out of this whole earth. You can pick a man or a woman.
176006282,Thanks. I’ll keep this in mind.
176006283,"These two supplements definitely try for improving cognition. Additionally if you have bipolar issues I have one more supplement to try its DMG. It greatly improves mood and reduces depression, anxiety etc. It also helps in oxygenating cells thus very useful for workouts and muscle recovery. Its an all rounder supplement with many benefits. I’ll recommend Now Foods DMG brand. These are all self tested so you can guarantee it truly works. DMG716×1500 89 KB DMG back711×1500 122 KB"
176006284,I everyone has a destiny in this world. Everyone is destined to something great. Dont be average please dont be the norm it sucks be something great. I want achieve a physique of bodybuilder while on antipsychotics i will make this dream come true. Sz wont stop me from my dreams and my destiny from this goal.
176006285,"I minimise the time that I socialise. But I don’t feel lonely. I live with my dad. So, I have some company."
176006286,I’ll be moving in a few months and I will miss the birth of my second grandchild. My daughter doesn’t know I’m moving yet. When she finds out she’s going to freak out. I’m dreading her reaction more than anything right now. I’m happy I’m leaving but this does make it bittersweet.
176006287,I’m not physically addicted to alcohol. But I really do crave it sometimes Just cos it really boosts my confidence And I crave having a good time
176006288,Incredible the hostility I’m getting for criticising the simplistic and moralistic “If I can so can you”.
176006289,"Went to town again, they must be able to read thoughts, had a notion to pull in for diesel at this station and a car was waiting there for me, filled up diesel then I seen _NAME_ as I was pulling out driving by, I mean it could be perfect planning either they knew my tank was nearly empty and that I needed disel could have had people posted at both petrol stations, dono hard to explain. Thought I seen him again on the oppposite side of town but didn’t look. Got my phone fixed in this place and there was a woman waiting outside who went in after I left. Also a lot of people waiting beside cars in car park, looked staged, all waiting to get in? Thought I heard he’s not ready yet as I was walking by, maybe about telling for sure it was real. Also seen my murderers car when I was driving in town that black bmw different reg. he was smiling. Didn’t notice anybody down at the grocery store or locally"
176006290,"I often wonder what the purpose of this human life is? To suffer and endure? Sure there are moments of happiness, and I’m not depressed anymore, but it still feels like I am enduring life."
176006291,Congratulations! I hope you enjoy it.
176006292,"I agree it isn’t a good way to live. But I have to be strong to protect my family and loved ones. Not really, I just thought they were there to prescribe medicine and discuss symptoms. I never really talked to them about it. Hmmmm"
176006293,Hi everybody!1516252
176006294,"I have failed many time,really dislike and hate the feeling.Losing in online gaming,failing in things I want to achieve in life."
176006295,Same same oh my words
176006296,Good luck!! Keep your head up and your nose in the books and youll do great!
176006297,"I’m hanging on by a thread. I’m thinking about going to work tomorrow and dreading it. Last week was the worst week I have had so far, the covid understaffing is making things incredibly difficult. I’m at this impasse where I’m like, is this really what I want to do for the rest of my life? Psych is so HEAVY. So horribly painful. And while it does feel like the field I was meant to be in, one I can do a lot of good in, one where I excel, I am really not sure how much I LIKE it. It is exhausting having to remind the same psychotic person who cannot comprehend it anyways 500 times why no they are not going home right this second, they are court ordered to stay. It is exhausting to be screamed and cursed at by people who feel you’re holding them hostage for no good reason. It is lame to have patients you can’t provide the best quality care for because we are so overloaded w patients and paperwork. Exhausting to continuously have to pacify detoxers who are going through severe withdrawal be
cause the damn doctor is giving them 1/6th of the dose of withdrawal med they should be getting. And pacifying pts in general after dealing with our a*hole doctors. Or to have to keep dealing with complaints and struggling to find room changes for the roommates of one person who’s room really should be blocked to roommates but the managers won’t do it because we need the bed even though everyone who gets it refuses it anyways. It is frustrating to not get a break or lunch 80% of the time or have to go with an exploding bladder for hours because there is only one toilet divided between 2 units for staff. (And a lot of the time its out of toilet paper anyways!!) Or being anxious over the next nurse on shift complaining that I left something for them to do when I was scrambling to stay afloat all shift. Or that I will make a mistake like forget to check what doctor a certain patient had and call the wrong one and get scolded. I just dont know what to do. I need a break. I need more than 2 days off a week."
176006298,He keeps using the word USE instead of drink. Most people say they have a caffeine problem. Also no one sniffs their soda.
174343283,Set a timer for 5 minutes. When you hit that 5 minutes you increase the timer to 6 minutes. Keeping adding minutes. That’s how I got from struggling to read a paragraph to reading a novel in an afternoon. Develop powerful habits for keeping busy and they’ll carry you through the rough patches.
176006299,…………………diet starts tomorrow……………………………for reals
176006300,I’m freezing to death. My sister is sitting there in shorts and a tank top and I’m fully dressed and had to go put my robe on because I’m so freezing. I wonder if I’m getting sick or something.
176006301,_AT_MENTION_ _PHONE_NO_
176006302,"Ap can cause agitation, Google it up if you want"
176006303,Nice setup man. I like the mousepad. What case is that and what headset?
176006304,I believe mine are demonic spirits also.
176006305,I think it makes a lot of sense
176006306,Also a little gift to Democrats from my hometown like _PERSON_…
176006307,I drink coffee to stay awake. I do a little bit of stretches and a brisk walk. It gives me enough energy to stay up.
176006308,"Thanks for your reply. I think it would be a good idea to start putting money away for a laptop. I’m supposed to be on medicaid but there was an issue when I tried to renew it last year that I’m still working with medicaid employees to try to figure out. I submitted an application online (my failed attempt at renewal was through the mail), like I was instructed to, but it’s been a few months since then and nothing. Hmm. I could devote the rest of this week to really getting to the bottom of this issue."
176006309,Thank you… I draw squares on the original photos like a grid Then i draw the same grid on my paper Then i looked at the grid on photo and draw the same in each square of my grid Hope I’m making more sense
176006310,Dangerous insanity disaster
176006311,Do genes play such an important role in developing depression?
176006312,What’s with these med names? I have mild ideas/ delusions of reference that was sparked when I was prescribed Depakote. I have a tattoo of _NAME_ on my arm from a movie he did. I have ‘_PERSON_’ on my arm with ‘a coat’ of ink.
176006313,Free schooling is a huge plus since I want to pursue a career…
176006314,"I had a delusion I had or have aspergers or maybe even schizotypal autism, a condition for geniuses. Only 1000 people on the planet have it and the worlds smartest people have it. It’s a delusion though. My IQ was originally 140 I think. The people that have it are like 180+. It makes me feel like a narcissist or something… I think schizotypal aspergers/autism is a man made condition. It is only recognized in eastern Europe. I had a delusion I have aspergers or even gave it to myself to be smarter or had it cured… I solved the riemann hypothesis in a past life using a time machine. I think it’s a causal loop/bootstrap type of thing. I probably wasn’t the first. Ran a simulation too. Genetic engineering? I think I have adhd but people doubt it or dont believe me… Am I a fake?"
176006315,Not really. I have no plans and I ran out of oil in my vape cartridge. I’m not allowed to go out to the vape store though cause my dad doesn’t like it. Yesterday I babysat my nephew during his kindergarten day. It was a very full day. Today is just gonna be blah I think.
176006316,"When dla went over to pip around 5 years ago in the uk, 25% of claimants were cut off. It was never on the news and no one ever heard a thing about it."
176006317,"Welcome to the forum, _PERSON_! I’ve recently ordered a ton of L-theanine. I’ve been taking it a while. I haven’t noticed much of an effect on my mind, but that could be because I have been dogged by anxiety for so long that it will take a while to alleviate that. The L-theanine does seem to be loosening me up, physically. I swear, it’s not my imagination. I can feel it. This might be something very beneficial for me because I am getting to the age when arthritis sets in."
176006318,But it doesn’t look _USER_ID_
176006319,Education. I was a teacher.
176006320,watch you dont OD on it lol
176006321,"It’s okay. I try to spend time studying. If I’m not doing that, I’m listening to music or smoking or both or sleeping. When lockdown isn’t on, I’m very active in that I am constantly on the go between the local library, university library and town centre. Bus and train journeys are therapeutic."
176006322,Maybe a 5 on most days. I feel harassed by the voices constantly. I’m on seroquel but it doesn’t help for that long after I take it. I wish I could have more quite time without this illness. I feel like I’m battling control of my mind but when I realize this not real I feel I’m back in a better place.
176006323,Well I sent the first draft to the publisher for review. I told her I want to go through it and add some more detail and wrap up the ending a little better but she said in a few days she would send me a proposal. Curious to see what this will cost. I have obviously never done this before.
174343290,_PERSON_ thoughts spell check
176006324,The kids got me this Scrabble Dictionary for my birthday. I love it…so useful when we play!
176006325,"I never took a computer science class, but it’s just probability. A complex password like a phrase with some special characters would take really long to crack like the age of the universe…My mind goes places. Sometimes, I feel I over think things like in high school, I watched hacking videos and people would just hack for fun and do social engineering and stuff. I even heard stuff about picking up keyboard sounds from outside the house at hacking conventions. I don’t know."
176006326,Go to the ER if you are suicidal
176006327,I actually got sleep. My kids popped by to take out the garbage. Watching “Heartland”.
176006328,we dont have lock down anymore here in Greece total deaths 170. and bars and restaurants are opening this Monday.
176006329,Integration for one alter makes no sense. All of The alters ceasing to love me is a horrible thought but still no cause 1. It’s astronomically unlikely and 2. Theyre still their own people who deserve to live. Also that just a really ?????? question dude it literally sounds like “would you kill your family if you thought they didn’t love you anymore.” And as for “me” “living” instead of “them” that’s literally not how anything works. Like we literally coexist like there’s no threat of death for us just Because we exist. Like we share. nobody is in danger. Like why are you so into integration?
174343298,What the heck all the previous research I’ve seen on this has shown stimulants exacerbate psychosis. However armodafinil improves my psychosis greatly and I noticed while it is active I do not get symptoms at all. My doctor and I think it is due to my psychosis being related to a sleep disorder rather than being pure schizoaffective. (I am also diagnosed with narcolepsy)
174343303,"Its said to help with anxiety, but zyprexa isnt an anxiety med? For me its not."
176006330,"you are sounding delusional to me, both of you…you should be open and honest with your psychiatrist and see if they can adjust your meds. it doesn’t have to be this way."
176006331,How long did it take to relapse? I’m reading a month is typical but I’ve been off of them a month and so far mostly good besides anxiety.
176006332,No Yes 0 voters I don’t. I tend to isolate because people stress me out.
176006333,"I know no one here is a “professional” but I’m certain that I had a bad reaction to medication and I’m frustrated. Two days ago I called the crisis line and told them Prozac was giving me suicidal thoughts and messing with my mood. The lady told me not to take anymore Prozac if it was making me suicidal, and that she would email my psychiatrist so that he would call me and tell me whether or not to continue taking it, but not to take it until then. So I got even worse when I withdrew from it. Now It’s out of my system, I feel clear-headed amazingly relieved. But everyone around me acted like it was helping. I think its because it lifted my mood/mania gave the perception that I was happy. If that makes any sense. But I dont know. I just know I feel relieved and I dont want to ever take it again. So I’m thinking at 8:30 am I’m going to call to get a different telehealth psychiatrist at a private practice instead of state-funded practice. They also accept medicaid I am pretty sure and te
ll them I’m not having a good experience with my current situation. I called in crisis, the psychiatrist wont call me until my scheduled appointment on May 10th, after my SSI hearing, after I’ve withdrawn from Prozac, with no idea of what to do. Tried therapists online but they cant tell me anything cuz they aren’t seeing me in person. It’s very frustrating…but I think there’s something wrong with him not even calling me, keeping things so short on the phone. I could file a grievance too. I’m considering it. At least so they know its upsetting to go through that. I got really really ill, and that’s not my fault. It was making me suicidal, I called and asked what to do and the psychiatrist never bothered to call me back."
176006334,"Glassjaw, among others:"
176006335,They might do surf the net
176006336,"Try to think, that the others are not attacking you… it’s not probably true… or if there were some, dont feel bad about this, we were all attacked here in a way… Thanks for answering me though… maybe this pain can stop one day… take your meds too, me I take mine too, they can help us sooner or later"
176006337,"I’m not sure, yet. Probably scrambled eggs lol"
176006338,Do you ever feel out of body and mind completely like someone else has taken over you and you are viewing yourself in 3rd person? Is there a better way to stay within yourself?
176006339,"Oh, I didn’t know about that. I can ask."
174343294,"I may think that they are “supernatural” beings who have vacuum or homogenous matter inside body, but certainly not organs, digestive tract. I think that need of defecation, urination, flatulence is the result of sin and in the world without sin they would be not present, people would not have physiological needs, their bodies would function supernaturally. When I was about 17,5 years old, I had delusion that I am God for a moment. It was very bad and really crazy. About being 15 - 16 I discovered solipsism, when I did not know this term yet. Solipsistic and egotheist thoughts are very kooky and pathological, they are more bizarre than suicidal thoughts (and someone who has them may be looked as more mentally “ill” than someone who hears voices saying that you should kill yourself or has thoughts about committing suicide). They are also evil and sinful when are accepted, volitional beliefs. Ideas of egotheism and solipsism are a sort of peculiar temptations. I read about a woman with schizo
phrenia who had solipsism-like ideas or thoughts in childhood, when she was young. She also wrote about having magical OCD (which I also had when was about 12 - 15)."
176006341,Closed per OP’s request.
176006342,"Basically I am afraid that wat if I relapse and then have to go on a higher dose, I’m afraid of this kind of stuff. But if I come off I will feel alive again, can jog and move at ease. Feel free to comment, any suggestions is welcome Come off Don’t come off 0 voters PS I am diagnosed psychosis with depression, not Sz."
176006343,"Hey, what would plants do without us contributing to their groundwork?"
176006344,I’ll file that away somewhere in the dark recesses of my mind and maybe use it in a month or two.
176006345,"I was one of 3 nonwhite people at my college, and I’m so light skinned almost nobody knew it. I went to a pretty white high school, too. Once I got into work though, I worked primarily with immigrants from many different countries. I would say there were maybe 5 employees at my work who were totally white. I learned a ton about other cultures, including more about Syrian culture. It was neat to find out more about my heritage. I also had to see firsthand how racist our boss was to some of the employees. It was very eye-opening for me. I had to deal with racism post-9/11 because people already knew I was Arab in my school. But once I graduated and moved away, nobody on the street would harass me because I mostly look white. I sort of developed the notion that racism was mostly a high school bullying thing that everyone grows out of. Talking to my younger sibling recently I realized some of the stories we thought were funny in school were actually pretty bad. Like the time he went out jogging and g
ot stopped by a helicopter and slammed into the ground by officers because they thought he was breaking into houses. Or the time his overnight camp mates made him sleep outside instead of letting him in the bunks. At the time he laughed about those stories and chalked it up to weird misunderstandings. Looking back on them as adults, we realize how much different our experiences are just because he is a few shades darker than I am, and has more distinctly Arab features."
176006346,"You’re not ready to try hard enough … I think. People don’t want to leave a kid behind… Take it with SOME grains of salt but me for one, was arrogant. And I didn’t see myself clearly. I developed grandeur which bothers people in real life. Balance is key to happiness! Think of planes in the air… it’s less turbulent to sit in the middle of the fuselage because it’s the nose, and tail that move more. A colleague illustrated this to me with a Bic pen. The middle is a point or focal point that keeps itself in more of a stable spot! This is abstract but it saved me."
174343296,Hey. I used glucinogenes and opiates and alcohol with amphetas and canabinol. I was in the AA program. This is a cool program. I’m 7 years sober. The disease was diagnosed 4 years ago. I am sure that my lifestyle greatly influenced the disease.
176006347,Your not the only person… creativity is gone and passion I used to have… I’ve lost it…
176006348,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ , I appreciate it"
176006349,"I’m worried because I’m already in a bad situation, and some of the side effects seem debilitating and/or highly unpleasant. I also just lost a bunch of weight, and a lot of these meds seem to have weight gain as a side effect."
176006350,I want to live to about ten years before forever.
176006351,What do you mean?
176006352,The hospital here is even worse. So many people had to be rushed to the city hospitals because they misdiagnosed. My ex husband’s great niece went to the hospital with severe abdominal pain. They gave her some maalox and sent her home but the parents drove to the city. Her appendix was just on the edge of bursting. They were told 30 min more and she likely would have died. There are stories like this all the time
176006353,What about being a psychologist?
176006354,"When I was menstruating I had to use tampons and maxi’s because of such a heavy flow, I would definitely be interested in trying the cup if I were still bleeding."
176006355,"Well if he gets in trouble and doesn’t just get a warning, hopefully it’ll wake him up"
176006356,good luck _AT_MENTION_ =) i hope you get it sorted out
176006357,"_AT_MENTION_ what is it about that song, that chokes you up? Is there an association with that song, or you simply find it heartwarming?"
176006358,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ 15
176006359,Have you ever been to a detox? I don’t know how bad your dependency is atm.
176006360,"I was on 3mg of Haldol for 4 days and it was an awful experience. It gave me overwhelming anxiety, I felt sedated, and I also developed tremors and my akathisia worsened. I hear it works for a lot of people but it was not the one for me."
176006361,“I want to kill myself” is most common to me. that and “how much are you worth?”
176006362,Suicidal. Really bad for the past few days. The bridge. Please give me the numbers.
176006363,"In the US yoy need to be over 16 to get the vaccine. They haven’t approved it for children yet as far as I know. Starlet wants to get it, but can’t just yet."
174343300,"I have read that citicoline has a neuroprotective and neuroregenerative effect following stroke in mice. So I decided to try it, along with the coenzyme q10 for my glaucoma. In just six months I had a significant increase in nerve fibers. In the meantime I felt much more motivated to act and the general picture also improved. Do any of you have news?"
176006364,I have to say. I am becoming fond of this user base or community forum. It’s pleasant.
176006365,Also I remember you said you vape maybe that’s causing tiredness? Maybe not but I smoke a lot and it definitely doesn’t help me!!
176006366,"What you wrote is offensive to people that struggle with those issues. To be honest you sound dumb. I am not saying you are dumb, but you sound like it."
176006367,_AT_MENTION_ try to remain calm and breathe slow deep breath’s then hold them in a few seconds then release them slowly to release the stress you are having. Next step is to call you P’Doc and let them know whats going on as well. It will get better I promise as best as I can _AT_MENTION_ .
176006368,It makes you like real restless theres a side effect on that medication I would only describe as dread. Like taking it makes you feel like their pulling your face off your forehead and that period of my life was the most balanced as far as delusions but also the most torturous I couldn’t sit still and the effect on that medicine was not something people should be using as a first line treatment. It is great for weight but take it sometime. The sense of dread for me was so bad it was like someone was peeling the flesh in my forehead so I would go to bed every night that way and just cower under the covers and during the day i would pace like all day and I looked like a freak but in actually I was more mentally secure on that med
176006369,"Seriously, are you okay?"
176006370,Say hi to him from me. I wonder with me whether the saying “It’s hard to teach an old dog new tricks” applies. I do think the earlier you get appropriate help the more you’re going to see improvements .
176006371,weight gain won’t kill you I’ve seen millions of obese people live and get to tell the tales of loosing weight and surviving for the moment that crisis. Please try and keep working towards weight loss. Oh and we are here for you if you need us.
176006372,Having a high IQ has no value isolated. I don’t know my IQ now. I tested myself twice before and got 129 and 111. I don’t care much to know what it is now. It doesen’t matter to me. My goal is to live a happy life and the only requirement is to know how to be joyfull and what it takes to get in such a state of mind.
176006373,"If I take speed, i am going to be awake all night. Now you are not taking recreational drugs then caffeine is going to feel like a replacement. Perhaps it makes you more sensitive to it. What harm does it do to give it rest for a day or two and see if it helps?"
174343306,"Update: Hi guys, so i took amisulpride 50-100mg(50mg for 4 days and then 100mg for 3 days) for 1 week. And within a week prolactin shot up to 45ng/ml (2-17). Last year when i tried the same med for 1 week(50mg for 4 days and then 100mg for 3 days), it shot up to 53 ng/ml (2-17) So it fluctuates in 50s. I’m stopping amisulpride for now. I can’t accept its long term side effects. Any suggestions ?"
176006374,"I got to choose my own diagnosis. I got a list of about 50 different ones, and I was like “unspecified psychosis sounds pretty cool” and the doc went: “you got it pal” jk"
176006375,I feel like this too… not just with family but with friends. Maybe it’s not the case. Maybe your family doesn’t feel like you are a burden. When I talk about it they say I’m not and it’s just in my head. Maybe you should tell your mom how you feel…
176006376,Cognitive deterioration really can’t be expected to be treated by a psychologist because it’s a much deeper issue than simply a person thinking. You could objectively take the counsellor’ words and maybe value yourself more because it may be so that they have seen you aren’t valuing yourself enough?
176006377,If you can’t think of anything then there is nothing to worry about as there is nothing you can do. Doing what you think is right might be the slip-up and vice-versa. So I wouldn’t worry about your actions. You’re a good person so whatever pain you may experience here is only temporary. So keep that in mind when you’re struggling.
176006378,"It’s 7:30am, and I just got up. Just checked my blood sugar, weighed myself, and took my meds. I had a diabetic meal replacement shake for breakfast. I don’t have anything planned for today. Just waiting for my arthritis to stop hurting."
176006379,"I’ve posted my article on the MD community group. Someone has replied, “Psychosis is dangerous. If they take their medication, I could give them a chance. If they don’t, then I won’t.” So okay, so I’m not accepted anywhere because I’m mentally ill. Ok. Not a single place on this earth is safe. Not even one."
176006380,"Im on haldol and i dont experience any side effects, besides some ticks and sudden muscle movements. I also read that it should be hard on sexual functions, but i did not notice anything changing. What is your experience with it?"
176006381,Just turned 32. I have no problem with getting older anymore. I kinda like it better than when I was growing up.
176006382,"It was rape. You knew and made clear you didnt want to. He knew it. Sorry that happened to you. In our country you can press charges or you can just tell things to the police and they make a note. They dont do anything, but if he ever does something like that again they have the information."
176006383,Well it’s still ongoing the past week I havent had control of my speech or thought and theyve been raping me so much I lost count. It’s in the thousands though. I think that in order to get my basic god given rights back I may have to fight back. I’m on the verge of doing just that.
176006384,"That is awful man. I hate screwing up sleep patterns. I might over sleep an hour, but that is all. I force myself to get up. I hate sleep depriving myself to get back on track. Why not go without caffeine instead and do it over a couple of days?"
176006385,I’d love to get a dexamphetamine script but my psych won’t do it for obvious reasons haha.
176006386,Alogy is when you have poor talking skills? When you have nothing to say? When you try to think but there’s a void in your mind? Then I have it.
176006387,I keep feeling like my heart will explode. Is that a delusion?
176006388,"Well, I, for one, will always respond to being called “wonderful” so here goes. Glad you have been doing so well and fully employed. That’s beyond wonderful, that’s stupendous. _PERSON_. And keep us posted every now and then."
176006389,"I think I’m medium functioning as well. I work on the farm but I only do the absolute necessary jobs, the basics. There so much more work I should be doing I just don’t have the motivation, it’s not my negatives as such I don’t think, I keep thinking of the brother taking half the land and it further demotivtaes me. As chores around the house go, I light a fire once in a while but my mom does most of them. I would do them only I don’t get a chance to becuase she always has them done."
174343305,"They also sell us bullcrap about how one hemisphere specializes in math and another one in music. Yet people having had one brain hemisphere removed, somehow are still able to process both."
176006390,That’s understandable that it would scare you. I really do believe you’ll be safe though!!
176006391,Haldol blocks dopamine thus addiction reduced.
176006392,Damn straight there is !
174343313,"So I was reading this article https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5503102/ , and from what they show on there, the control group versus someone with schizophrenia had more gut “bacteroidetes”, and “actinobacteria”, so I did some looking on the Google and found the following - Become a hard-core herbivore. Bacteroidetes feed on fiber and resistant starches—a.k.a. vegetables. Studies have found that eating a vegetarian or plant-rich Mediterranean diet increases bacteroidetes and reduces firmicutes, while a typical meat-heavy Western diet does the opposite. So sample widely from the salad bar: One review of more than 50 studies found that eating an additional 14 grams of fiber per day was associated with a loss of about four pounds in just under four months. Raise your intake of beans . Beans are among the very best foods to raise your Bacteroidetes.(7) If you can’t digest beans, that’s likely a sign that you have too few Bacteroidetes. But rather than avoid beans completely, st
udies(8) have shown that if you add beans into your diet slowly, and stick with them, the symptoms will go away. To train your bacteria to digest beans well, I encourage you to add just 1 tablespoon of pinto beans daily to the evening meal for two weeks. After two weeks, most people are able to digest more typical amounts. actinobacteria - ehhh didn’t find anything on how to get more of this one going in the gut, but I am going to give the bean thing a go and try eating more veggies."
176006393,"Could be both, narcissist have to have attention, if they lose it, they tend to be psychotic, I wonder about that. Not saying all schizophrenics are narcissist also, but I wonder about my own case of it"
176006394,"IMO you should consider game dev. The hardest part of it is making artwork, and you seem to have a knack for it."
176006395,"_AT_MENTION_ I know, right? IOP wanted my husband to take my phone away from me everyday, but we both disagreed. I’m with two toddlers, and I need it if I need to get a hold of someone! But the emails do need to stop, so I am hoping I think of another way! Please share any suggestions!"
176006396,"I like you _AT_MENTION_ , you have opinions and you shouldn’t change them because of negativity from your own brain. Our brains are our worse enemies. They trick us into believing things about ourselves and even others that are false"
176006397,Trigger. WARNING. BLoody horror MGMT - Kids (Video with Fire Intro)
176006398,It’s typical OCD behavior.
176006399,"This really is not the case. In the UK there are 650,000 estimated schzios which is 1% of the population. There are 18,000 beds for everybody, not just schizos. If we are really that scary, don’t you think there would be killings all the time? We’re talking a handful of extreme cases. Just because you read some ???? on the family forum, doesn’t suddenly make us a bunch of scary people."
176006400,"51 orbits around the sun, 28 in AA years, and 12 years old mentally."
176006401,"Well done, Mr squirrel! Here’s to another 29 years!"
176006402,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006403,i resent everyone for not liking me but how can they when I don’t like myself. so that is the problem
176006404,"_AT_MENTION_ , I’ve thought further about your last post to me. I think plenty of people on this forum understand me or they wouldn’t answer as they do. Sometimes it’s work to understand others. It is smarter to say you don’t understand than to get critical and leave without comment. Will you give an example of my being cryptic so I can know more what you mean?"
176006405,The genius is back. You’re absolutely a genius.
176006406,Yes. I feel really bad when I am with people that I don’t know so much. I feel like they were judging me all the time.
176006407,"You do have value, you just can’t see it right now. It’ll take time and effort but I know some day you’ll realize you do have worth"
176006408,_AT_MENTION_ did you ever get a sponge bath/shower/bath?
176006409,I can only speak from experience. I threatened to come off my depot. I was of sound mind at that time. They Instsntly said they would be applying for a mental health tribunal and CTO
174343320,"But now I can’t hangout with friends or work and I am overweight. There’s little in me that she would like. I can try when I am on Vraylar after having lost weight and got my friends back (I just speak to them online for now but I hung out with them while I was on Abilify). Anyways my cousin told me my apt will be in October. Its full until then, she’ll book it for me tomorrow."
176006410,"I’m glad you had a good session, sounds like you’re really doing some good work in there."
174343311,Better blood flow and minimal anxiety helps with my negatives.
176006411,"When I was infatuated with a guy, I was very productive. But I did it all for him. Now, I have no guy and, along with it, little motivation. I need to consider that working for myself is ok, or working for God."
176006412,I’ve always thought it interesting that there’s a connectiom between psychosis and concrete thinking (e.g. not understanding wordplays). It’s like the abstract world stops being entirely abstract.
176006413,"the fbi are not tracking you, why would they be? you are safe, my friend"
176006414,I see. My doctor told me to take it every day but I’m not really seeing the effects. It makes me less stiff but it doesn’t really do much. I still get stiff… Does your doctor communicate with you well? My geneticist doesn’t really do much.
176006415,"There’s always something Out of your control To worry about, So worry always wins."
176006416,"International Highlife – 30 Oct 19 Cannabotech Is Combining Mushrooms with Cannabis to Treat Illnesses Medicinal mushrooms combined with cannabis may sound like a formula dreamed up potheads, it is actually a unique product offered by Cannabotech"
176006417,I feel nothing though
176006418,2 decades of ??????? patience.
176006419,"There was a shortage last year, but I think it got resolved. Maybe this is what they are referencing."
174343318,Which increases dopamine? Invega or Abilify? What are the dopamine difference?
176006420,"I would wish it entirely on my enemies - and laugh while they suffer like i do. Then they wont be so quick to take the piss, and call me “schizo” and assume im thick or violent. I would love myself a bit of retribution."
176006421,During the 2yrs before I got psychosis I felt like I was living in a dream but that slowly got worse and I was slowly losing touch with reality until I had full psychosis and was hospitalized.
174343317,"Uh, maybe “evilkid” ?"
176006422,Not to mention all the cartel and gang wars
176006423,"_AT_MENTION_, I think the logical side of your brain is battling the creative side of your brain. I know you are a very creative cat, so it can be tough. But with meds, logic will win the day…at least it always has in my case."
176006424,Yes these are correct.
176006425,I would assume they have to be confidential so probably no need to worry. They must see people with all sorts of issues
176006426,"_AT_MENTION_ I was not attacking you. I was replying to something that was deleted. That’s one of the problems with monitoring speech in a forum. You are right on on what you said about some voices, they like to dominate and screw with people."
176006427,"You already made up your mind. I will never take the risk because what if something goes wrong during another psychotic episode and I end up being arrested? If medications aren’t giving you much side effects, why bother going off of them?"
176006428,Volunteer work I got two admin volunteer jobs I been there for years I get some social contact and Christmas parties however I can’t always enjoy these social things because of schiz
176006429,My voice told me what was gonna be on the tv in 5 second delays
176006430,"It’s when you can’t look at the paper while you’re drawing an object. Pretty difficult, but good for hand eye coordination practice."
176006431,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006432,"What’s up, _PERSON_? Everything ok?"
176006433,"Don’t have personal experience of paranoia or delusion anyway I think the best way to deal with any obsession whether its anxiety, OCD, delusion is to bring to mind the fact that its not practical to live with such weird obsessions, delusions etc and since nothing can be done regarding it, ignore it or put off that thought soon after get it. Even if not able to put off that thought no problem. Next way is to live with that delusion, voice etc let it play there just like birds making sound, vehicle sound etc simply not pay attention to it and focus on more important things in life. Antipsychotic, antidepressant, benzodiazepines etc helps to numb your mind so that you no longer able to process such thoughts but it carry several side effects like memory problems, sexual problems etc. Anyway better way to deal and also the permanent fix is always the above said strategy."
176006434,Its possible that a virus created the first case of sz and then bad genes just got spread without the virus. I really believe this bcz how did genes go bad without a virus? Viruses can change genes for the worse or for the better. _PERSON_ etc
176006435,"I am Catholic as well, but that was just how I was raised. In no way do I practise. The problem with it is I believe these things need to be understood, but they’re history, and things have moved on. In particular, I dislike their views on gay people, and it makes me feel sorry for them that they still can have this prejudice when they claim to be forgiving etc. It doesn’t help the situation"
176006436,My parents and brothers loved me more than my gf who left me bcz I couldn’t work. If I was a girl it would have been ok to not work. That’s society.
176006437,"I don’t have any choice but to trust my own judgement, but I’ve made some pretty bad decisions that I have regretted."
176006438,I know I’m not the best member here and I know I can be stupid. But I’m really struggling with my course. Just concentration and lack of enjoyment and I’m not sure I can see it through. I’m waiting for my mum to come home from work tonight so I can ask her advice but I don’t know what to do. I’m training to be a dog groomer but just really struggling.
176006439,i love music and listen and practice music often. but it’s like – that’s it. nothing else to enjoy much besides family and such. i loved it when i was a skinny kid. i felt so good in my own skin. now… weighty. _NAME_
176006440,"That’s really interesting, especially since Olanzapine is my antipsychotic!"
176006441,It’s time for my shot. Sorry people if i upset you
176006442,"Try Tulsi tea it helps to reduce OCD, anxiety, anger bursts etc. Its just like regular tea but without any caffeine. It helps to think clearly."
176006443,_AT_MENTION_._PERSON_ Why does ketamine leave you couch locked? Did you receive it by iv? How many treatments did you receive?
176006444,Not going to the hospital soon enough before my son died.
176006445,"I’m sure you’re safe here, many of us recognise ourselves in your struggles."
176006446,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006447,A victory at the Battle of the Bulge. _PERSON_.
176006448,Not bad. Keep at it - I can tell you will be great at it. Get to know the “Pen Tool”
176006449,4243F3A5-A525-4DDD-BE1C-E8249258FE0F.jpeg 3024×4032 1.89 MB Third painting. Don’t judge me too harshly pl0x. (Not an original. Copied off google) Fourth painting: E1054B41-F31D-4A70-A9A0-02CFF16DF9D7.jpeg 3024×4032 1.35 MB Painting is very humbling. But its a ton of fun. Very ‘zen’.
176006450,"Very nice, love the colours."
176006451,"Like being slightly more impulsive, slightly less smart, slightly hypersexual etc"
176006452,Hi everyone new member here. Wanted to know how I can change my profile picture.
174343325,"20191001_084355.jpg 1080×683 260 KB Do you understand, even in portuguese? Potenciacy, extrapiramidal effects, sedation and hipotension. _NAME_ = high Baixa = low I always have scare of expiramidal effects cause a i have them with abilify. Imagine if a took haldol. I don’t want to imagine."
176006453,"_AT_MENTION_, what do you mean by his mind was punishment?"
174343323,"What do you think a bunch of people yelling at a person, constantly putting her down, commenting on her thoughts, and using sleep deprivation as a weapon does to her ability to think? (I am a man. I’m using today’s grammar). You better believe you’ll turn dumb or dumb looking."
176006454,I get this sometimes as well. Pretty normal stuff if you ask me. It’s when that one thought dominates every second of your day that you have to be careful.
176006455,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_
176006456,"May the journey be easier than expected, all the best, very admirable"
176006457,I’m constanty on the move taking care of my puppy. I average 8000 to 10000 steps daily now. Lost 4 more pounds.
176006458,I recently started getting the odd one or two time voices when you’re drifting off to sleep. One time it said ‘thingy’. And I am bothered by that but I guess it was just me obsessing over the size of my … well… penis. Lololol!!
176006459,"well done _AT_MENTION_ . I love dogs, I jog at my local park & the best bit is always watching all the dogs. Today I’ve been productive…got up early & did a high intensity 10km hike, wrote a job application, watered the plants, grocery shopped, showered, made a salad."
176006460,I really like my med combo and I just added a new one for anxiety and sleep hopefully it dont make me gain weight lol I plan on not changing these meds ever by the way what’s the longest you all been on a med combo.
176006461,I’m not on a diet right now…how many chicken nuggets should I eat?
176006462,No I don’t believe it’s anything other than my whacky brain chemistry. But it’s getting annoying though… Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176006463,Welcome back _AT_MENTION_
176006464,Hanging out with my friends makes me happy.
174343328,"PubMed _NAME_-Analysis of Cognitive Performance in Neurodevelopmental Disorders During... Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and schizophrenia are neurodevelopmental disorders which show substantial cognitive heterogeneity in adulthood, yet it remains unclear whether cognitive profiles may overlap across these diagnoses. Thus, the aim of this..."
176006465,What do I need to do to lose weight?
174343326,"When you get these hypersexual, uncontrollable addictions like impulsive spending etc the mood can almost appear like this guy but unaware of it at that time."
176006466,Definitely _AT_MENTION_ getting something like a hobby or learning something could bring down the boredom and frustration
176006467,What is a CPN ?
176006468,Be specific please about any challenges you make
176006469,"Based on what actually meets the eye, I’d say in probability the rest is bad too."
176006470,"I watch TV critically but it seems to be a source of growth, for me anyway. There currently are a few bad commercials for many of us. The actress turns aside from the commercial and stares into the camera, for no apparent reason. I see this as harmful, and causing this form of delusion which you mention, for many other people as well. We must resist. See if you recognize these insidious commercials, and call them out."
176006471,"Hurting people because i want to? no, self defence? yes. It comes with the paranoia I dont think too much about people dying. Why worry about the possibility when it’s always in play. I’d go grey with worry."
176006472,I agree. Akathisia is the worst thing in the world.
176006473,PubMed The Impact of Antipsychotic Formulations on Time to Medication... Time to discontinuation differed considerably between formulations. The duration of recent antipsychotic use was a strong predictor of time to discontinuation. While oral-daily formulations had the longest time to discontinuation in the long-term... not much is known about discontinuation rates with oral-weekly formulations. Such a formulation of penfluridol is available in both the Netherlands and several other countries. A once a week pill ? That’s a new one on me…
176006474,Sometimes I click on a post and it starts downloading. Why?
176006475,"Every month, half an hour"
176006476,"Thanks, im on my way to get better. Just bad today… And _AT_MENTION_ i know what you think, sometimes it would be better to stay in a nice, warm and cosy institution, but locked ward is not such"
176006477,"_AT_MENTION_, that sounds so awful. I couldn’t handle that."
174343331,Sounds like a bit of both. Schizophrenia and possibly OCD. But ask your doctor _AT_MENTION_
176006478,Most likely a product of your imagination. Don’t you have a carbon monoxide detector in your home?
176006479,Mine is also going to prison. Locked up in the supermax prison colorado in solitary confinement for the rest of my life. God what a horrible experience that must be. I know these people did horrible crimes to put them there but this seems so inhumane.
176006480,Patiently and painstakingly nursing an overstuffed stomach because I was told that’s where babies come from. It was only months ago that I realized I had believed it - long after I “knew better”.
176006481,Parenting. That’s about it.
176006482,If I feel episode coming on I do either one of two things - I write in my journal or talk about it to and hug my husband. When I heard voices today he comforted me and rubbed my back till I couldn’t hear Alien anymore
176006483,they might as well punch that needle through my skull… or no. they cant
176006484,"PubMed Disentangling Cognitive Heterogeneity in Psychotic Spectrum Disorders - PubMed Neuropsychological impairments represent a central feature of psychosis-spectrum disorders. It is characterized by a great both within- and between-subjects variability (i.e. cognitive heterogeneity), which needs to be better disentangled. The... Digit symbol coding is definitely something I don’t do well at . http://www.testmybrain.org/tests/DigSymbCoding/DSC.html"
176006485,"I remember a story of a magic land. This land held uncountable natural hot springs, each one with its own magic gift. The spirits there would allow the visitor choice of spring, and depending on your choice, a curse or a blessing would befall you, Unknown until after you bathe. Fanciful intricately luxury springs would draw crowds only to curse them with poverty. the humble spring in a quiet secluded area may increase your lifespan, should one meditate under it. Others trickier. On day a boy unknowingly bathed in a rare pool that changed who he was, inside and out, it gave him life experiences that he would of never had, had he not bathed in that pool. Wonderful and terrifying experiences. They made him strong, and kind, but brash and foolhearty. He lived this blessed and cursed life for many years until he grew tired, and old. But the curse wouldn’t leave him. Left him immortal. He watched his world fall around him, his world change, and he sought out the springs once more, to try to bathe again 
and try to break the springs power, but he forgot where it was. Time and time again he searches for that spring, taking on new blessings and curses, every day a new magic spring takes hold, and sends him on adventures. While he slowly searches for his one lost spring to cure his ailments -Someday he may find his cure, but until then he’s still just trying springs… I’m wishing you well tukey"
176006486,"I get like this many times. But I just eventually come back to the conclusion that before I was medicated I was very reckless and got in a lot of trouble and ever since I’ve been medicated, I’ve been staying out of trouble."
176006487,"If you are feeling suicidal, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a suicide prevention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. International suicide hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html http://www.suicidestop.com/suicide_prevention_chat_online.html Suicide hotlines in the U.S.: https://afsp.org/find-support/ https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line is the free, 24/7, confidential text message service for people in crisis. Text HOME to 741741 in the United States. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176006488,"As for lucifier i will tell you something of the nature of evil. It is something very common place evil. It is not as they would say killing and such. No true evil is so common place that you wouldn’t even recognize it. True evil is the old lady, the nature of evil. An old lady may be the most evil ever, but everyone thinks they are great. This is what I mean. It is what is in the mind, they may look harmless but actually not. True evil is so grotesque and inferior and weak I agree though my dealings with lucifer he has not been unpleasant, he may be a victim, but he has fully the nature of evil in him"
176006489,I really liked it. Good job.
176006490,"Check these Avoid all caffeine beverages like coffee, tea etc. Avoid day naps fully. Avoid supplements which can cause insomnia like omega 3, nac, sarcosine, tmg, dmg etc Take supplements which can improve sleep like phosphatidylserine preferably around 5 PM. Sunflower version is better than soy version for getting deep sleep."
176006491,The meds are the only thing that can help you get better
176006492,I spent years actually destructive and hurtful…that was before I was diagnosed. Since I’ve changed my behavior completely with the help of meds. I feel like they trust me more with every month that goes by.
176006493,yeah i know. its just a thought for you to ponder. many people go down the simulation rabbit hole.
176006494,Thank you. That might have been one of the reasons I didn’t think better.
176006495,Zombie. My delusion was that the voices were a group of illuminati stuck in my psychic grid. Sometimes I hear “illuminati zombie”. It was pretty interesting until I thought they were going to kill me.
176006496,"The Strokes are important for 2000’s rock like the Hives, or Modest Mouse. The Strokes are important for modern rock at present since punk broke into the mainstream in the 1990’s."
176006497,Love to you and your grandma and mum
176006498,"Its exactly the same in Canada dude. If a crime was committed, it’s either assumed to be by someone black or mentally ill."
176006499,probably depends where the flabs is if its on your arms you can probably add some muscle to tighten it up but on stomach it would be hard without going under the knife =/ maby do crunches or planks to try to tighten things up. thats the only thing i can recommend.
176006500,"I like Italian food, like lasangnia and pizza. I like Dr. _PERSON_ as well. I also like sweat tea at a restaurant called Bahama Breeze. They put sugar cane in it instead of regular sugar."
176006501,I pray you let me be leave me alone and never come back you are not inside my heart I hope you will part and leave me forever.
176006502,Yeah it freaks me out too I also get this tingling in my head does anyone else get that I really feel it’s something serious because if I close my eyes long enough while laying down my brain will completely go into dementia mode and I will start thinking sentences that don’t make sense and stuff like that when I wake up I’m really out of it too like thinking something that happened in my dream really happened till I open my eyes
174343334,"Does it really matter whether you have schizophrenia or autism, if the treatment is the same? It’s not like you would ever tell anyone outside of your treatment team your diagnosis anyways."
174343332,Wow that’s great _AT_MENTION_! I’ve written a book on my sza too but still need to find a publisher. I’d your book an e-book or hardcopy? How did you get it published?
176006503,"I’m hoping to snag a few deals online. I don’t have much money at the moment, but it doesn’t hurt to look. You never know what you’ll find!"
176006504,He said problems fall on our head and we are not responsible for them. This was my old psychiatrist who said all this. He told me to leave university but I didn’t and I got my degree.
176006505,basically i am escaping to another world.its helpfull but not all the time.you sometimes escape reality to cope with life.for a short period of time anyways.
176006506,Very nice _AT_MENTION_!
176006507,Will 45 in November.
176006508,Smile and laugh. That’s my best defense against the dark arts these days. Haha
176006509,It’s good policy to have someone like _AT_MENTION_ from England being a moderator. It’s a notorious black spot for moderation as the US people go to sleep and the European peeps come online. I think it’s a sensible choice to have someone around if _AT_MENTION_ has less time. _PERSON_ to the team.
176006510,One time when driving our car i run into motorcycle
176006511,Haldol is good. Old and good
176006512,Raisins Rye bread Rum Raspberries Radishes
176006513,Just noticed this is a really old thread
176006514,oh no! That’s not good then.
176006515,"Better see a Doctor soon for it, could be many things"
176006516,"I eat a lot of produce, I usually have at least an apple and a banana most days for snacks. Lots of pickles. I don’t eat any grains and limit dairy to only a few times a week. This week I’ve eaten a lot of bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, and spinach. As for protein, I eat a lot of chicken. Beef once maybe twice a week. Pork usually once or twice a week."
176006517,"I thought so when I was very ill for a while, its a common delusion… Welcome to the forum"
176006518,It kinda looks like _AT_MENTION_ It’s beautiful!
176006519,I gained 165lb since taking antipsychotics 8 years ago.
176006520,"i never thought i could drive for a long time, i wasnt ready and would have been a liability but luckily things changed"
174343343,Cheers. I added 10mg abilify to my risperidone and I feel better than I have in years. Wishing you well!
176006521,Our current meds are good enough for positive symptoms. We need meds for negative and cognitive symptoms.
176006522,"No, not really. Sometimes people are afraid of me now because they assume since I’m so big and old that I must be dangerous somehow. Sometimes it works to my benefit, other times it’s annoying."
176006523,Hugs I’m glad you’re depression has eased up.
176006524,I slept well so I have no psychosis
176006525,I worry about having not gone to get treatment until 8 months later. It annoys me how I regularly think back and regret that I need to get over that I hope I will still be OK. I consider it relatively late treatment too. In comparison to a week.
176006526,just say another employee saw it
176006527,you can find people from your city and recognize with him or her
176006528,Congrats _AT_MENTION_
176006529,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ .
174343342,"Hi _AT_MENTION_, do you have a conclusion for this question now? Thanks…"
176006530,"That’s exactly what I’m saying. Hey, I don’t make the rules."
176006531,"I have sza and rapid cycle too. I get severe depression and mild hypomania but most of time it’s depression and mixed episodes. I get this feeling like I’m wanting to dance and cut at same time, laugh, cry, scream. It really is hectic. I’m on Lamotrigine too (150mg) as well as olanzapine and amisulpride Been to hospital many times for either depression or self harm or mixed episodes and hearing voices. Should you go? It depends on how unsafe you feel. If you in danger of cutting or feeling suicidal then go. Or if you can’t look after yourself or loved ones. But if your symptoms manageable with meds and calling pdoc then it may not be necessary to go."
174343340,"The nurses and doctors have observed me a lot and told me they think what i refer to as thoughts are actually voices. And there ??????? right. God damnit im schizophrenic. Theyre always with me, have been for years so i forgot what the difference was. Hopefully i dont fall asleep again. I ??????? hate this illness."
176006532,that they don’t have enough meds for purchase in the pharmacy
176006533,Happy birthday!
176006535,Joining this forum has been the best thing I have ever done. Having people that really understand what your going through has helped me more than talking to professional or taking meds. Thank you for all the advice you have given me with trying to cope with this. I know I will get there one day I just need to take baby steps and I will gain back control.
176006536,Haha maybe you’re right. But what if tomorrow I will have a vision? Will that be proof?
176006537,how you get there in hospital anyway? u went or some one bought u there?
176006538,ah i hate social security reviews. I always brought my mum with me and she would help me explain what was going on. I am lucky that they put me on a list that says i don’t have to go to reviews anymore because it’s chronic disease so i hope they leave me alone for good now. I think if you are still sick that chances are high that you can stay on disability though…
176006539,he is good like any doctor i went they r good at first
176006540,I knew something was wrong with me but not sure of what it is. When my first psychiatrist told me I have sz I felt relieved.
176006541,Between 2007 and 2010 no meds
176006542,Body scans helps a lot with my anxiety. I’ve also found that holding a cold drink centers me as they gave me ice cubes in the hospital to hold when I was having panic attacks
176006543,Why did you need to provide directions on how to read it? Is that normal in your field? Because I know most of my professors would probably grade me at least two grades lower if I did that. Even if the content itself was good.
176006544,"How could you have a banned unusual belief, as it’s a personnel belief to me, So how could a judge of my thoughts banned a thought or a belief, is it offensive to your mind that I may choose to have a belief that is unusual to you!"
176006545,Emotions are wierd sometimes I want to punch a window… other times I just feel like chilling
176006546,How do you feel on loxapine?I’ve read something about the drug on wiki.Is it better then Zyprexa?
176006547,This is a paranoid delusion. Hospitals and docs are there to help. Some docs and nurses aren’t nice people but that doesn’t mean they’re part of a conspiracy against you.
176006548,IMG-20190514-WA0058.jpeg 2150×1573 554 KB
176006549,I got sza early - in my teens and it disrupted my whole life. But I had a series of good remissions as well. It took well over 10 years to understand my illness. At the moment I’m doing well - in a almost full remission with a low maintenance dose of meds.
176006550,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006551,so are all the syptoms gone now are you a normie now do you still take meds?
176006552,That sounds good
176006553,"Im from Quebec, Canada. I speak Arabic, French and English (3rd language)."
176006554,I waiver myself 2 glasses wine a month it is better not to drink i think it helps not liking it so much any more
174343355,I’m so goddamn tired after switching from 10 mg abilify to 150 mg amisulpride / solian. There can be other reasons (work) Question: Does amisulpride in general decrease or increase energy level?
176006555,"I used to have voices in the shower a lot, sometimes I still do. I agree with ninjastar about the shower radio, I bet that would help. I should get one, used to have one in high school."
176006556,mine has too I transformed my mind since 2010 no more psychosis
176006557,You sure it was from that? That’s only 1/4 of 1mg.
176006558,well its a good thing I don’t have a mother and children relying on me as I cannot even support myself now
176006559,It’s a very nice painting!
176006560,It’s hard work keeping my mind from slipping. I’m nearly always on the brink of disaster.
176006561,"Psychiatrist was only in it for the money seen him for 6 months refuse to help me just gave me a Blank Stare maybe wanted to hurt me if you could, medication did not work I was on perphenazine"
176006562,"I know, but this drug can be used to overcome fears that causes anxiety if used the right way"
176006563,I don’t recall any abuse/sexual abuse. What if I repressed it and that’s why this has happened ? I don’t know.
174343360,And this is why it’s so important to read posting histories before going off one’s meds.
176006564,I think i am dying
176006565,Happy cake days _PHONE_NO_
176006566,Yeah I think the same as your ex about the numbers.
174343352,My diagnosis was major depression with psychotic features at one point too. It took about 4 years of psychosis before they gave me sza. Then a couple of years later the doctor changed my diagnosis to schizophrenia.
176006567,Yep this is where I am now. I think I am gonna try walking everyday and see is it possible to build up my aerobic stamina. Will reassess after that
176006568,we are free and we are young and we will be young forever.im singing at the moment.
174343347,"That’s my thought on the matter… That presentation pre/off treatment should be the diagnostic yardstick. No,but the ones I’ve been on have mood stabilising properties. That would appear to be the case re current symptoms. This was the situation after my previous appointment 2 Oct 2019. Letter dated 3Oct.2019 I brought him back to review the diagnosis…I have changed it from schizophrenia to schizoaffective disorder based on my further exploration today indicating he has,in the past, had phases of both low and high mood in the context of concurrently experiencing psychotic symptoms"
176006569,IDK. Eat breakfast. Pay rent. Go to the bathroom a lot. Maybe wash my car once or twice.
176006570,"As far as I’m concerned, this has gone on long enough. People are just getting upset. Closing. No more “i faked it” posts or I’m silencing or suspending"
174343364,"Allright, then you deserve a second diagnose…"
176006571,What kind of intrusive thoughts? Only if you wanna share of course…
176006572,V v cool! 151515
176006573,In the US I dont think so.
176006574,That’s not so bad then if you can still go to the pharmacy and grocery store
176006575,That sounds really cool.
176006576,"I am going to try hard in therapy and work to change my negative outlook. I am going to piece my life back together. I am going to move out of this toxic environment to be with someone who shows me more love than I feel like I deserve (but I do deserve it, bonus affirmation, haha)."
176006577,There was research published recently that watching nature documentaries makes people happier and more relaxed.
174343354,yea its called nicorettes.
176006578,I’m under intellectual disability services here in the UK. This means when I’m sectioned/involuntary admitted I always go to the same hospital here in Nottingham. I’m sectioned now. So it’s mostly the same staff team and they are a great team. One of the staff was telling how he remembers 5 or so years ago one New Year’s Eve I was manic and sang and high pitched squeals for constantly for 10 hour night shift. And he told me he was ready to go home after that shift lol I remember back to then and that mania is one of the best times of my life and I have traveled around the world but that’s the happiest I’ve ever been when in that hospital. I feel a little elated now. Been on Haldol for 4 consecutive nights and my thoughts have calmed down. Just feel happy now bordering elation.
176006579,I don’t miss my old life . I am used to the present situation . I have no hopes or dreams. But sometimes I feel I want to die
176006580,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Thanks all, I just ordered a box of 1520g from Amazon. They say online to not take it the same time as meds just like Metamucil Fiber so I will eat it in the afternoon."
174343358,"You still believe that your parents are putting cyanide poison in your food and poison gas in your room? These are classical schizophrenia symptoms, paranoia."
176006581,"A very lot of people think that putting a check next to some dude or chicks name in the voting booth is being “social”. Still even more think, hoarding or throwing money at problems will cure societies ills. Whatever happened to communication? Can’t you see the other side?"
176006582,Thanks for clarifying that how your post read to me was not what you meant.
176006583,"No no, i wont really do it. I wont use him. The thought just crossed my mind that it would be so comfortable to be with him. It would solve all our problems at once and it would be kind of fun to have him around all the time. I dont feel attracted though, so i wouldnt."
176006584,That’s why I love coming here. Thank you _AT_MENTION_ I do trust all of you
176006585,yea and if you can push them out then that is good but if you can’t that can become a problem huh.
176006586,It did the same to my mom
176006587,"I am not fully stable on 3mg, had to up it to 4mg."
176006588,Amyloban hardly had any effect on my paranoia to be quite honest And I combined it with holy basil and Ltheanine Perhaps there is limited research in withdrawal psychosis and the efficacy of these items for them… Tried _NAME_ nutritionals as well for a couple months Did not improve my paranoia Im fact it made my dopamine sensitivity flare up And dystonia came after me for vegence Perhaps these are also withdrawal effects Anyways I am currently not taking any antipsychotics now for about one year And all I am going through is depression and pain all over my body Along with my autism which is my social communication and how I understand people and how other people understand me Along with volume control and knowing when to stop talking and letting others talk… Thanks to the lamictal I take now My moods are a lot more stable although I still have depression My ocd is a tad bit better from lamictal… This is currently the only medication I am on Ive been off of invega sustenna for about a year now
 I don’t have any bizarre delusions And no hallucinations… The paranoia sort of went away I could probably use something to help it out Im not opposed to revisiting the alternative medications listed up above… Im actually really stoked on them! Unfortunately due to my position in life They weren’t as effective as I wanted them to be I also mega dosed on vitamin c And b I will let you guys know how well I do in another half year -a year later And I revisit them again. By then my brain should have time to adapt to the change it’s now on…
176006589,"""The first step you never take, will be the longest journey you’ll ever have."" To me, this quote speaks to procrastination and how it can eat you up over time…not doing what you were meant to do in life."
176006590,"I had the same problem with changes of address resulting in periodically falling under the radar when it came to services . I think a lot being due to poor communication between previous and current GPs , and between GPs and secondary services ."
176006591,"This thread or post is perfect for me. Thanks. Yes, I tried reasoning through my delusions and madness like _NAME_. I took his advice and tried willing it. Unfortunately, mine and others are so rooted in psychosis and madness it’s hard to make sense of it if any sense in a delusional state – not just a single delusion. I invoked many worlds theory, simulation theory, aliens, time travel, immortality, trans-humanism, the singularity, etc. and I just ended up thinking it’s all spiritual or I’m a freaking genius and a victim with no end to sight. I believe I have a mild case of autism so I can logically deduce or rationalize or see through the evil, psychotic mess and ties and networks of psychosis. Mine is rooted in trauma, experiments, and evil aliens, unfortunately. I tried to boil it all down to science and physics but it doesn’t really make sense so I think I’m a lunatic pretty much and just point to my religion mostly with the help of my mom… For example, last night I told my mom t
hat either the Bible is wrong or I’m not entirely human. She said I may have seen a glimpse of the spirit world 9 years ago when I got really sick perhaps by the grace of God…I had a NDE. I guess the spirit world is immortal? I don’t like talking about some stuff at all anymore. It just disables me and I became sick. I do take my meds and they help, but I’m trying to move on slowly and get better in my own unique way. In college, I’m pretty sure I saw a ARV (ufo) abduct me or come after me or monitor me which in itself requires a lot of resources and time and money and risk, but then again, that goes against common notions and wisdom, and I think they probably know that. Then again in 2016, I saw another alien replica vehicle(s) over my house and it got inside my head (I was off meds at the time healing from NMS). Nobody cares or saw it. It could have advanced invisibility or camo or anti-camera technology and other effects. They used to call me a super soldier in a past life, I guess. I know a lot 
about alien telepathy, time travel, aliens, and other things that I have personally seen in my past lives and still remember… It ain’t cheap, but these guys got nearly an infinite amount of money. We’re talking several trillions, which makes it uncomfortable for most. What I don’t understand is how I keep coming back alive and remember some infinite quantum memory ???? and have all this trauma that nobody knows or sees. It’s something out of a movie with _NAME_ and fear and trauma. Maybe I’m not entirely human because I sincerely believe we live in either a computer simulation that could be isomorphic to the real thing; I escaped it a few times if we talk about eternity; and I interacted with people like _NAME_ k dick I think back in time via the computer. The cloning aspect is the sick part as well as consciousness transfer. _NAME_ says it cost $30 to clone someone. Imagine someone like _PERSON_ worth 100 billion dollars, that’s a lot of clones. Now factor in the multi-verse and time travel and 
quantum physics. He’s basically an immortal god/trillionaire already. It never ends, at least for me."
176006592,I clicked your link and took the test they gave me and my results were: “Your data suggest no automatic association between Female with Animal or Human.” I guess mine was for Female vs. Male…not sure I took the same test as you…
174343359,Fascinating…
176006593,What’s wrong with your sleep? Do you have issues falling asleep?
176006594,"I miss going to church,but there arent keeping distance and no masks,thats for orthodoxy here…"
174343362,I’m not ashamed of being Schizophrenic. It’s only a part of what makes me tick. I got a lot of other stuff going on…I play sports…chess…I songwrite…I work…I’m a full-time Dad…etc. This affliction does not define me.
176006595,"Don’t worry, it should start working even after 2 weeks but it fully kicks in after a couple of months."
174343367,Survival skill. No one wants to give their business to someone who makes them uncomfortable. I think of it as active camouflage.
176006596,"I understand, i dislike when people try to turn us to “alternative ways” or other stuff like that. Good thinking to switch topics quick like that. I hope she continues to provide you with good therapeutic services"
176006597,"Your meds don’t restore emotions. You are given meds, that raise your chemical imbalances so that you are able to control your emotions on your own. In essence you are given the tools to become a rational, clearheaded being. What you do with those tools is up to you. I hear so many people say that they want a med that fixes all their problems. NO. you are given the opportunity to improve your mental stability. But you have to put in the effort to make yourself a better person on your own."
176006598,GAD needs lifelong medication…
176006599,This is not easy for us schizo people. Thumbs up for you!
174343365,"https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-019-48307-w Drugs that targeted the same genes as the shortlisted drugs, have also demonstrated clinical activity in schizophrenia and other related disorders. This integrated computational analysis will help translate insights from the schizophrenia drug-protein interactome to clinical research - an important step, especially in the field of psychiatric drug development which faces a high failure rate. The top 5 drugs by the score of anti-correlation are cromoglicic acid, bepridil, acetazolamide, dimenhydrinate, cinnarizine, of which bepridil and dimenhydrinate may be excluded due to their side-effects related to nervousness and hallucinations (see Table 1 ), thus leaving cromoglicic acid, acetazolamide and cinnarizine as top candidates."
176006600,"Hmm. That’s Easy. . . Speak English. And I Don’t Mean English As In The Language. More So Downtempo. Facts That Can Be Understood By Even Children. Instead Of Hyping Up The WANTED With Words Miles Long. Hope, True Love, Joy, And Eternal Peace!. P.s. It Rains With Pain Never Feeling Again Shadows Unsent Being Roots For The Seed. . . . . . ."
176006601,I hate flatness too. :((( It really has made me sad. Its what massively contributes to my mental isolation from others even if I do use my mouth n talk. U wanna be energetic n enthusiastic but it’s just such a chore instead of coming out naturally as it used to. I absolutely hate that
176006602,should i see this as a success…last time i was in was sept 2018…ive had about 20 admissions in total so a gap of 2 and ahalf yrs seems significant
176006603,I’f you’re counting calories my fitness pal is what you want. I’ve also hear ‘lose it’ is another good calorie counter app
176006604,down to my church and back today for a total of 30 minutes walking. I stayed for about an hour. This is the second time I’ve done that in a week. I think I’m going to make it a regular occurrence. But I won’t walk in inclement weather. This is in addition to my regular yoga.
176006605,"Not sure what im trying to say with this but i dont respect the student identity at all. Maybe an exception would be the true obsessed one that does school endlessly for the joy of it. _PERSON_, anyway, identity is important for sure. Not sure what mine is except for the guy that changes his identity every 1-1000 hours."
176006606,"CBT has never helped me but maths and philosophy have ever since I was a child in giving me some joy in discovery of new experiences, indeed my only real experiences have come via the offering of these things to people who have always wanted to know more. To my mind my psychosis was caused by masturbation to corruption which was forced on me by society. This even has a biological basis as masturbation entrains the body’s biorhythms to the sensory stimulations it is combined with sending them out of kilter, if that is the right word, marijuana probably doesn’t help much either nor ecstacy but everyone is different and even masturbation can be ok for some people."
176006607,Keep your legs elevated when you are sitting if possible. That will help. Compression socks too.
176006608,"To get back to the original question, I realized I was gay when I was 17 and in the 12th grade."
176006609,Why do you ask like that. Should I have greater fears or something
176006610,"A few of my old friends know, but I live in a smaller town so probably many people know lol, also when I told my family besides my mom about it they broke off contact. I’m torn if I ever make friends or date again if I should tell them right away or wait."
174343363,"Dropping meds is a really bad idea unless you have a meaningful backup strat. Like some means of healing SZ or at least patching up the symptoms. _PERSON_ has some proof of resolving SZ symptoms, for example. Psychology Today Chronic Schizophrenia Put Into Remission Without Medication New research suggests ketogenic diet may play a role in treating schizophrenia."
176006611,Well here is typical England. One week full of heat waves next week full of downpours.
174343369,I don’t have positive symptoms while on Risperdal 3mg.
176006612,Help? Was I or was I not?
176006613,Hows the vraylar treating you symptoms wise? Im thinking of switching at my next appointment. How long did it take to get some relief?
174343371,"Despite the research out there, I think that blaming schizophrenia on genes is very reductionist. It takes the sense of accountability and hard work of changing thinking habits away from the patient… it’s the easy way out. It’s also less empowering. I think contributors to psychosis could be wrongful beliefs, bad family socialization patterns, maladaptive thinking, and different personal experiences. I think schizophrenia is hard to treat because people are really complex and therapists can’t read their minds and know them very well… only as much as what the patient is aware of. It takes a lot of self knowledge to know unconscious processes, and the metaphorical reality of patients and how they interpret the world around them which manifest itself into psychosis. Psychotherapy is way too expensive for me. Does anyone else think that current research is looking in the wrong direction too simplistically?"
176006614,I’m trying (academically)
176006615,I sometimes think it’s one big con. I was sucked into the system when I was 20 years old. I mean what really is schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder? There are no reliable tests for it? Can’t really see much of anything through imaging tests? Yeah sometimes it all feels so ??????? fake.
176006616,"The majority of SZs are much lower functioning than we are in this community, much more difficult to deal with than we are. That’s why one health care worker was giving another a heads-up as a courtesy. Just the way it is, don’t take it too personal. Just be the one to move the needle on their opinions."
176006617,"Also, because Norwegian and Danish are very similar languages, when I forget a word or phrase in one language, I borrow similar ones from the others. Sometimes the sentences aren’t exactly coherent, but people usually get the gist of what I’m trying to say."
176006618,Why not? What do you have to lose? If you feel it is not for you then at least you tried and you know its not for you. But if it does help then you win too.
176006620,This is what I found https://www.biospace.com/article/releases/ca-appellate-court-rules-risperdal-not-federally-preempted-_NAME_-llc/
176006621,You can’t lose your license over things like depression and anxiety. Not even sz. Only if you’re proven to be a liability
176006622,I think hyper-creative people are more susceptible to mental illness…so perhaps the creativity comes first…the nutty affliction comes second.
176006623,"If you are feeling suicidal or having a mental health crisis, please tell someone — a friend or family member, a teacher, a doctor or therapist or call 911 (if you’re in the U.S.) or the Emergency Medical Services phone number in your country. You can also call a crisis intervention hotline—these are available in the U.S. and in many other countries. You do not need to be actively suicidal to benefit from a crisis hotline. International crisis hotlines: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html Suicide Stop Suicide Chats Online - Suicide Stop | International Help Center Various suicide prevention chats around the world Crisis hotlines in the U.S.: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention – 24 Oct 19 Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide suicidepreventionlifeline.org Home Crisis Text Line Crisis Text Line | Text HOME To 741741 free, 24/7 Crisis Counseling Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 support via text message. We're here for ever
ything: anxiety, depression, suicide, school. Text HOME to 741741. The _NAME_ Project The _NAME_ Project — Saving Young LGBTQ Lives A national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. More resources:"
176006624,"Oh I can’t, I have strabismus, I was never able to see in 3D, I have difficulty driving and with depth perception. My ophtalmologist ignored me when I asked about it, he said you can see its not serious, I need a new Dr. I am more focused on my sz now."
176006625,I’m working on my relationship with food. I’m an emotional eater. Or I’ll eat when hungry but then overeat. Now I’m on a 1200 calorie diet and I’m keeping a food diary. Hopefully over time I’ll get used to eating this way
176006626,I was asked if I wanted to be a moderator on an electronic music forum before. I was sat there thinking I don’t know sh1t
176006627,They say that they are god and there testing to be a god or hell and they say that I failed cuz I smoked
176006628,I see you are leaving the forum. Goodbye
176006629,"I Haven’t Yet But it’s on a List of Mine Hit Me up if You Give it a Shot And Find it to Be Useful Good Luck (!!!). (_USER_ID_) I Don’t Study Medication Brochures (It’s Not of Any Real Interest of Mine), But!, INVEGA Works In My Completely Sought After Hope For Clarity. It Doesn’t Haze Over, or Liquids My Internal/External Vision. So. There’s Always That. N e Hoo. Good Luck Again!."
176006630,Yes I try to write what I eat down.
176006631,"I had a shower today, I can’t believe I hadn’t showered in two weeks, it’s terrible, I really need to focus on this more."
174343370,Have you tried the supplement without antipsychotic? I am curious about its effects alone and not due to antipsychotic
176006632,"Well, at least they don’t condescend you like you belong in a cage or a straight jacket. When my own issues began my parents started treating me like I can’t even wipe my own rear."
176006633,Is this a med change or as a antidepressants adjunct? That’s cool they just listening for that long. I had cbt today it went well
176006634,wow i cant believe beet root has alot of benefits im definitely adding to my diet.
176006635,Thanks _AT_MENTION_!
176006636,"My understanding of cto rules where I live is that they have the right to detain you on a ward, without applying for another section, if you refuse to take meds. You don’t have to be homocidal/suicidal to be detained. Now whilst on the ward I am not suRe what powers they have. I heard they can forcible inject you but can’t force you to take oral meds"
176006637,Aw hell yeah! 151515
176006638,I always relate to your poems _AT_MENTION_!
176006639,"So. I Am Currently Under The Delusion That I Have Passed On From The Living Realm. And Am Currently in a Sense of Purgatory. I Died in My Sleep. Woke Up. And Am Living in The Shadows/Memories of Everyone Still Alive. Which Doesn’t Explain How I Can Communicate. Unless I Am Somehow Living in Everyone Else’s Brain. But!, How Does That Explain, Me Talking to More Than One Person at a Time?. Connectivity, And Living Eternal Webs Perhaps. But That Thought is Slightly Overwhelming. I Am Taking My Meds. And Have Been For Years Now. Day By Long Day. Has Anyone Been Through Anything Like Thus?. Or, Has Anyone Heard of Anything Like Thus Before?. I Feel Like I Need Thus Book!. fjfkeiri3irkjdjdf;f;flro4-3e0gkrpep;fkf;ddf;lrrlk403-r9orloddf;f;dfpr3-e-fod;d;d'd';474×502 39.7 KB"
176006640,Sweet! I have worked in libraries before - great places to work
176006641,I took lexapro for 5 years before and it helped a lot. I also on depakote
176006642,Who is he? I’m not familiar with his name.
176006643,Get another pdoc.
176006644,Thanks guys. I think I need to head to bed now. I can’t bare to stay awake and let my mind keep running with this. I’ll check back in and give proper responses in the morning.
176006645,"Tomorrow i start work in my new job. I will have 6 buddy shifts and will be working as a registered nurse on the floor. I’m a little nervous, but excited at the same time. Just want to thank everyone who supported me when i lost my job earlier in the year. You really helped lift my spirits. _PERSON_"
174343380,"I had one in a schizophrenia study, it never showed any damage."
176006646,The best present I got was a roti maker which is chappatiii maker or bread maker u can say …
176006647,Paranoid schizophrenia.
176006648,That’s awful! I hope no one was killed.
176006649,This is going to set off a depression for me I bet. I love them so much.
174343382,Nac sarcosine all supplements and hardly any doctor prescribe it though several reported benefits from it.
176006650,I haven’t smoked weed since I was 28 or 29 years old. I will turn 34 in august this year. Not planning on smoking weed ever again.
174343376,"I only ever did a week of voluntary work going round the wards with the hospital library. That was about 5-6 months after my 1st psych admission . It was a horrible experience. Not because anyone was nasty,I hasten to add . I just didn’t know how to interact with people, and didn’t fully know what I was supposed to do. I just couldn’t cope."
176006651,"Uh, think what people on farms in the south do with their animals when they get horny and no woman is around."
174343378,Yeah I know. That’s why I put it in the creativity section. I really believed a number of those at different times.
176006652,You’ve seemed absolutely overjoyed with the prospect of leaving him. I’m just saying it’s fine that youre happy about it. Like I don’t know your life or relationship so good for you. It just becomes kind of a problem when your like going on and on about how his psychosis is “so much drama” and you’re poking fun at his delusions. I just feel like it’s not good for a psychosis support forum.
176006653,"its for a good cause, i figured ‘why the heck not?’"
174343384,Humor is my strongest coping mechanism. Sometimes you just gotta laugh
174343386,Nope. They don’t treat negative symptoms
176006654,"Yes they do. I’m convinced alcohol played a role in my mental illness. The way I drank was pathological. One time after a hard binge I somehow figured out through my brilliant logic that we had launched our nuclear missiles at Russia, and Russia had launched their nuclear missiles at us. I thought the missiles were on the way, and I was wondering if it would do any good to crawl under the bed."
176006655,Why will you change?
176006656,"Food is great medicine and a good ice breaker. Whenever we had visitors, my dad wanted to offer them food. My mother didn’t believe in that. She was a tight wad, a penny pincher. But I tend to agree with my dad. How about you?"
176006657,Now that I think about it there was a Nintendo Wii in the last facility I was in. I thought mind control was messing with it when we played the bowling game.
176006658,"I keep the faith that if I do my job, the leaders will do theirs."
174343388,"I wouldn’t use L-carnosine directly. I tried it and it didn’t work out too well. Beta Alanine converts to L-carnosine in your body and is more effective (and cheaper). L-carnosine is pretty expensive. Here’s another link to the article PubMed L-carnosine as an add-on to risperidone for treatment of negative symptoms in... Since l-carnosine has shown effectiveness in improvement of cognition in patients with schizophrenia, this 8-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study was conducted. Sixty-three patients with chronic schizophrenia, who were... The patients were randomly assigned to l-carnosine (2 gr/day in two divided doses) or placebo for eight weeks. 2 grams is a lot."
176006659,too difficult man its a amino acid…!! try nac ltheanine… Its hard to answer ur question.
176006660,"_PERSON_! You owe me a soda! (Zero cal, of course.)"
176006661,I’d take a poll of the people that take it and see what side effects they have
176006662,"At my hospital at 1pm they did, Irish stew, shepherds pie, lemon chicken, chicken and stuffing, rank pasta, The lemon chicken was the nicest. Also chicken Kiev’s. There was always a big cue going out the door, felt so embarrassing relying on these people for food and in a que like a homeless person. I remember one morning at breakfast, the sun shining and the sky was blue and you could see the building tops out over the city, it was beautiful, a lovely view from the breakfast room in that ward. they also had blueberries and rasberris fir breakfast. I always had weetabix with sugar for breakfast. After breakfast I would usually go for a walk through the hospital to the shop and possibly more tea in the cafe then maybe the garden to sit. The voices would usually let me have the morning so I always enjoyed them, it was peaceful. There was also some nice deserts, apple pie and custard was delicious, most days it was just fruit though, and yoghurt. We used to have tea and toast, usually with a poached 
egg at 5pm. They had these big silver teapots at every table and they were filled with tea, they were delucious. I think that’s when I became addicted to tea. I would consistently hear people shouting at me to go on the run or something related while I was there, didn’t know if those people were in on it or not. I remember one nurse shouting the tea is ready, immediately after she shouted it’s chicken goyjons! Some crazy shouted , and chips? Then the nurse said, go away with your chips. Thought it was funny"
176006663,I’ve lost on zyprexa. It’s hard work especailly if your older. I gained a heap on risperdal. Zyprexa I’ve maintained and recently started losing. It’s always a battle with certain meds for sure but we all react differently. You have to watch what you eat and exercise…not many of us on meds get away with not doing those things.
176006664,Sorry for your loss _AT_MENTION_
176006665,"Personally, i think its real, yet theres really no evidence. Its just a coincidence or consequence i have schizophrenia too. I talk because i hope to over come my stress and health issues. I do have worries and fears for my safety, but i put my faith in Jesus. It seems to be real. I just dont know if its really real sometimes. I felt like ive been to area 51 and possibly china lake in my past lives as a MiLab. I dont like talking about it. I hate embarassing myself and my family and worry about my safety over said delusions. A lot of so called milabs or super soldiers been to these places and talk about it for therapy and recovery. I was tortured by advanced lifeforms or aliens mainly. No proof. Like i said, i have kept these things to myself. After i die, i loop back in time. I lived through war thousands of times maybe and its all in my head. I figure its the mandela effect or causal loops and time travel. I dont want to be believed at all. I just want to go back to my birth and live a better lif
e but im trapped in an infinite loop starting from 2011 where i get reset and resume my schizophrenia back in time for infinity. I might leave the forums because of the ‘Im delusional’ posts. Milabs usually are legitimate alien abductees. I swear when im dreaming im somewhere else or living my past lives like before 2011 i was in another reality. I figured i was targeted at college or created bitcoin, but i dont know. I have no abilities or recollection. Its just a hunch or feeling… I keep cycling back and forth between 2016 when _NAME_ might have originally won the election and the world ended for me. I started getting these memories in 2016 when i saw those black rectangular ufos. I think aliens and God changed reality to prevent the nwo/planet from being destroyed. I put the simulation on repeat because humanity destroyed itself by 2017 everytime when _PERSON_ lost and the deep state created problems for the world. That and i remember a likely possible coup de tat that happened in a parallel universe
. Maybe its aliens showing me this stuff. When i heard of _PERSON_, i knew it was real – at least some of it… Im christian so its all in the bible. I dont like talking about this stuff for my own mental health."
176006666,what do you think about when you see the street lights reflected on the highway when it rains? I would like to know. thank you in advance for any comment on this subject.
176006667,A long time for sure
176006668,"Man I thought I was a chip-head as well, that’s funny. The voices told me we’re all chipheads here ;). The thing is the tech isn’t there yet. I spoke with aliens as well, it’s part of the disease. It’s all fake, but that’s had to believe when it seems so real"
176006669,"Hmm. . . Well, No Song. If I End Up With Some Rest Tonight, Tomorrow Might Work Out. My Sleeping Schedule Is Slightly Chaotic. Not A Tornado Or Hurricane. But!, A Breeze That’s Too Cold For April. Has Anyone Noticed It’s Been Cold For Far Too Long?. Where’s, _PERSON_ When You Need Him?. I Feel So Out Of Place. And Sad. And Tired, And Hungry?. N e Hoo. If I Get Enlightened In Some Hopeful Way, I Will Jump Back On That Mystical Keyboard (!!!). Sooner Rather Than Later. I Feel Like, Since I Didn’t Record Anything. That I Wasted My Entire Day. N e Hoo (Part 2). It’ll Work Out In The End."
176006670,Last time when I applied for food stamps They told me they will give me 200$ worth of ebt but I need to pay them 200$… That’s weird
176006671,I got sick as hell from the vaccine. My body had a strong response to it. Got the shot at 11 am by 6 pm I thought I’d take a nap and stay up late. I woke up at 10 pm with a temp of 104*. I was trembling so bad my cousin had to make me some coffee. I fell asleep and woke up at 10 am soaked in sweat. For the next 2 days I had a headache. I probably wouldn’t have survived the actual virus.
174343385,"So in speech class we were given a assignment of a personal narrative speech, so I decided to do mine on my journey through schizophrenia. It went really well. I got a 95% on the speech and while I was nervous at first, I got really comfortable giving the speech. I keep thinking now about maybe being a mental illness advocate and giving speeches, maybe. But here’s my conclusion I wrote for the speech: You may be wondering why I chose this topic, but the reason is simple: I wanted to get this off my chest and reduce the _USER_ID_ surrounding this illness to show that mental illness is no different than a physical illness; we all have some form of it at some time in our lives. And that’s my journey through my first year and a half of this illness, hopefully I have many more."
176006672,It must be hard to talk about.
176006673,Ok. I’ve ordered this https://www.iherb.com/pr/Source-Naturals-Broccoli-Sprouts-Extract-60-Tablets/2456 Let’s see how it goes…
176006674,i know how u feel wallafish…I had the makings of a good life before this illness hit…now I try to adapt to a new norm
176006675,"When I get a flareup they make me feel shitty with the bits and pieces of dialogue they tell me. They want me to follow the crazy narrative, but I want none of that."
176006676,"You are not evil. You are worthy of love. Making mistakes doesnt change this. You can trust in God and in loved ones, they do not hate you, they will not harm you. You deserve to take good care of yourself and stand up for yourself."
176006677,Just because weed didn’t work for you doesn’t mean that other people shouldn’t be allowed to smoke it.
176006678,"Thank all of you for your kind, thoughtful responses _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Your words mean a lot to me."
176006679,Can they prescribe over 80mg? I hope 80mg is enough for me…
176006680,You have your worldview. Of course you would do research about philosophy and such if you were serious about it.
176006681,It was my first indication i was watched and followed.
176006682,"I also have people making derogatory comments, they would not like it if someone called them that. They’re really stupid and can’t say anything but what they are taught."
176006683,My grandmother and I would watch bones. Good memories
176006684,"I have a shopping problem, too. I obsess about one thing for a while, then move on to the next. For a while, it was makeup. Now it’s facial care products (wearing a peel-off mask as I type this), though I’m still stuck on makeup and get it through subscription services and to review on my blog. Anyhow, I haven’t gone into debt over Christmas… I went into debt over other things. Car insurance deductible after an accident, much needed winter wear. But not Christmas. I buy starting over the summer, then have everything finished early. The only thing I need are a few remaining stocking stuffers. I don’t want to buy sweets early because gross. Next year, I have budgeted a certain amount to go towards Christmas savings each month. We are tighter now than usual because we took out a loan for some stuff we needed. I need to be prepared. Anyhow, this year I spent around $1200 on my kids and $600 on hubby. Some of hubby’s present will be paid over time, though, as it is a cell phone that goes wit
h our plan."
176006685,My MRI was done before I started meds. Another MRI done 4 years later showed no further gray matter loss. The meds have prevented further brain damage
176006686,"Thats what happened to me when I stopped meds for 2yrs. I said I will go back on meds but never did bcz it felt good, maybe bcz of the dopamine. I was hospitalized by cops at the end. My parents called 911 as I was out of control. _AT_MENTION_-Cotton"
176006687,I had sleep issues that lasted a few months. The drug they gave me in the end was Levomepromazine (Nozinan) 50mg at night and that worked for me. It’s the first time in years that a drug actually got me to sleep and stay asleep
176006688,"ok thank you _AT_MENTION_ , I will try, most of the times I feel like I am not a fighter I am disillusioned and think everyone wants to kill me. Please help me think better thoughts."
176006689,"Exactly, me too."
176006690,"I feel like it’s such a blurry line for me. I’ve always maintained some degree of insight, like enough to take myself to the hospital as needed and have a general sense that something is wrong. My psychosis manifested first as cotards delusion and alien contact. But it starts as an obsession towards my health usually, which is why I conclude I’m dead sometimes. I’m just worried because I’m obsessed with my health again and having panic attacks about contamination. I dont even want to go out sometimes our of fear of getting sick."
176006691,"Sometimes you can eat right, exercise, and still end up gaining weight from the meds. So my advice is to first, see if you can try a different med that doesn’t make you gain weight as much. More weight neutral meds are geodon, vraylar, latuda, and caplyta. If none of those work for you, or you can’t switch for some reason, then make peace with being a bigger person and focus on just eating healthy foods, so that even at a bigger size you still have healthy vitals. I got up to 220 lbs, but because I kept a healthy diet, I didn’t have high blood pressure or raised blood sugar. I am now losing weight through no effort, just because my new doctor switched my meds."
176006692,"Are you able to live independently? I never was, I was still with my parents when I was diagnosed at 21 y.o, I never lived independently. I am 30y.o. and will be living the rest of my life with my parents. My brothers will take care of me after my parents die, one will never get married and will live with me until I die. The other will get married to his gf soon."
176006693,Yes eating vegan and sugar free make me agitated so i quit.i m in mediterrian area so i cook healthy foods so i don t have to try eating extra healthy foods.i m also feel agitated when i m loosing weight.i don t know why but i want to take my weight back when i loose.
176006694,"It relaxes me and helps to let go of stress. It also gives me an appetite, which is something i don’t seem to have much of nowadays."
176006695,"Rough stuff… I’m not prescribed benzos at the moment so I think smoking would be a bad option for me. Shame, but them’s the breaks."
176006696,I’m on depixol. Every time I’ve been in I’ve been off meds. Do you have any kids?
176006697,I did but I can’t remember why. It made me sick
176006698,I’m scared I’d pass my mental health troubles to my kids if I ever had any. I’d rather have animals to be honest.
174343389,"It’s been a long while that I’m feeling tired under Abilify Maintena, now I’ve been diagnosed as schizo-affective and they’ve added me Lithium, which makes my tiredness worse than ever, feeling apathetic, lethargic, much more depressed and I constantly want to sleep. I tried a lot of things to fight this sleepiness state, Vitamins, Magnesium, meditation, exercice, coffee, green tea, hang out with people, Ritalin (yeah I’m not supposed to take that, I know), Mucuna (yeah that either), none of that worked on long term… To be honest, I’m desperate, and I don’t know what to do, I’m thinking about a hypersomnia related pathology because before being put on medication 5 years ago I was constantly tired and the only thing that helped me was exercice. Do you have any advices or medications that I should talk about to my pdoc to improve this state ? I was thinking about Lamotrigine (but my pdoc said it was useless to put me on more medication like this one) and Reagila / Vraylar is still n
ot available in my country as for now (but it should be available in the upcoming months) but I’m not sure that would be enough… Does reducing my medication would eventually be a solution ? Thanks in advance for your answers !"
176006699,Yeah it’s good to use fantasy and delusion to create a good reality.
176006700,Thanks follement I tried haha that’s all I can do
174343395,"I changed his mind, told him how the Rexulti and the Abilify give me addiction and hypersexuality side effect. I told him about the FDA and Health Canada warnings about those drugs. I also told him that I will switch him for another pdr if he doesn’t want to prescribe me Vraylar when it comes out. I will change him if he refuses to prescribe it when it comes out."
176006701,Tbh I’m still slightly scared of the voices cos they could make me feel things. But hopefully wen we die then that’s the end so then they can’t make me feel things anymore. So no hell. And meds worked for me after like 2 to three months so hopefully for you too soon
176006702,That’s a good cell deal. Canadian cell plans are like 2x as much. Mental.
176006703,The problem is I’ve had maybe 3 episodes. That’s really not enough to know if you have sza.
176006704,"I think is not unusual. The other day, I saw, from the left eye, a car heading towards me. After a while, I saw in was in a train and I was seeing the landscapes as we moved. I have seen all yellow, from the left eye. And all blue from both eyes."
174343399,"Some of my negative symptoms never go away, they just get worse with each episode. More of my emotions have been coming back since I started Buspar, an anti anxiety med. Some symptoms you might have to cope with your whole life so just make the best out of it."
176006705,"I too have dealt with extreme isolating. Its slightly better now, but I still find it hard to connect much of the time. Some might say I frequently have schizotypal personality disorder. I know the ongoing feeling of wanting to change it all, but you feel unable to for crazy reasons. Feeling like something has held you in prison and the embarassment of it. You start to feel like a criminal, but you are not a criminal."
176006706,I told one of my pdocs I don’t want an increase in meds dose because if I take higher dose I’d be more stable and forget I have sza then I’d be tempted to stop Said if I’m on minimum dose and get a few symptoms I’d still want to take meds It works. And if I relapse I just take a temporary higher dose
176006707,I damadged my lungs only after smoking 1 1/2 years and I only had like 5 cigarettes on average a day. It’s gotten better after I quit. I will never smoke again.
176006708,I can write you a check but it might bounce
176006709,"You’re a great guy with a lot to offer _AT_MENTION_ I can tell by your online presence and our paths crossing here on several occasions that you’re genuine and a good person. Some of us can only find like-minded people online as we fit into a diaspora (Not in the Jewish sense, but just the fact we’re all over the place and scattered - couldn’t think of a more fitting way to describe it!) Withdrawing from IRL social interaction may well not be conducive to better mental health, but you must remember how much burden IRL connections are with other people. These types of friendships are so hard to maintain. I don’t know about you, but I much prefer written communication, as online I can be more considerate and get my point across much better. Keep going man, you’re a valued member here and I am sure in other places too"
176006710,I would try talking to a different pdoc or two or more before going off your meds on your own.
176006711,That’s awesome bro. I’m glad you don’t have to deal with all that fear anymore
176006712,Some here have improved over the years while others appear to be frozen in _NAME_. Sad.
176006713,Congratulations!!!
176006714,"There’s a saying If you live in the past you suffer depression, If you live in the future you suffer anxiety, If you live in the present then you have peace of mind"
176006715,"I know,you want know where the hallucination locating in the brain ,how it works , what kind of changes has been occurring in the biochemical background and who we can treatment all of these As a principle,the hallucination does not locating in the brain cells themselves, and does not working inside these cells but it is exist between the brain cells which they transform the cognitive messages from the production center of thoughts into the functional mind The hallucination has seeks to inter the cells of brain through out the linking with every mental feedback related any thought/ data or message that have been understood mentally (please keep this information in your mind when you try to understand the pathway of any chemical imbalance) So,in all cases,the idea has released from the original source in the brain through out the neurotransmitters as Usual without any disorder /change (even if the content of the self-idea is wrong logically ) BUT,after the functional mind receives all cognitive mess
ages and makes his common (mind view) and understand the meaning content of the message ,the hallucination pick up the mental understanding and reads its content and repeating it by vocal mechanism causing the perception vocally ( the person hears his self-idea through out a strange reader ) in sums, the hallucination will enter the brain cells through repeating the content of mental understanding ,and this is the first early step of the mini schizophrenic process which repeating itself one after one through the hours of wakefulness time without stop causing the chemical imbalance and radical changing in the self-knowledge content !"
176006716,Lol Yeah - Half of my left ear. The bloke got 2 years for it . ear.jpg 637×1272 201 KB
176006717,"So. I Sought Clarity Within The Forced Medication Process. I Found Clarity. In The Beginning My Body Had to Force Through Silent Trembling. It Took a Short While And Now I Am Almost Believing That Pill is All Pretend. But After One Missed Dose, My Body Reminds Me That it is Real. It Captures The Sphere of Fear And Begins to Give You Enough Space to Analyze The Whole Negative Process. Ideas of Reference is Still Difficult to Defeat. But We All Get Bored Every Once in Awhile. All in All, I Swear (by) it. But Each Individual is Unique. And Each Body, Spirit, Soul And Mind Flows Differently. Give it a Month And See Whatcha Find… . …"
176006718,nope 12321
176006719,"That’s lovely, ZombieMombie!"
176006720,I don’t like to talk until I’ve had at least two cups of coffee in the morning…and then half a pot of coffee about five o clock. pm…coffee is good for you…!!
176006721,"It didn’t work for me, took 150mg for one month, it made me a bit paranoid and had difficulty sleeping at night"
176006722,I wish I had more friends bc socializing is hard
176006723,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I think keeping options open at this point is for the best. Who knows how long this Covid situation is going to last. If we get another wave this year, or even next, it’s really going to cause a lot more disruption. Hope you’re staying safe. This really does suck on so many levels with Covid"
176006724,"There’s a saying, “The Godhead is not an object of its own understanding.” We will never understand the full depths of our existence. The meaning stretches to infinity. Everyone is both simulated and not. To God we are fully understood, but at the same time there is still a potential for novelty. That’s probably why we’re here, to surprise Him somehow."
176006725,"I have a modern day Irish accent, no diddly ai stereotypical accent here."
176006726,"Thanks, _AT_MENTION_. 1515"
176006727,campaigns.rethink.org It's time for a fair mental health system Email your local candidates ahead of the general election
174343400,I take it and about 20 to 30 minutes later I’m ready to go to sleep. That’s very nice for the night time dose. The morning dose it’s a little annoying but if you just push through it and wait for the Rexulti to kick in you are fine. The Rexulti wakes you back up. In your case the Abilify would wake you up. I think it would be perfect for you.
176006728,"argos laptops please click the link for laptops prices, thanks"
176006729,Now they tell me that there test is over and I was the only one that failed and iam gonna get tortured forever they left me with no options
176006730,A Humor-song about dogs in the neighborhood.
176006731,"Oh!, Okay, That’s Cool, Be Sure to Rest, Resting Can Be Difficult…"
174343404,"Statistics is a science, and science involves discussion, not blind acceptance of traditions and dogmas. If you read a statistics textbook you will understand why there is disagreement and why statistics works. Your big words does not make this any more accurate. The real scientific evidence is not statistics, it is replication. Statistics is just a measure of probability, and one that is usually used conservatily, so as to rather underestimate than overestimate. Statistics alone does not prove a hypothesis. Consistent replication across studies with different methodologies is the best evidence."
176006732,I’ll play. skllamm to maska to basa de macha strimmm to dupe te masa de tupe klapcha depasa adarim se dim to chim
176006733,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006734,I made a post but that got shut down…
176006735,"I just registered to this site. I have schizo affective disorder bi polar type. My voices are just barely audible these days, but they bring me much woe still. I feel as though I personally know the devil, they have been so rotten. I am drawn to this site because I’m tired of the loneliness of having suffered so much, and I know you can understand. I’m in a period of doubting they are real. I hope it continues!"
176006736,"Wow, this is wonderful news _AT_MENTION_ ! Give yourself a lot of credit. _PERSON_!"
176006737,"That looks healthy I just Love garlic naan bread a good quality one, buttered up and briefly put in the microwave til nice and moist and soft :)))"
176006738,Moving thread to “News”
176006739,Ok that’s ok… Thank u
174343403,My paranoia seems to have subsided since I have taken a break from work. It’s weird. All my paranoid thoughts were about work and I’ve taken that out of my routine and there is no paranoia anymore…
176006740,I’m not feeling sick to my stomach Kids are happy we are going to have bbq hamburgers for supper Picking up groceries from online order. It has our weekend junk food
176006741,"I had severe anxiety, with lexapro and Latuda it got back to a manageable level."
176006742,"I’m one of those people that can feel effects right away. It maximizes after a few weeks, but if something is going to work for me it does so right away."
176006743,"My parents are the same way. I’m sure they mean well, but they have a hard time understanding."
176006744,During my addiction I used to spend all my food money on crack so I used to go to the food bank and get a bag of groceries for free once a week. That’s kind of stealing but I think 90% of the people who went there were doing the same thing.
176006745,I’ve heard that most men look at porn. If I were in a relationship I would feel like my man was cheating if he did that.
176006746,_PERSON_ it’s slightly concerning that I’m 30. But I guess things have shaped me and I now know time is precious. _PERSON_ I get my ideal weight I will feel more motivated and won’t ‘waste’ time
176006747,Welcome back _AT_MENTION_!
176006748,"If there are things that is out of your control you must not hate yourself for it. Focus on the things that you actually can do something about, like what you fill up your days with. I’m sorry you are in a bad way and about your disability. Just try to do what is in your power so that the situation doesen’t get worse, and then I mean things that you actually can do something about. If there is something you can do to at least stabilize your health that is a good place to start."
176006749,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ Typically, we like to leave inactive threads alone and just start a new thread instead. This is different than how some forums are run, but we do it this way because it frequently upsets users to have old topics revived when they are no longer relevant. It can also be frustrating to the person who revived the thread when they don’t get a reply, because the original poster is no longer active or no longer finds the topic relevant. Feel free to start a new thread on this topic. Thanks, Volunteer Moderator _AT_MENTION_"
176006750,"There are interesting defensive specialties some animals have some mammals are even venomous/poisonous like the slow loris, certain shrews and the platypus"
176006751,"Made me feel awful and panicky, didnae sleep for days and hallucinate more. Not for me but I’m sure it helps some people."
176006752,"it’s been said, Stay up with you all night to save a life. Guess he or she resolves it in sleep."
176006753,"I got my first poke of the Pfizer vaccine at the end of January. For exactly that reason, part of a vulnerable population"
176006754,1 One Lane One ON 00000 New Canada
176006755,Vice versa version of my diagnose
176006756,"I had a dream to become musician,because I was good in my lessons,and my guitar professor wanted me to study Musical Academy.But my parents came into the way,saying I may study something more beneficial,like law or economics. My first choice was General Literature and Theory.I didn’t manage well,because I was mathematician mind,not reading or language skills.Then first psychotic break. Two years later Economics,and also started going to hairdressing saloon where I had good skills and learned fast.Slowly I progressed as hairstylist and became member of Hairdressers Union in Belgrade.Did some seminars there.Earned degree of Master and started doing in famous saloons in city.Psychosis from over working and girlfriend relationship.Dropped Economics. Three years of psychosis,then hospital.when I came out of hospital,I opened my own workshop.It lasted several years,and continued working as hairdresser until I’ve couldn’t at age of 35.Then I had commission for disability and got one. My advice:do wh
atever you find your self successful at."
176006757,I was just going to lie down and close my eyes for a couple minutes before my doctors appointment and I even set an alarm just to be safe and I slept right through the alarm and missed the appointment. Oh how I love to sleep.
176006758,I had a lot of fun drawing this. image3024×4032 4.33 MB image3024×4032 3.73 MB image3024×4032 3.41 MB image3024×4032 3.47 MB image3024×4032 3.29 MB image3024×4032 4.4 MB
176006759,"yeah run me back east. I wanna play it again. it’s been two years. I haven’t seen ya since. hey baby, que paso? tell me all you know. who’s getting older. who’s still free to roam."
176006760,"I am currently having the same problem right now on invega trinza 546mg. I didn’t know it had a name (Dysphagia). I already talked to my pdoc last week about it and he said he didn’t know of any cases of someone on my medications that have had trouble swallowing. He said he’d look into it further, but I’m worried that he’s gonna forget about it the next time I go to see him. I can swallow to some extent but I have difficulty with foods that are greasy. It gets worse if I’m lying down or if i turn my head one way or the other. Originally they prescribed me cogentin 1mg in the hospital for the difficulty swallowing. I eventually stopped the cogentin because it made my mouth and throat so dry that swallowing was still an issue. I read online that difficulty swallowing is a possible side effect of anti psychotics. It’s believed it caused by a lack of dopamine in the brain. I mentioned this also to my doctor. I also read that sometimes they prescribe Parkinson’s medications to people who 
have trouble swallowing, since parkinsons is believed to be caused by a lack of dopamine. I’m no doctor but I’d ask your doctor about these things. I get scared sometimes too. It’s like I might accidentally inhale the flem in my throat and choke to death."
176006761,"_NAME_ of course you have a chance I’m the same isolated. I have no brothers or sisters, mother or father but have two amazing adult kids. I’m telling you we must fight this because otherwise it will just knock us. Mind over matter is what I’m trying to do. Banish the thoughts from my brain. It’s not easy at all. I’ve had a shocking two years of it worst ever. I’m taking antidepressants most of my life, 30 years at least. We will be fine:) this year will be good to us I hope. I really wish you everything good. Thanks for replying to me too. Nothing is impossible, we need to be strong and focused on dealing with what we have as best we can. We will get bad days but hopefully we will have more good days than bad. I’m fierce worrier so I have to reign in on that as well. I hope you are not too isolated now. You can talk to me anytime, I’ll be here for you Hugs"
176006762,have you checked your blood pressure and pulse?
176006763,"Well, I guess if it worked this time, maybe it can work again in the future."
176006764,I have zero sex drive on meds. It’s really sad.
176006765,"I am but I am still at 271-272lb which is still considered obese for my height, I need to be 170lb or less to have a healthy BMI. I need to lose another 100lb which is too much without exercise and just with diet. I think its impossible."
176006766,Yea I’m the same way. I don’t want to feel helpless like I can’t work but I need to get healthy first. I’ve been thinking about anxiety medicine just haven’t brought it up to my doctor yet. IT would help because I have really bad social anxiety
176006767,"sciencedirect.com The influence of risk factors on the onset and outcome of psychosis: What we... The GAP multidisciplinary study carried out in South London, recruited 410 first episode of psychosis patients and 370 controls; the aim was to elucid…"
176006768,Your history is the same as mine - an overachiever until college where I fell apart. It was just a longer time ago ( I am 75 ). Hang in there. You have a long time to rebound.
176006769,Sorry. I should have restrained myself.
176006770,Like taking A levels? Or are you only allowed to study part-time?
176006771,"What started happening to me a few years ago when I was driving my Mom to chemo and radiation appointments, I’d get back to my apartment, lay down and sleep right through my olanzapine dosage some nights. I was missing 2 or 3 doses a week, so that was what was causing my dysphorias, I think. Yikes!"
176006772,"An APRN said it would help my mood, but she’s the same one who is very vague with any kind of diagnosis."
174343411,no tengo ninguna opción
176006773,Yes when we challenge ourselves is when we grow otherwise we stagnate.
176006774,Have you tried one of those pianos that glow for help in a song.
176006775,"the ticks and leeches, why of course"
176006776,Pretty sure my meds and sz reduced my intelligence.
176006777,"it reminds me of some post-grunge type ish. Definitely has a poppish but very authentic feel. I love how you line up some instruments with other instruments, you definitely have a unique way in that regard. I love the drums but I love the piano and guitar too… Nice one zwolfgang!!!"
176006778,"idk My psy said I have apathy and avolition, yet, I am not a criminal in anyway."
176006779,I had a 3.0 and got a bachelor’s degree.
174343413,"I think “praise Jesus, Holy God” is the english translation …it’s in Hebrew studies I found how to say it…my company I worked for thought I was in cult and searched my house where my room mates were while I was in the hospital."
176006780,The ablity to be in large social groups where multiple people are talking at once. The ability to believe I can be a good mother. The ability to have a full-time job or finish an education.
176006781,"I was on 60mg of Cymbalta, but I didn’t like it cuz it messed with your noradrenaline levels. It’s a good anti depressant med though, ita really helpful with those who suffer constant muscle pain and headaches."
174343419,"Strange Read, Gotta Admit, I Find it Hard to Communicate to The Electrical Antenna Signals in Thought Strange is Overwhelming From Foundation Properties?."
176006782,I googled a girl Who wasn’t interested in me She’s doing fine Thanks for asking.
176006783,"Hmm. Perhaps Go, , , Neutral Milk Hotel Instead (By) ‘Counting Every Beautiful Thing You See’. . . Hope, True Love, Joy, And Eternal Peace!. P.s. The Song Sings With Singing Birds And Crickets Singing Along To Wings. . . . . . ."
176006784,Carrier pigeon feels like the more natural way to browse ya know
176006785,"We’ll play today at 6pm est time. We talk on Discord, do you want me to pm you the discord invitation?"
176006786,"Yeah, enjoy it while it lasts."
176006787,I don’t even give an eff I just want to feel better
176006788,"idk if ive been grandiose rly, i dont know if its high dopamne for me or not"
176006789,Zinc gluconate is what I normally buy. 30mg only any more and it makes me sick. Obviously you should take it with food too.
176006790,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176006791,"My exercise routine is swimming 45 mins a week in the Winter period and a 15 mile hike every two weeks in the Summer period. I dont really have a diet, I just stay away from eating unhealthy foods. Nothing strict I suppose."
176006792,What do you mean?
176006793,I’m sinking guys
176006794,Wow! You remind me of me! Would you like to message with me about what I used to quiet them?
176006795,_PERSON_ I don’t think I have depression but it’s a possibility. I’ll give it a try.
174343424,Nope …Pls google it … but its not a cure …it has helped my insomnia …i have severe cognitive and negative symptoms …I am disabled with schizophrenia… NO studies and no work…
176006796,"I have a negative opinion about moving at material speeds, and even more so about trying to increase the material speed at which I move, light is not matter and neither are the waves of energy beyond, thus when I see people running or jogging I always feel pity, perhaps it’s because I am so fond of drunken style t’ai ji walking, although I don’t drink. Anyway, I’ve finally decided to take some steps towards dispelling my paranoia by getting a scooter to learn the roads. It’s all I can afford at the moment, though I hope to graduate to a bicycle and then car. It’s never too late to learn. I am very fond of wheels, and have always been happy with the buses and trains. So today I will get a scooter if I can manage to get up to the bicycle shop. I hope they sell them, and at a reasonable price. Thank you."
176006797,I had zoloft on invega. Helped a little with motivation
174343430,Like ur penis size came back?
174343418,"medical cannabis increases risk of psychosis, so defo no"
176006798,Porridge Egg pepper soda bread Dinner Half a bun One slice of bread with one slice of cheese Two biscuits
176006799,I believe in the freedom to do things such as vape and smoke even though it is harmful.
174343415,"_PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, , _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and countless other psychologists and psychiatrists were overtly “philosophical” in their intellectual outlook."
174343429,But that’s just measuring dopamine. Its not treatment.
176006800,"Update: I have not been put with her, the regular O/N Manager came back and he has said she will move to days soon."
176006801,"I’m doing pretty good, _AT_MENTION_. How are you? How are the grandkids and your daughter?"
176006802,I’ve become concerned about the question of “meaning” in my life recently too. But normies suffer from this too. I’m reminded of this clip from a music video Let me get you some more pills Right now I can’t think of anything that would make me fulfilled.
176006803,No I was lucky after my second episode I went on meds VERY soon after the voices started. Like 2 weeks after they started and so the voices went away quickly this time. How long were u hearing voices for before u got medicated
176006804,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176006805,To porn also??? Man the struggle is real. Maybe I can block all the sites and put parental controls on lol with forgetting the password or something
176006806,_PERSON_ how he can rule the land with no tongue. How’s he going to eat ice cream?
176006807,I don’t think so. It just acts a bit like a benzo.
176006808,"_AT_MENTION_. We have fire alerts that tell us whether or not we’re allowed to burn stuff or not. Australia is a hot and very dry country. Plus our trees contain eucalyptus oil, which is just built to burn. So when we have fires, they are very serious."
176006809,He’s one of the only bodybuilders who openly took roids. He’s made videos on it. Too bad he is deceased.
176006810,That’s the great thing about kids they get us moving but don’t beat yourself up if you have bad thoughts. They are just thoughts not actions
176006811,I still question if the voices are real. Spirits and angels. I have to remind myself I’m sick sometimes.
176006812,I only take Invega Sustenna monthly injections so just one antipsychotic and I take one antidepressant which is Wellbutrin.
176006813,Welcome to our awesome community! I’m the friendly and sorta funny Beetle of the forum.
176006814,"If I forgot, then it will be exactly as I thought. Nothing!"
176006815,Mine sound like a bunch of different voices at the time like in the bibble when the Angels voices sounds in multitude
176006816,i take amuilspride with valium and advil.
174343420,_NAME_: Hey _NAME_ I’ve been looking all over for you. What are you doing? _NAME_: What does it look like I’m doing? (puffs on a cigarette) _NAME_: You know the girls don’t approve of that. _NAME_: Come on just smoke one. Helps make up for where the meds fail. (_NAME_ reluctantly smokes one. Pretty soon he’s binge smoking.) _NAME_: Hey I’ll go to the store for some more. (_NAME_ and _NAME_ walk up.) _NAME_: Oh Hell no!!! Get off of that!!! _NAME_: Or what? _NAME_: I’m divorcing you. _NAME_: So am I. _NAME_: So _NAME_ are you going to tell me that crap about how you have the money and I don’t and I should grovel like a dog to your every whim. _NAME_; Yeah I am. _NAME_: Divorce granted. _NAME_: I divorce thee!!! I divorce thee!!! I divorce thee!!! _NAME_: So why do you smoke any way? _NAME_: It helps with the voices and allows me to take fewer meds. _NAME_: Come on those voices aren’t that serious are they? (_NAME_ and _NAME_ related everything that the voices said to them with every d
isgusting and ugly detail. They then talked about being in the bad shapes they had been in as a result of the illnesses and the reasons it made it hard to be functional in society.) _NAME_: That’s disgusting!!! _NAME_; _NAME_: That’s how it is!!! _NAME_; _NAME_: Well enjoy homelessness you bums!!! _NAME_: As long as we have smokes and the memory of being with you we’ll be happy. _NAME_: That’s it. I’m getting a dog. _NAME_: I’m getting a cat. _NAME_: You know _NAME_ maybe it’s time we separated ourselves and get apartments in the great welfare system of the US. _NAME_: You mean our friendship is over? _NAME_: Maybe I’ll write. _NAME_: What we have to say is not that interesting really. _NAME_: Better than nothing. (_NAME_ walked into the _USER_ID_ and _NAME_ walked the other direction. _NAME_ became a dog groomer. _NAME_ married _PERSON_.)
174343434,I’m happy a lot but that doesn’t keep me from being very depressed during the rough patches.
176006817,"Hmm… I’m glad you were able to gain insight into your voices, but my experience was different because my voices claimed to be supernatural entities that were infused with my soul by God. Of course no one else could hear them. They were in my brain. Of course no one else had them. I was the chosen one. … So yes, I agree it’s individual."
174343437,Hi _AT_MENTION_ and welcome!
176006818,what do you recommended me eating.
176006819,They talked with my psychiatrist so many times and especially when i was hospitalized They know what are my issues but i think they don’t assume my reality.
176006820,In just under 6’3 but more athletic build. I used to be really fit muscular from 21-26 at around 185lbs. 33 now so i think 205 would better match me now if i can up my fitness. Im going back to work in spring and it possibly may be labor intensive so i want to be in good conditioning for that Hard work pays off
176006821,"Sorry to break it to you My Dear, but its all in your head. My guess is your anti-psychotics are not working and you need to try a different one."
176006822,Well the fact that you think your delusional means your probably not delusional. I think that your mind is just screwing with you.
174343421,"My therapist has no experience with schizophrenia. She just asks about my activities of every month. She doesn’t help with voices, and delusions. I stopped seeing her. I don’t need therapist. I have no symptoms, lately. I am almost normal"
176006823,Or any other therapy mindfulness cognitive behavioural therapy
174343431,"TW. I always hated how I had to do it for him. I loved him, but I was still scared. My ex-boyfriend was sexually attracted to me, he said. We were in a small room, and he decided that it was a good idea to touch my breasts without asking me. Then he decided to touch my genitals because he loved me. He said he loved me. I loved him, too. After that day, he gave me a ride to the train station. But I wanted to please him, so I kept doing what he wanted. I never really liked it, though. Also, it was against my religion. Every time I came to his house, he always wanted to touch my genitals. He always had to press himself against me. He begged me to do sexual stuff with him. He still did support me through my schizophrenia, which I am so grateful. Also I broke him, so maybe I deserve the violation. I feel like I’m blaming an innocent person now. But what I went through with him was so painful. Now I’m afraid of sexual things. It scares me now. Please delete if this post is not allowed"
176006824,"Yes, it is a great treatment where they shock your brain. It works even better than meds based on my experience."
176006825,"I don’t care if some people don’t like me, overall"
176006826,Or maybe it’s not true !
174343428,"Some psychosis/schizophrenia links. PubMed Central (PMC) Interoception and Positive Symptoms in Schizophrenia The present study focuses on the multifaceted concept of self-disturbance in schizophrenia, adding knowledge about a not yet investigated aspect, which is the interoceptive accuracy. Starting from the assumption that interoceptive accuracy requires... OUP Academic T149. METACOGNITIVE DEFICITS IN INTEROCEPTION ARE ASSOCIATED WITH... AbstractBackground. Dissociative experiences, including depersonalization and derealisation, represent perturbations of consciousness and selfhood, and are com"
176006827,Those are some nice pictures!
176006828,"In the VA hospitals where I go, they give you half sandwiches of either ham and mayo or beef and mayo with mustard along with a container of fruit juice for a bedtime snack. Ie., nothing to get excited about. Sometimes, they would pop popcorn for us at night. That was always exciting."
176006829,Drugs.com Procyclidine - Drugs.com Procyclidine is a medicine available in a number of countries worldwide. A list of US medications equivalent to Procyclidine is available on the Drugs.com website. I think it might be available in the US
174343427,"There is a clinical trial (NCT03397134) underway scheduled to complete in March 2020. These almost never end on time. Apparently recruitment has been slow, and they are still recruiting so my guess is it will end sometime after March 2020. They’ll spend some time analyzing the results and making an application to the FDA if the results were positive. The FDA will take 4 months to a year or so to approve or disapprove it, and then it usually takes awhile (months or more) to make it to pharmacies. My guess is it could possibly be approved in 2021 if the phase 3 trial is a success - which we don’t know yet."
176006830,Yes. December is a pretty rough time for me too.
176006831,"I Never Got A “cake day”. But!, Thanx For The Kindness. (By) (The) (Way), Not Really Interested In Cake. I Never Been One Into Sugary Sweets. Jus Too Much. Keeps It Cools!. Sincerely, DJ _PERSON_ Beat _PERSON_ (sleepoptimistic)"
176006832,Think I am going to get some gummies first. If I like the CBD experience I will venture onto the hemp hash. Paraphernalia is legal over here so will buy a pipe. I don’t want to mix it with tobacco
176006833,"Im sorry in the same situation, denied pip three times… with the employment support I believe you can work part time im not sure"
176006834,The big question is how are you with stress? It used to easily overwhelm me in the first several years of my illness and every time I failed at something it made me suicidal. That can be a lot to deal with. I worked in the beginning of my illness and I couldn’t keep a job for longer than a few months. Now I work full time again but I can handle moderate amounts of stress again. I am used to working high stress jobs. Before I got sick I was a stress monster but I think it was all the stress that got me sick in the first place. If I couldn’t handle stress again I wouldn’t have risked it. It took me 11 years to get comfortable with stress again. Good luck.
176006835,I wouldn’t do stimulants… Bit risky
176006836,"The pale lights, Staggering across the streets, Amidst the houses, row by row, Illuminating the darkness, Or so to speak, With the moon, Casting, An everglow."
176006837,I think hapkido teachers are very passionate about Korean culture. Glad to hear that you got to learn something from him
176006838,Exactly! Omg they don’t realize they create a negative environment for others by doing that.
176006839,"some people have suggested on here that our voices are demons or something linked to spiritual warfare idk, maybe he’s trying to be helpful, some of your closest friends will tell you things you maybe don’t want to hear."
176006840,"I’ve tried chamomile tea, I actually drink a cup every night"
176006841,The college may have something in place for students with disabilities. How would you find out?
176006842,"I’d really like to know what to do. Iv been working out for a full year and I haven’t lost any weight. I eat my breakfast which is a big bowl of porridge, a sandwich for lunch and a big dinner at around 7pm. At weekends the said dinner is even bigger and lashed with gravy. The cardio I do is a bike at a low to medium resistance for 30-60minutes five days a week,Iv been doing this since April 2020 when I’m not arsed doing this il go for a run, for 30minutrs. Mind you I wasn’t always consistent like for instance il go for two months 5-6 days a week then il get demoralised and stop for one to two weeks altogether. This is the only physical activity I do I lay around doing nothing for the rest of the day so this may be the reason? I can’t do any hard farm work with voices but I use that as an excuse tbh I could do a bit"
176006843,"Yeah the medicine helps a lot, maybe there are resources where you live. In _NAME_, United States I qualified for a program due to my low income and they provided me affordable psychiatric services. It was called the community services board."
176006844,"yes, that sounds right."
176006845,How much of Glycinate did you take?
176006847,"I hear you daze, yeap… It’s a tricky question. I personally complained that I am ill since kid. And maybe it would have been terrible to be on meds since kid I know… My mother also said so… I wouldn’t even have gone in an uni if I was on meds since kid, who knows yeap… It’s a hard fate in both ways… My mother said my illness is genetic. I think that my father was ill too yes… Whatever. Take care, daze ."
176006848,haha…I was not sure where this was going but Like the ending! Touche sir!
176006849,The thread title reminds me of that minor _PERSON_ hit ‘Too pooped to plop’.
176006850,I’m thinking of suicide often. It’s silly. Sun inserts suicidal thoughts in my head. I struggle. But I’m trying to laugh with the absurdity of life rather than crying
176006851,"I’m sorry you’re going through this. I also went through a divorce. My divorce was only after a four year marriage. I think it gets tougher and tougher the longer it goes. As far as what is going through your husbands head who knows. He could just be putting on a front acting like it doesn’t bother him. Rest assured though he is surely grieving just like you. It’s important to remember everybody grieves differently. I like what a previous poster said that his feelings really shouldn’t matter to you. If you are divorcing for good reasons it shouldn’t. I don’t know the whole back story and whom am I to say what are good reasons. I’m just hoping you thought this through really thoroughly. Any who, I’m thinking about you and hoping it turns out for the best"
176006852,Making a list is super helpful for remembering everything. Hope it goes well
176006853,It was the opposite with me. I was severely depressed and very suicidal and that’s all that the pdoc’s saw. They couldn’t see that I was also paranoid out of my mind as well. I had to describe it to them and complain very loudly about it repeatedly to get their attention. One nurse told me that I was “practically begging for Haldol”.
176006854,It looks very similar to the original. Good job!
174343436,I found university much easier than working lol
174343440,"It produces a tricyclic antidepressant called amoxapine as it goes through metabolism. It’s structurally similar to clozapine, but that in no way should be taken to mean it acts like clozapine. Otherwise, they’d be the same med. A lot of people get hung up on that fallacy that loxapine will work wonders like clozapine. It doesn’t. It can be sedating for some, but in general is a very mild and easy med to tolerate."
176006855,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006856,"If it were me i would ask him why im to take an injection and oral dose of the same med. you should be honest about what you feel. You dont mention why you dont want to take the extra oral pills, so i cant really do more than guess as to why this is. So whatever reason it is that you dont want to take the oral meds, you need to be upfront about it. They cant force you to take meds, at least where i live they dont force you to take meds unless you are behaving in a way that implies a danger to others or yourself. Thus you should be open with your pdoc and tell them what you want."
176006857,"Trozadone seems like a decent medication. As for the question, you’re probably as you say naturally just on a hyper side? Bipolar usually does mean so, it maybe your excercising is keeping you positive from the endorphins"
176006858,"First step is to start eating healthy. I wouldn’t focus on the bathroom scale as of right now. It is daunting and punishing when you are starting to make a lifestyle change. Unfortunately there is no quick fix to this. There’s no pill, magic words, or medical intervention that will turn this around quickly. Even bariatric surgery requires being committed to a weight loss plan for a certain amount of time, and some require a certain amount of weight loss before surgery. That is not even considering that it doesn’t fix why people overeat. I get it, I’ve been there too. I just started a healthy living journey after being morbidly obese for a long time. I am trying to be empathetic, because I can relate to the battle you’re facing. With that being said there comes a time when you just have to do something. Do anything, but you have to physically force yourself to do it. I can see that you’re scared, and I think I understand why. Does it seem like nothing can help you or that you’ll be lik
e this the rest of your life? If that’s what you’re struggling with then you have to find a way to push passed that feeling. It sucks that we have to work twice as hard to do daily living tasks, but we still have to do them. What do you think will help you? What do you want to focus on changing first? These are important questions. Medications make most people function better. Are there side effects? Absolutely, but they don’t even compare to being lobotomized."
176006859,It wasn’t so bad. The staff was grumpy. We got three meals a day and two snacks. Some of the meals were good some were not. It was really boring being cooped up in there all that time. I played a lot of cards with other patients. People would act out and the whole staff would hold them down and inject them with medication. It’s not healthy to witness that.
174343438,welcome to the forum !! looking forward to hearing more from you.
176006860,"hot bath, candles, classical music. and chocolate. and peanut butter. and a purring cat."
174343441,"I take clozapine 3 months now. Plus abilify, zyprexa, haldol etc. Lol. I am fine. Better than ever. No complaints. You?"
176006861,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_ . My pdoc only sees me for no more than 10 minutes. It’s starting to get on my nerves to be honest. Last time I had a phone session with her and it was for like 5 minutes. Getting tired of this kind of treatment.
176006862,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006863,Is anyone with you? Can you have someone be with you today so you feel safer?
176006864,I’m just sipping some coffee and finally getting rid of a headache. Wondering what’s going on with you. How are you doing tonight?
176006865,An elderly lady passed away from the coronavirus in Equador yesterday.
176006866,"I’ve been homeless many times because of stalkers. It’s true homeless showers are gross, but the things stalkers do are even worse. I’ve been healthier homeless than living in an apartment, but I DO hate being homeless."
176006867,"My Movember extravaganza, clean shaven and fresh for a nice new moustache, no beard, hopefully raise some pennies for my charity lol WIN_20191105_18_28_21_Pro.jpg 1280×720 158 KB WIN_20191105_18_46_02_Pro.jpg 1280×720 148 KB"
176006868,You should find a cologne or body spray you like and use that. It helped me stop worrying about how I smell. Now I smell the body spray and it smells clean.
176006869,Yes it does. But I believe it is a once every two week injection if I am not mistaken. At least it used to be anyway.
176006870,"_PERSON_ of course go the doctor is not smart not too. This symptoms sounds serious go doctor asap, i hope feel better."
176006871,_PERSON_ had a great song…“Should we talk about the weather?” It’s often a social lubricant to get to deeper levels of understanding with people. How are your social skills with others? As to that…how are you?
176006872,They told me it was them it felt almost surgical the way my vision split
174343449,it was good for a while but slowly i slipped into psychosis again and then suddenly i was full on psychotic and i didn’t notice it myself but my pdoc called the psych ward and a few days later i was committed…
176006873,Struggling with voices saying iam gonna get tortured forever
176006874,That’s better than I have it. I only see my pdoc as needed. I see a therapist once a week though.
176006875,"yea that is so true…, perhaps,lol"
176006876,"Your Touch On our first date we held hands, My eyes shimmered, my heart pounded, I was nervous as ever, but not at a glance. Felt as if it couldn’t get better than this, As I smiled, held conversation with you, Able to hold my head high with confidence. When I looked into your eyes, got lost in the glaze, In their mirrored appearance I was able to look through them to the other side, I was amazed. That I met this angel from His kingdom above, After all the battles I’ve previously fought, I was finally awarded with your love. Everytime we touched we became one, Never felt that way before, I became addicted to this gorgeous woman. Your lips were like candy soft and sweet, Couldn’t get over the intense reaction, My heart grew in size and skipped a beat. I fell in love with you fast and sure, That what we had would be forever, Nothing could stop it, not endure."
176006877,"I use 0.3mg Haldol and my next step is to get off. I dont feel delusional at all, but i hate how my emotions are often all over the place. F.e. I wake up and feel slightly sad and shameful about the past, i go volunteer and feel great, like im really contributing something and having good ideas, i come home i feel anxious and low and ruminate about all i have done there, that im stupid and clumsy and people might think so too. I eat and feel mostly tired and unattentive. In the evening i wake up and my thoughts are racing, first with good ideas and confidence, then with past trauma and anger. I have regularly had this for quite a while, but i havent always had this. Just the last years (im 38). Before i had deep emotions, but not these weird, fleeting, superficial ones. Wtf is this? How can i deal with it?"
176006878,i think of either blood and gore or passion as it is known for im just meh with that colour
176006879,Everybody dies eventually
176006880,I made this in hopes to clear my confession in this world. Like a lake my mind whirl I just hurl my thoughts Yo guys its my fault its my fault thank you everyone please ignore me. Reply to you all _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PH
ONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHO
NE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_ _PHONE_NO_
176006881,Therapy requires patience and effort while medications is quick easy solution. This is why most people opt medications rather than therapy. For conditions in which the individual lost insight of their illness medications and other treatment is must as therapy requires effort from the individual.
174343448,"So while talking to my kid’s school nurse we gottotalking about being low income. I said I didn’t work because of being schizoaffective . She turned and gave this surprised look and went “Really? You can’t tell. I would never have guessed!” sometimes this is flattering and other times I am like, but you don’t have any idea of how I struggle. It’s hard to look normal. Most people just think I’m a little eccentric if anything."
176006882,Seriously read what you are writing tomorrow.
176006883,I’m going to do my Christmas shopping online this weekend.
176006884,You think so? Should I drink less?
176006885,No it’s more like that…
176006886,Inserted thoughts are the only thoughts I have.
176006887,"You have to give to receive, “is that why you give” someone once asked me, I dated her after that, having met in the mental hospital, lost her number now, and anyway was scared to commit, she was already a mother, and wore slippers and a dressing gown about town, but at least she could drive, I really like her, she had proper shanks in her hair, not these tailored barbers locks that you see nowadays, just plain matted hair. Is it an obsession of mine, it was never meant to be, I did once think I should oscillate between black and white, like writing, lead and space, or drawing, a hobby I used to really love, I don’t care who I’m with, bridging gaps is not always appropriate, if ever, I just want family, but I believe in the forest, thassaki, not the single bonzai tree that’s dead. Perhaps it still clings to life, somewhere in its roots, sitting on my sill, taking on everything, stubborn as a mule, I still have hope it lives, though on some time scale I can’t comprehend, leaving in the f
uture, some three thousand years before Christ. Who invented them, I find it hard to believe they can be bred, do they flower at all, the _NAME_ blossom, in the park where I used to play, on the roundabout I fell from, in my father’s garden where I refuse to work, though he asks me time and time again, I have my own life, and talk repeatedly to my mother, crying for attention, seeking reassurances, keeping her from him."
176006888,I put up with so much crap just being mentally ill I could give a flying eff about my weight… Meh. He does not get how terrible I feel all day long. However I forgive him
174343439,"It is a very addictive benzo unfortunately. If it were me I would recommend talking to the doc about something that lasts all day. Everyone I know on xanax pops them like candy, they only last a few hours."
176006889,"Your welcome. Yes, I would try to stay away from things that causes inflammation. Also taking anti-inflammatory herbs might be helpful. By the way I think the mechanism of stress that is caused is from the medication depleting nutrients and then the body can’t produce the things it needs like hormones and signal cells and this in turn causes stress. The same principle applies when you miss nutritions because of a vegan diet."
176006890,From barefoot vegan To Coffee and a good book Thanks I’m not giving up on veganism but it’s winter now and my feet aren’t bare much now lol! And coffee and books are my other love
176006891,"Challanges: Trying to get some things in my life together really, like getting a job and girlfriend. Blessings: I had a pretty good Summer with that hiking trip and realized it is something that I want to pursue."
176006892,That looks good!
176006893,I was blind in a dream once. It wasn’t nice
176006894,"I take 24 mgs of perphenazine too, along with other meds. I got akathesia at first but it went away."
176006895,giggles _PHONE_NO_
176006896,"Okay, here’s what I’ve got so far. Is it a country song? Alt, grunge, rock and roll? How you hear it in your head? Survive Another Midnight I know sometimes it gets you down When you’ve done the best you can But Olde Man Fate, has knocked you flat And you’re in the dark again Don’t tell me you can’t make it Because I know damn well you will I know you feel like ???? right now And the voices haunt you, still [ CHORUS ] But I’ll be there come your midnight A friend to Hold Your Hand And survive another Midnight Any way we can"
176006897,Tons of stuff on here that I cant relate too or dont know what to say.
176006898,"well youll never know until you try you can certainly improve your life by doing any of the above the meds idea, u shouldn’t even think about coming off anything until you have a full action plan with coping mechanisms that work and stuff. and it wouldnt mean that your symptoms couldnt come back because they definitely could come back. So if you dont have all the skills in place solid it could be pretty rocky. and of course discuss with your pdoc."
176006899,You mean tonight as in June 11th?
176006900,"This all sounds very odd, and a bit controlling, I don’t think he is the problem"
176006901,_PERSON_ made me not fear death because it took my life. I am already dead.
176006902,"I used to shower daily. Now I have trouble showering more than twice a week. I do like feeling refreshed and clean after a shower. I’d suggest maybe you try to make an effort to shower at least twice a week, you’ll feel better."
174343453,That does sound similar. Are you in italy?
176006903,I can?t find his place of employment. I was hoping he worked at a university so you could contact him there. What you can do is contact the publisher.
176006904,"I am in a similar situation. My job has been super stressful, high pressure, and I really don’t like it. I am scared to go on disability because of financial reasons. It wouldn’t be enough. But then again I don’t know how long I can keep working this job, and I haven’t been able to get another job yet. I don’t even know what other job I can do. I would suggest to try to keep working, but if you do go on disability, it doesn’t mean you won’t thrive. like you said, now you’ll have more time for other things"
174343447,Tried listening to it in the past but it didnt work. It may be slightly relaxing… i guess.
176006905,I’m hoping it’s just a hallucination and they’re not. But if people are then they’re just miserable people trying to bring other people into their misery
176006906,"I still haven’t received anything. I’ve been to irs.gov, but couldn’t learn anything."
176006907,"There are no concentration camps where people are killed like that in Nazi Germany in China. Re-education camps and production factories are used to utilize the skills of human capital. But also, China is the most populous nation on planet earth so it is expected there would be a wide variety and range of people that would not conform to laws & regulation of the government. There are Asian countries that view human rights differently than Western countries."
176006908,"So what we are supposed to do with this “neuro plasty”. Just get up tomorrow and say im not SZ, and those 4 meds i take are for sick people and just stop taking them?"
176006909,heres a video to set the mood THRILLER YEA BUDDY!
176006910,I’m sorry I cant give you good news. I’m a girl and would like to keep the boob growth.
174343450,"ok , i think it is a symptom for schizophrenia with obsessive compulsive disorder"
176006911,Whether progress is quick or slow it’s still progress.
176006912,People here >>> “normal” people any day tbh I’ve had enough of so-called normal people
176006913,Aww that’s a sad thought. I’m in the same boat as you _AT_MENTION_ . My parents are in their mid and late 80s. I will miss them when it’s time to go. Makes me very sad.
176006914,"_AT_MENTION_ Thanks! I think it just takes a long time when we’re on antipsychotics. How can a drug that returns me to high functioning so well be so frustrating when I’m trying to control my weight? I’ll never stop fighting that side effect though. Even maintaining is better than gaining. I just wish it wasn’t so hard. _AT_MENTION_ It was a mix. I had a couple of days under 1300 and a couple under 1400. I was trying to shake things up as best I could while staying in my ranges. I think your sister is right, that is kinda smart. Eating too little only slows down your metabolism. It’s hard though because I know the Zyprexa I take wants to make me put on weight, and I’m fighting that while trying to lose. I think 1260 or 1290 is enough calories though, I don’t think I ate too little those days."
176006915,I wish I didn’t have Aspergers.
176006916,I’m so tired of my mom personality. I cry almost every day because of her. So tired of this…i have to deal with this all my life. She have a son and daughter that don’t talk to her at all. I wish…
174343451,"I understand. It’s the drugs that put us in a bad way. I have used alcohol, porn and gambling as a way to escape from the reality that the ap is inducing. Right now I’m on the straight and narrow though. I think it’s mainly because I am able to be on a low dose of ap’s. And also supplementing seems to help a lot. It’s easy to gain weight on zyprexa. I have to be careful what I eat, and not eat too much. I think the drug impairs the metabolism and/or that the body eats as a self defence mechanism against zyprexa since having food in the system thins out the drug. If I take my drugs on a empty stomach it probably hits me 3 times as hard as normal, I try to never do that anymore."
176006917,"I wanted pasta tonight. So I saved my calories to allow me to have 2 cups of angel hair. That’s way to much carbs for a diabetic like me. I had the protein plus angel hair which is a better choice but still… In the future, I need to stick to one serving, which is 1 cup."
176006918,About how they thought of you. Not believing in us might be all in their lazy mind. They just don’t want to work to teach us.
174343461,Don’t think it’s from Abilify. it has lowered my paranoia a little bit. Wish it was more.
176006919,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
176006920,Had my first psychosis at 30 years of age. 7 years coming up in March.
176006921,It can belong to SZ. Thats what i learnt.
176006922,"I don’t think there are paths in life. I think people tell you there are when you’re younger, But its a myth. You have to carve your own way out of the Earth."
176006923,I’m scared too What can we do?
176006924,20200211_120231~22262×3138 2.21 MB
176006925,"Brain training games improves cognition, its always best to exercise your body and mind to keep it fit. Mental diseases can cause decline in cognition but there is always room for improvement."
176006926,"I went through a short period where I was abusing alcohol. I wasn’t addicted to it however. I was just drinking in order to justify and fit in with the Alcoholics Anonymous meetings I was attending. I was lonely and very psychotic and I needed their support. In reality, alcohol always triggers migraines in me. So, for me, drinking is pure Hell."
174343454,"Based on what you’ve said this sounds like schizophrenia. If this is new then you are getting worse. Just reason to see a pdoc again, maybe they can make a tweak to your meds. I’m sorry to hear you are going through a rough time. Best of luck."
174343460,Yes stopping AP drugs causes positive symptoms even if you have no positive symptoms before started taking AP drugs. Reason is when you take AP dopamine level is decreased so dopamine receptors is more sensitized. So when you stop AP those sensitized dopamine receptors get a huge rush of dopamine which can result in positive symptoms ranging from simple anxiety to psychosis.
176006927,"I wrote this article. I live in Korea and I’ve seen it all. The disputes, the angry glances at my mom because she’s a parent of a disabled child, and the angry people against schizophrenics. I’ve seen it all. I don’t hate Koreans. I’m Korean, after all. But I cannot stay silent. I’ve been having nightmares about living here and it’s driving me into so much sadness."
176006928,I see a turtle come out of his shell and doing a disco dance.
176006929,Hey I just started kinda dieting (controlling calories) at the same time as you… And sometimes I food indulge aswell.
176006930,I sleep 9 hrs a night and walk 10 miles a day. I’m still tired throughout the day. Its the antipsychotic!
176006931,"It really doesn’t help my appetite all that much and I think it’s triggering my excoriation disorder even worse than before. Of course it could just be stress that’s triggering it but I’m not sure stress has done that in the past. I don’t know. I’m seeing my doctor today, I’ll ask her."
174343457,"I know… I dont know what the cause is. Some say it is exactly the fact that no meds are used, that makes people recover better. Some say it is the social ties. Im sorry you are so alone. Im not fully alone (I have my child, whom i have a good relationship with), but i lack other good family relations too."
176006932,"I do feel more at ease now realizing that a place near Indonesia shook a few days before. The Samoa one gets me still but thinking rationally, that is a natural disaster that occurs once every few years. After all, California has earthquakes often too."
176006933,Beautiful I wish I could go somewhere like that. Hope you had a good time out there.
176006934,"en.wikipedia.org Expressed emotion Expressed emotion (EE), is a measure of the family environment that is based on how the relatives of a psychiatric patient spontaneously talk about the patient. It specifically measures three to five aspects of the family environment: the most important are critical comments, hostility, emotional over-involvement, with positivity and warmth sometimes also included as indications of a low-EE environment. The psychiatric measure of expressed emotion is distinct from the general notion of comm A hig... I improved mental _NAME_ wise when I met wife in hospital . My father,at the time, was very much a ‘I’m the boss, so don’t cross me’ type of person . My mother something of a problem drinker, and prone to suggesting I was getting ill again if I didn’t agree with her. My sister then, and even now to some extent , resented the attention I got. The fact it was often very negative didn’t matter. My mental health problems added to the things my parents used to s
ay they were arguing with each other over."
176006935,I’ve always been in a panic that death will be early for me This has made me panic a lot and i’ve spent a lot of time being checked out for everything while i’ve been completely healthy the main reason for that would be because i want something to be caught early so that i can have better chances of recovery I think i only fear the fact of dying i think it will bring out of this world panic and fear and pain but on the other hand i feel it could be a really beautiful spiritual moment i currently believe our soul sticks around for about 4 days i don’t remember what faith that is but I met my sister’s soul after she had died
176006936,There’s no proof this place even exist
176006937,You serve your time. Multiple accounts aren’t allowed here either.
176006938,Also I have Asperger’s already
176006939,My main voice (not a persons voice) told me that it is in full control of me and could make me do whatever it wants. I think that’s what’s called a delusion of control This doesn’t sound the same as yours though.
176006940,"Using narcotic pain or cough medications together with other medications that also cause central nervous system depressioncan lead to serious side effects including respiratory distress, coma, and even death. https://www.drugs.com/interactions-check.php?drug_list=1770-0,2330-1540 Statistically, oxycodone doesn’t work long term for pain management anyways, and actually worsens pain over time."
176006941,"Yes, I agree it’s expensive here in the USA. Glad I have insurance to help."
176006942,I am not a psychiatrist so it could be the antidepressant that caused it temporarily idk Ask him if it could be that.
176006943,"I think I knew even before I was diagnosed sza (back in January 2015). I was struggling to work in early to mid 2012 and I ended up having to quit that job after only 8 months. I was out of work without disability payments for 8 more months, then worked just under two years somewhere else. Halfway through my last job, I was hallucinating figures in my office and hearing voices all the time. I was deeply paranoid about my co-workers plotting against me. Something was seriously wrong. My previous pdoc insisted on psychotic depression, but my sza symptoms still roared even when my depression was under control. In desperation, I got a new pdoc for another opinion. She said it was classic sza. I had previously been treated with large doses of depression meds and small doses of APs, but the new pdoc reversed that formula and I started to slowly stabilize. I went on long-term disability from my last job, which I really needed. When I got diagnosed sza, everything seemed to make sense, and it was easy for 
me to accept because I was so grateful to finally have the right answer. The large dose of Haldol kept my voices at bay, but not my paranoia, so there was still room for improvement. Now I am on a low-dose of Zyprexa and low doses of Lexapro and Lamictal and I am back to normal (as long as I stay on my meds of course). It’s been a long time getting here though. I never had a problem accepting my sza because I already suspected it on my own."
176006944,"I suffer with the same fear, i also search me up, nothing came up. i realize i was suffering with paranioa. Dont worry its just a delusion im with you, i know how you feel, its scary. if you need to talk about it im here. I understand."
176006945,"She did a week ago… Sorry I don’t know anything about blood work, I’m out of the loop. I didn’t mean to interrogate you"
176006946,Did you poke it with a stick?
176006947,"I fight with this too. I just try to keep in mind the result of the bath. I lost many of my activities, so this feels like the last effort I need to make still. I just think, that ill be cleaner after the shower, that’s all, try it"
176006948,"Could just be spikes of depression. I used to get it with nicotine, sometimes with too much or too little sleep."
176006949,I take 10 mg at night and that’s it
176006950,"I think your secretly advertising mcds lol it reminds me when I was roaming in the streets like a crazy person with psychosis a while ago, found an uneaten cheese burger in the basura and I ate it… I thought it was a blessing then…"
176006951,I’ll have to keep an eye out for it. Sounds interesting.
176006952,"Im sure theres people flying under the radar. I am for example, no one at my school knows Im sz that I know of, unless you count my “neighbors” which are probably just voices Either way youre the only one strong enough to do it out in the open so hats off to you man"
176006953,Hope you enjoy the concert and have a pleasant move how are you doing?
176006954,Thank you very kindly _AT_MENTION_ (((hugs)))
176006955,Nice article…
176006956,Well at least you feel better now…right?
176006957,3/4 of the time you don’t even see the guy.
176006958,"No offense, but to me, this sounds like an excuse. As bad as your symptoms are while you’re on the meds, I’ve learned the hard way that they’re so much worse without it. It’s like they’re barely keeping me sane, as if a single missing piece on a track causing a train to derail."
176006959,still on invega now?
176006960,Aparently Thorazine was a pig tranquilizer before it got used on humans lol
176006961,I was around 27 years old. I think I had a decade long prodromal phase of isolation and weird ass thinking
174343466,I keep fighting for a good life it might not be the most normal but a life can still be good for a schizophrenic
176006962,I love you. You are valuable.
176006963,Other than the coronavirus I’m not sure.
176006964,I take invega susstenna shots well as perphenazine.
176006965,"d00d, we all go through bad patches. You can’t be up without also being down at points. Just keep doing all of the things you’re supposed to be doing and this too shall pass."
176006966,That’s great news !
176006967,"PubMed Novel, Non-Nitrocatechol catechol-O-methyltransferase Inhibitors Modulate... These results demonstrate that LIBD-1 is a novel COMT inhibitor with promising in vivo activity and the potential to serve as a new therapy for cognitive impairment."
176006968,I am 39 and got my vaccine a week ago. I think the mental illness might make us eligible at this time
176006969,Yes he is very sensitive and understanding.
176006970,"_AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Sometimes I react to impulses. Also from other people including strangers. I often hear that it’s considered effeminate or even insane. It’s just that sometimes you get lucky and you get what you want. Like today I was drinking camomile when 2 busses arrived at the same time. I feel very good about the city I’m in but I was unlucky with the busses to begin with. I noticed the time when it happened. It was 9.36 it’s now 13.17, and the bus line is 5. The other bus that’s there is 34 and it had already passed me. That was a problem. I think the two other busses were meant to meet at that time but how do I prove it. In the city I’m in they believe in equality which I’m going to call 69. Today is 79 days from Christmas. _PERSON_ used the bus once in a while for 126 days. I want to prove that the two busses were meant to meet and that the impulse was ok. In some cultures such as South east Asian these things matter. So 936/5 and 1137/34 is 
187.2 and 33._PHONE_NO_ So equality is 69 I don’t like _PERSON_ and then 33.44 / 7 and plus 0.76470 = 5.5418. So I say 55 the number of the bus lines 5 four (for) 18. 5 for 18. Meaning I can believe that If I want (18 is legal age). But is true??? So equality is 69 and 76470 and that’s what people back home think I’m doing when not on hormonally destroying pills. So I get the number 6764709 starting from behind and going with the numbers on the keypad on my Samsung. O g z f e I . on going zen feeling entering low ride bus. I did this by looking at my keypad then going with the numbers from either side down and up."
176006971,When did they find out? Are they or you going to hospital?
176006972,I’m glad your sister is there for you. When I went through my divorce I was alone and had no support and I freaked out and crashed and went to the hospital. It’s been several years but my brother came back into my life and now things are going better. Good luck on your move
176006973,What’s a PCP? _PHONE_NO_
176006974,Census takers. At least not with fava beans.
176006975,I was grandiose since childhood. I had paranoia anxiety fear persecutory ideas since childhood also
176006976,Sometimes i can and other times i can’t. It really depends on the situation. How long have you been feeling depressed?
176006977,"That’s what they put down as my allergic reaction to Latuda and Geodon, increases psychotic tendencies. So those are no no on my list of meds. I flipped furniture and just went bonkers after 1 dose it was bad."
176006978,Thank you. I love kitties.
176006979,"I need heavy duty hoodies for winter, 2 of them"
176006980,"Never looked at it that way, good point"
176006981,"Any time of happiness I think back to when I was Manic in 2014 and wish I was manic again, I was super Manic at the time and while sectioned in hospital I had such an amazing time and felt with one with everybody. I miss being manic."
176006982,Welcome to the forum _AT_MENTION_ ! It must be so nice to feel like your old self again. And now that you know the warning signs you can get in to see your pdoc immediately so you don’t have a huge psychotic break again. That’s great!
176006983,"I think you just need leadership, because they’re are so many criminals. They won’t let anyone live. They have a fit about me living in poverty and I would have about a $50,000 pension, if it weren’t for people like them."
174343468,"Yeah I’ve had religious delusions, I was raised in a strict cultish like church, then I became a very strict religious person during my teenage years, after all this and a painful relationship, it made psychosis happen, without all this unnecessary stuff, stress is gone"
176006984,No sorry i prefer to keep anonymous on this forum. Cheers Level
176006985,How long did it take for the sexual side effects to go away after stopping risperidone? I stopped risperdal consta at the end of July but am still experiencing numbness down there.
176006986,"totally hear you. I wanted a dog, then I met _NAME_, my kids dad. still not sure which loving making love and loving is better."
176006987,"ok, will keep that in mind. maybe i can’t handle it, im hoping for dunkin donuts personally, as i would like to work mornings and have afternoons and evening free for errands, dr’s appts, and relaxing/hobbies. i only want to work mornings so pizza hut isn’t ideal either i decided, when im fresh, and i don’t get voices in the morning anymore also after a full night’s sleep."
176006988,are you on CTO? that would be horrifying to me I guess it is a part of psychosis in general.
176006989,"This is going to sound weird, but you could use a metronome… when I played the piano, it was very useful. There’s the old fashioned kind… then, there’s the newer type, which is digital… much easier to use and less expensive. Do you know what a metronome is?"
176006990,"Hang in there and keep going. I see that you have some anger, I recommend to direct that towards self respect and fight for who you are instead of letting the world try to break you. I can relate to a lot of what you say, and the only thing that got me out of that funk was to start to stand up for myself and what I believe."
176006991,"Seroquel XR works for me for MDD.But Remeron,as antidepressant is similar to trazodone,works for me better for sleep.Antidepressant properties of Remeron wears off in a while,but both my sister and I use it for a sleep.It knocks me out like nothing else at doses 15 mg or 30 mg."
174343471,"I find that hard to believe. Because it’s not true. But it sounds like you have it really rough in your country. Are you seeing any doctor or therapist? Because human contact really helps a person. When I believe terrible things about myself, I take every opportunity that comes up to tell myself I’m not a bad person. I remind myself of all the positive, good things my family tells me about myself. I remind myself that I treat people with respect, and if I can somehow help someone in any way I’ll do it, and it helps me feel good about myself. You have a golden opportunity by finding this site. I learned in AA, CA, and NA that many addicts and alcoholics hate themselves for all the people they hurt during their drinking or using drugs and for all the pain and disappointment they caused their families and friends. They come to AA broken and feeling their lowest and have a very poor self image. They have no love for themselves or others But AA tells them, “We will love you until you learn to lo
ve yourself.” This forum will kinda work like that too. You will find friendly people who will share there experience, strength and hope to help one other struggling schizophrenics. And as an added bonus this site can be funny, entertaining and interesting. We all hate ourselves sometimes but there’s always nice people here to help, and offer support and try to help people feel good about themselves and cheer them up. We’re not doctors or mental health professionals and we’re not magic but we know a lot about living with schizophrenia and we give tips on how to get through problems and survive that worked for us and might work for you too. Stick around and you will find open-minded, accepting people here. I’ll leave you with another AA saying that gets said at every meeting and is apt here: “Remember, we all have each other.”"
176006992,"the camouflage I well wear, to hide my affair with all my flaws that make me look bad,in a normal pattern of my life. you can call me normbe."
176006993,What was his MOS?
176006994,Read _PERSON_.
176006995,tricky…
176006996,Volunteering is good and so is rest with sz. Make sure you get some downtime and unwind. Stress is my biggest problem as it brings on my symptoms so making sure I get rest after a big day is a must. Hope you have another good one tomorrow.
176006997,"Is this it? If not, is it the same singer ? _USER_ID_: I’m pretty sure that’s it and the singer is definitely _NAME_."
176006998,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176006999,"I can relate. Some places the cops are better at being compassionate and not overly reactive. It would be nice if more law enforcement officers knew how to respond to mental health situations. If you feel better disclosing your mental illness in your community then that’s a really good thing. But I think people are speaking from experience, it’s always good to be cautious about who you disclose personal information to. It’s your business really. I wouldn’t tell the DMV I have “schizophrenia or bipolar” because I’m a good driver and don’t have any points and I don’t want anything to impede my driving record or get in the way. Plus schizophrenia has nothing to do with my driving. I take meds I don’t have hallucinations or anything when driving. So why would I need to divulge my history?"
176007000,"Nice! Do you climb indoors or outdoors? I did both, it was my favourite activity for ages."
176007001,"Hahah thanks! It’s a minor accomplishment, but at least I kept myself cool"
176007002,Yes- but was thinking of the wider picture re those with severe mental illness and priority for vaccination . Hopefully others will add the situation in their country.
176007003,Falling in love With each other’s flaws… I still look at women But they avert their eyes…
176007004,Sorry to hear you struggle as well _AT_MENTION_
176007005,2.5 years sober is great. But this is a reminder that it’s 24 hours at a time for all of us. Stay away from the alcohol right now. Just got to make it through the next 24 hours.
174343477,"So, are you saying Rexulti makes you less drowsy than Abilify does? If so, how do you know?"
176007006,I just heard my cousin laugh out loud at me and he is in the other room. I think he is watching me on his phone.
176007007,Sometimes failure Isn’t an option So something Will be figured out.
176007008,"I deal too with feelings to be a psycho… I see you, its painful. But yeah, we should believe in ourselves more etc. We fight and I believe in us. None of a psycho or a sociopath suffers from remords I think… Its good to surround with people who can help us, but its hard I know. Most of my friends are ill and they cant calm me down often either… I think too, that my family thinks I am a psycho. Besides this, my mom thinks that ill never recover which is quite hard too. But try to take care of yourself and lets try to give us some peace of mind too . Hugs"
176007009,"Hmm. . . Well, Waking Up And Still _USER_ID_. Mostly From Medications In The Night. Takes A Bit To Fully Recover. Not Sure If A Song Will Be Posted Today. Kinda Trying To Focus In Other Areas. Sadly. But!, All Is Well. I’m Going Through My Personal Recommendations And Lists On YouTube For Song’s I Love To Sing Along With. Seems To Keep Me On Track. Hope Everyone Is Staying Safe Today."
176007010,"Yeah I feel this. I had no chores at all until I was 13 years old and my twin sisters were born and my mom just couldn’t handle everything anymore. I was hugely spoiled as a child. Even then my primary chore was just babysitting, and when my sisters got older I didn’t have that anymore. Being on my own at college helped me to become more independent but really I’m pretty useless when it comes to basic life stuff."
174343473,Yes I’m also on abilify and I can only enjoy TV or programme if its VERY entertaining so I have only watched like two series of programmes in 3 years and one movie perhaps
174343475,"I take clozapine as a last resort medication because I’ve been on everything and none of it works - Its not a God send, however I have far less panic and mania - I’m not ripping hair out or pacing and crying having an episode - now the biggest problem for me is that it never takes long to freak out Even a day without it - sometimes I have peace enough to get through a movie, mostly I’m isolating myself, visions are like a full time job, I like friends at a distance, I dunno, i feel like the best I can say is that clozapine cant take issues away, it just makes them easier to cope with … Hope this helps"
176007011,Now … consider the Larch Of which The Wardrobe Maid Lying There In Uncles Estate _PERSON_
176007012,I was 23 when I first experienced psychosis. I’m still trying to figure out if I had a prodomal phase or not.
176007013,"At the same time something about hating can sometimes feel good, ya know?, but overall it does not feel good, especially in the long run."
176007014,People insisted that it was shrunk. I mean they got out a ruler and measured.
176007015,My manager knows. It’s a government job though so it’s not gonna be easy to get rid.
176007016,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176007017,‘Maybe Even Become The Greatest Artist to The Aliens Living Beyond The Edges That We Can Witness With Our Greatest Technology’.~ ThanX Splice & Dice (!!!)… . …
176007018,"_AT_MENTION_ It’s not realistic that you continue without case management. You were calling for help because you weren’t doing well. You aren’t going to do any better without treatment. The forum is wonderful and it plays a very important role, but it is not enough. I’m in the same place as you. I quit IOP because I felt frustrated that I wasn’t receiving help, but it was the wrong decision. It didn’t solve anything. We both need support. We aren’t ill enough to be in the hospital, but we are too ill to function well in every day life. Listen to suggestions here on how to find new and better support. Are there peer specialists in your area? Also, I know you don’t want to go to the hospital, but if you do, you can go for a few days and let them help you build a better-for-you treatment team."
176007019,"Sometimes it happens during sleep and stomach acid gets up to my mouth, it burns my esophagus."
176007020,you can have insight and be delusional though rare
176007021,basically yes 1515
176007022,"I have many delusions about God and Earth, spiritual warfare, voices and visions – does anyone else feel this way, how do you make it stop?"
176007023,"Probably have it everyday, with other types of symptoms, racing thoughts, disorganized thoughts, anxiety."
174343470,Do you have constant anxiety I pretty much have it all time I do a lot of walking that helps I’m trying to face my fears more now For instance I used to avoid train journeys for years but now I go on the train quite frequently
174343476,I think the problem is a lot of dorks feel superior to schizophrenia and feel compelled to prove their superiority illegally. I hate the way certain people try to persecute you with stupid discriminatory behavior. They really act like they’re insane.
176007024,"I heard voices in the shower, sounded like people chanting. Also when i would put a cup down on the counter, it sounded like someone called my name. This never used to happen when i didnt have sz… i dont hear it as much anymore though on medication."
176007025,You let the chance of a lifetime slip by. Nonsense. Voices only say nonsense.
176007026,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_-- your tip about grounding yourself with physical details is great, I’m going to try that in case I get symptoms again. And you’re right, things are always better the next day"
176007027,"So sorry for your loss, it is tough. Wishing you strength and sending caring thoughts."
176007028,I did not recover on the meds I was taking from the years 1991 through 2015. I did finally recover on the meds I’ve been taking from 2016 through 2020.
176007029,My uncle was diagnosed with sz when he was young. I haven’t talked with him about it
176007030,Hang in there _AT_MENTION_ . Word of mouth is good. Get to selling your stuff to friends and family and get a good name. Even Nike had to start somewhere!
176007031,I started becoming poor in math and other things at around 14. Had a depressive break at 23. Psychotic at 29. I still remember bad ocd behavior in the first year of school.
176007032,"Even I used to faint, pdoc checked and said to have some salt or pickle with food. By the way its just me not sure about others. And yeah also have food on time, I used to skip breakfast which was also one of the reasons."
176007033,"Look up on reddit the man who died twice for a few minutes, it says the exact thing. And he was in clinical death"
176007034,"Only if _NAME_ had an n after the r. Then again, you must be joking."
174343490,But this is for Bipolar… does it look promising for schizophrenia?
174343480,I a few months ago I started to get OCD symptoms and I shared with my doc. He said it was because of the risperidone and he prescribed me zotepine(it’s not available in the US or UK). But he wanted me to go back to abilify which I said to him that I already done it and I had bad results with it. In the end after 1 month or so I started to feel better and OCD didn’t disturb me as it used to.
176007035,"These depend on the location of the injury. Personality and social behavior is in the frontal lobes, he lost those and his personality. He wasn’t normal anymore."
176007036,Kind of related. My brother was selling his hockey gear and a guy on Facebook Marketplace was interested in only buying his used cup and jock strap. He asked him to wear the cup without a base layer before selling it to him. My brother blocked him.
176007037,"As long as you’re in control. Good seeing you, _AT_MENTION_-Sunshine."
176007038,A few weeks? A month? But you’d do quite a number to your body.
176007039,"This one time two years ago I got into a new field of work, self employed and all, felt great, I was really doing it, then for no reason at all it was like all my energy was zapped out of me. I’m on paxil, which was changed recently from ciprolex, since OCD and PTSD are apparently better treated with paxil, im hopeful in a few weeks it will be a bit better. My doc started me on modafinil, which was upon my request after reading about its efficacy in treating cognitive deficits in schizophrenics, thus alleviating negative symptoms too. We’re still playing with the dosage, but I think once I’m on a higher dose of it with the other meds I’m on too, it should work out pretty nicely. Also my doc lowered my injection from 150 to 100 of invega, so that’ll help probably too. Idk, long reply, but I have hope. This forum is a great place to spitball and swap stories."
176007040,That’s so sad. Why does psychosis always want us to kill ourselves. It’s a really serious illness I guess it’s just the overwhelmingness of the disease.
176007041,I used to get very drowsy after I ate. But it was mostly because I ate too much then. Some people love the act of sleeping like a favorite passtime.
176007042,"I’m still hoping to- get a nice job find a nice woman and settle down learn piano I’m going to keep these things in my prayers, the main thing is probably to meet someone and hopefully we can have kids, i’m getting old now though time is ebbing away"
176007043,Ok I will try it too lol. 600 grams 2.50 = hmmmmmmm i know its a ratio problem 800 grams 3.50 just dont know how to set it up. maybe need to get it down to price per 1 gram first?
176007044,In Greek. I dont like e books. I prerer paper. Did you read anything interesting lately?
176007045,This happened at one hospital I was in.
176007046,"I thought this way nearly thirty years ago and then things got better. I’ve had a family, a career, and a good life. There’s hope, so don’t give up. Just understand that success doesn’t fall out of the sky, it’s a mountain you have to climb."
174343478,There has been accounts on Google and YouTube where some people dealt with their schizophrenia through raw vegan diet mainly the 80/10/10 diet.How is it possible that this diet can treat schizophrenia.Any informative reply would be appreciated because I would really like to understand the science behind it.
176007047,"So I have been failing at budgeting for the first time ever this year. I have always managed to budget properly in the past. The failure came about by trying to budget for the future, not the present. Whilst I was just living day to day, I spent exactly as much as I received. Now that I am trying to budget for the future, I have been getting into difficulties. Such is the nature of budgeting. This is a skill I need to learn if I am to live a life of a normie, but do I want to, isn’t it better to live in the present, to spend for the present, not to be lost in past and future fantasies. I think it boils down to whether I want to be a normie or remain an SZ. We shall have to see how this pans out. Thank you."
176007048,"If you asked me, the point would be to suffer and be tortured by otherworldly tyrannical beings who are ??????? full of themselves."
176007049,Don’t ask Appointee for money! Don’t drink Alcohol from 3rd October October 2020 1st Oct - save for holiday - £146.18 6th Oct - Jacamo - £50 8th Oct - save for holiday - £117.82 16th Oct - start to save -£100 23rd Oct - save for holiday - £85 29th Oct - save for holiday - £30 November 2020 3rd Nov - jacamo £50 6th Nov - save for holiday - £100 Holiday paid 13th Nov - save - £85 20th Nov - start to save - £100 27th Nov - save - £40 December 2020 3rd Dec - save- £85 - (spending money £50) 10th Dec - save - £85 17th Dec - start to save - £100 24th Dec - save - £85 31st Dec - save - £50 ** Ireland Holiday payment from _NAME_** Thursday 10th September - PAID - £100 Thursday 8th October - Thursday 5th November - Thursday 3rd December - Thursday 31st December Thursday 28th January
176007050,(_NAME_)
176007051,"My friend just changed her name. Her new name is a wild one, but everyone is respecting it. I think you are probably having mental issues surrounding your name because it causes you stress and we all know what stress does to us."
176007052,Hi ? have one question for sz patients who see visual hallucinations.do you see visual hallucinations when you close your eyes too?
176007053,"That drugs a weird one, some people love it or some people hate it, I’ve never really say anyone say “yeah its ok” eg. Personally I dont like it, They told me it help with anxiety. all it did was make me feel like a zombie all day. So i switched back to benzos again, i use etizolam or diazepam during the day and nitrazepam at night. I did think the amitriptyline would be good for at night instead of using two benzos every day. It did get me to sleep but apparently on two seperate occasions my ex woke up and i was out the bed, jusrt looking in the fridge one time and the other time walking along the hall. She had to shake the ???? out of me cos I wasn’t responding to her talking. I dono if its just me this happens with but thats the only two times ive sleepwalked in my life (that I know off) . I handed the rest of them back into the pharmacy. I’ll never take one of those things again."
176007054,I don’t have sleep issues but I took Melatonin when I had insomnia long time ago and it worked.
176007055,I’ve never been any good at making small talk. Most of my life I’ve been a loner. It seems like I always say the wrong thing.
176007056,we got out first case here in our city today
176007057,How long have you been feeling like this? I also lack concentration. Can only read short stories and can’t watch Tv. Do you have any other symptoms?
176007058,"Just read the last five pages of my text book for a third time. Not really making my target of reading it ten times in the month, it being the 22nd, but everything is progress. Thank you."
176007059,? ? didn t get it sorry…?
176007060,"If you are really living with the sz condition,and you see aspects of difference / contracdiction between the fabricated stories scenarios of social drama films / horror movies and the realities events of the coexistence with sz condition Why you do not write / express about the nature of sz’s nature as you living with it ! Do it instead of blaming the media ,sitting still or even expressing annoyance from naive movies be written by who is without actual personal experience with sz and do not know anything about"
176007061,What are your reasons for such a belief?
174343484,Which brand would recommend for l theanine? Has anyone tried Suntheanine?
176007062,"I went from sane to eccentric to no insight to major depression to regaining insight to becoming less depressed. Now I just deal with voices and the occasional image in my mind, no delusions or paranoia anymore. It’s been 5 and a half years since the illness started for me. Very fast progression through the stages I listed."
176007063,"it helps indeed but only at 400mg, both for akathisia and sleep, i might try to work again with the help of l-theanine but does it last for hours ?"
176007064,I feel like I’m suffocating but I’m breathing at the same time? I’m not psychotic but I’m really depressed. It’s like having a disease that slowly kills you.
176007065,Stink bomb comment? What do you mean?
176007066,"Not worried about Covid-19 at all been through at last worse with Paranoid Schizophernia tbh.Don’t get why so many healthy people are so paranoid about it,medics around the world seem do have different opinions about it all the time tbh aswell"
176007067,"I don’t care much for the “word police”. If someone wants to say these words or phrases, I’m fine with it. People are too sensitive."
176007068,"This “brains in a vat”, are we discussing the movie matrix or not 332?"
176007069,That’s great _AT_MENTION_! Best of everything!!!
176007070,Im not sure if I am going to stop taking it
176007071,150 is a lot. I do at most 80 and karate once or twice a week. I would not have the self discipline to do a martial art online though there are a lot of good YouTube tutorials to get tips from. The gyms seems unnecessary because pushups and curls suffice-- you are jacked! – but maybe a dojo is more necessary.
175084359,"On one hand the vaccine will have been rushed through, so the question remains is it safe? On the other, it may not be mandated but it will be like in the first world war if you didn’t volunteer to fight, they sent you a white feather to pressure you socially into doing it."
176007072,I don’t think so. Not heard of that before
176007073,Dog. Just no idea what it means…our year is winning though!
176007074,I am on medication. But it’s just not helping after a psychotic episode. So it sucks.
176007075,"I’m the one thst said that. Phentermine did suppress my appetite well, but the energy boost you get wears off because your body builds a tolerance pretty quickly. So don’t get too used to that boost."
176007076,Your data suggest weak automatic preference for Male/Female over Androgynous people. I didn’t really think about androgynous people before taking sociology so I guess this explains.
176007077,"In my 20’s, 30’s, and 40’s I worked hard and paid my Social Security taxes, a part of which went for disability insurance. I feel no shame in collecting something I paid for."
176007078,This topic was automatically closed 95 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176007079,Yeah I’m just saying I cant be held to standards she wont keep herself. You know? I just dont think I have sza anymore. I think I faked it or exaggerated it or something.
176007080,"Sorry to hear your voices are back, I live in fear of this every day"
176007081,One major episode. Several minor ones aka only voices but without loss of touch with reality.
176007082,"Uh, they both suck?"
176007083,Remember to bite the gum then press it to your lip or cheek. I heard it allows you to absorb the nicotine more effectively than chewing constantly like normal gum. Good luck on quitting. Quitting smoking is one of the single best things anyone can do for their health.
176007084,I slept over.Yesterday 9hr20min which is just crazy.When I am not on meds I slept around 5-7hr
176007085,"It was neither good nor bad. It just wasn’t effective. The other thing about latuda that was a drawback for me is you have to eat a significant amount of calories when you take it, otherwise it does not get absorbed into your system. For me it meant eating a large meal before going to bed. You could try to take it in the morning with a big breakfast. But again you need to talk to your doctor about it."
176007086,"SSRI’s can cause these so taking it is not a good solution especially if you have mood disorders like sza, bipolar etc. A mood stabilizer might be a better idea. Deficiency in folate can cause severe depression may be methylfolate can help which you can ask the pdoc. It can quickly dissolve severe depression if have as it acts like a mood changer. Tulsi tea (holy basil) can calm your mind."
176007087,"Hmm. Are You Taking Your Medications?. If So, Maybe You Should Get A Psychologist, Doctor Update On Getting Them Changed. If Not, Maybe You Should Start Taking The Medications Prescribed To You. Sincerely, DJ Nosferatu Beat Beam (sleepoptimistic) P.s. Medications Are A Good Way To Finding Balance Between Reality & Illusions."
176007088,"So you did before, was wondering how your delusions got so bad lol np everyone has their past"
174343486,"I first wabt to apologize to anyone who has read my older posts. If I have confused you, or if it seemed like I was not giving your full attention I am sorry. I do not want to confuse anyone nor do I ignore anyone. I have just been going through a weird _USER_ID_ ride. I am also not that technically inclined, meaning I don’t understand the full functions of this website on how to use it. I have been on multiple medication and I have taken multiple supplements. When I first started searching through this website I saw the craze of sarcosine. I tried it for a few months, with the beginning weeks from it not being very effective BUT I dont know if it was because of my I’ll tolerance to Prolixin or if it was unwanted side effects of the sarcosine… In any case, during the month of April 2019 I began taking paliperidone 3mg. The first two weeks I was symptom free! No psychosis, no delusional thoughts, clear mind without intrusive thoughts, no obsessive disorder, but I had slight depression which wa
s manageable. I was sleeping normally as I was able to even with environmental issues waking me up too early (what with my cat waking me up at 3am, or the tv had a commercial on that was too loud, or I had too much energy that woke me up too early.) During the time I was taking the new medication I couldnt work because of the physical side effects of the invega (dizziness, light headed, brain fog, confusion, and spaced out.) This happened during the third week of taking it. The only reason why I kept taking it was because 1) it made me feel normal for the first time in 11 years, 2) my DNA test concluded that I have a VERY high affinity to side effects from every antipsychotic from zyprexa, abilify, Prolixin and such and this one was ranked top for the least amount, and 3) well… I just liked how normal I felt. After the third week of not feeling the same from when I started taking invega I was juggling from going back to work with my current employer who had never dealt with someone like me to getting an acc
ommodation letter to go back to work which took another 3 weeks to get done to taking care of my boyfriend to doing daily house chores to going grocery shopping to everything else… I noticed that after drinking Bai Coconut infusion I felt slightly better for a few hours. Mind you, when I first took this medication I was very, very sensitive to everything I ingested. Even one half cup of coffee made me feel wired. So… I took vitamin e and felt normal again. That stopped working after 5 days… So I tried phosphatidylserine which worked for an entire week but made me depressed and psychotic (major flatness with alot of auditory hallucinations that were all relevant to my personal life’s stressors.) Then I took 5htp for the depression which made me feel normal. Now when I take it I feel slightly normal but my OCD symptoms come back… So… I stopped taking everything for a while just to see what would happen. Nothing much has changed so far… It is like taking Prolixin all over again, being forgetful, fe
eling depressed one moment until life situations happen then I don’t get the choice to not do something about it So I get stressed, motivate myself to take charge to do things and by the end of the day I am feeling like not enough is accomplished because I am the only one doing things. Back to the track, in the beginning of April, my doctor said that since I was tolerating invega at 6mg I can try out the injection. I took the first injection about 2 weeks and 3 days ago. I felt slight moments lime when I first took the medication but it would only last for a few seconds to 3 minutes. Last week and 3 days I took the second injection. So far I have had no relief like I did when I first took this medication. In total, I have been taking g this medication, both tablet and injection, for about two months. I might be becoming tolerant to it by now like I have with just about every single antipsychotic. Monday this week I thought maybe choline could help with my memory. I bought phosphatidylcholine yesterday, took 
it this morning about 3 hours ago, and I have come to posting this about 30 minutes ago. I also bought alpha gpc because I read that phosphatidylcholine isn’t as strong as a more concentrated choline compound. The alpha gpc has arrived and is sitting in the leasing office at my apartment just… Waiting… They close at 5:30pm. I dont get off of work until that time… I am going to call them today (hopefully I can remember to do this) and see if they can leave it next to my door. But honestly… I am thinking that if any of the supplements along with my medication hasn’t worked like the first time I have taken invega I dont think this will. I want to give up on all this BS, both the invega and supplements, but I can’t otherwise I can not be depended on for duties and obligations that are expected of me. So… I thought earlier that maybe risperdal will have a better effect since invega is the main metabolite of risperdal. If not that then maybe increasing the dose of invega will help (which will probab
ly be better than switching medication again.) If any advice is given from this then it is very welcomed. If needed expression of opinion is given from this (whether good or bad) then it is welcomed. If you just want to see what I wanted to say then… I really, honestly, hopefully and optimistically say I wish you do better than I do. To those who have read this post thus far… Thank you."
176007089,"Someone who smells bad. Usually personal odor is affected by one’s health, so it also implies the stinker is not well and will cause trouble. Trouble maker."
174343492,"I just get very nervous about these substances, as it could be anything. If it was in a pharmacy I might trust it more"
176007090,That’s how I am irl.
176007091,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176007092,"PubMed Is there an association between hot weather and poor mental health outcomes?... Our findings support the hypothesis of a positive association between elevated ambient temperatures and/or heatwaves and adverse mental health outcomes. This problem will likely increase with a warming climate, especially in the context of climate..."
176007093,I see my nurse this week and I’m going to ask about switching my anti depressant to one that helps me sleep better. Does anyone here know of any ? I’m currently on 200mg of sertraline and it’s been working well for me so I’m afraid she won’t let me change.
176007094,"true…good one, I did not spot that…"
174343493,"I was doing alot of drug then the tv started broadcasting me and the radio, I was very high on weed and other drugs so first I thought it was drug induced psychosis 5 years later I had another break and was diagnosed."
176007095,"Thanks, both."
174343495,Some of my apathy has gone after the Clopixol depo injection was changed from 400 mg every other week to once every 3. week and both my atypical drugs was upped. I think that the atypicals are a lot better for not causing so many negative symptoms than the oldschool meds. Try some of the other atypicals. Maybe you will find the perfect fit after some trial and errors.
176007096,No- I’ve never tried such a thing . Way too tech advanced for me.
176007097,"I had _NAME_ on almost any antipsychotic,I prefer not to take them but had to face the reality…I couldn’t sleep if I didn’t take them"
176007098,Do geometry or math problems? It might help you to pass the time.
176007099,"Don’t know. I would think it would be similar to french press or Turkish since it is made close to how theyare, then dehydrated."
176007100,Heavy stress can make me paranoid and hallucinating.
174343496,Nobody wants to take meds. I made it through 38 years of my life without having a prescription for anything. I spent the first six years of my illness trying to come off meds. Meds meant I couldn’t fly anymore. My first doctor did me a favor and diagnosed me with adjustment disorder and not a psychotic disorder. If I took meds for only six months or less I would have gone back on flight status. A psychotic disorder is automatically disqualifying. I finally stopped taking my meds once and got really psychotic and know I need them now. I was aking the lowest dose you can take. Now I take the maximum recommended dose of one and a second one on top of that. Unfortunately we all have to learn the hard way. After you relapse the same dose you wee on won’t work anymore but you are still young. Best of luck in what you decide to do.
176007101,"Good to see you back, _AT_MENTION_!"
176007102,Hi! Long time no see. How are you doing?
176007103,"That’s true, I always wanted a console, but realized I play a lot of strategy games and action rpgs. From young days I was used to mouse and keyboard. Even though I have Xbox one controller for my PC and I just tried to play with it 3 times and it’s just not for me"
176007104,"So, I just want to share my story so that it may benefit others I was a medical student and in year two of my studies things changed for me. I was oversleeping and not attending clinics or placements. I started experiencing some form of thoought disorder. I thought I was fighting an evil spirit. I also visualised myself attacking people pschically - like a psychic attack and I believe I was influencing my environment. At one point I thought I was causing bad events and bad luck to occur in my vicinity. Things just got worse - I totally lost control of my mind. Relationship with family broke down - I thought my parents were harming me on the psychic plane. I was abusive to my parents and one day I was so angry, I trashed the entire bathroom. My dad called the Police, and I was cautioned. On another occasion, I assualted my brother and spent two nights in custody before being released on bail My entire life felt like I was battling a negative entity or demon. I repeated odd acts and phrases. Used to 
walk around the block a certain number of times, and repeat certain facts from memory, all because I thought it would protect me from the negativity Was hospitalised on three occasions, and two of these I didn’t comply with medication so things just got worse. On the third occasion, I finally had a realisation that I was suffering from a mental illness, and that’s what led me to stopping my medical career. I complied with the medication and I regained control of my mind. My positive symptoms have been in remission for three years now, and I have very little negative symptoms. If you talked to me today, you would never know what I went through - you would think I have no mental health issues I take Olanzapine 20mg daily, and I feel great. I’m going back to university in September to study International Relations. I suffered with negatives for some time, but they have disappeared and I feel like I’m getting my life back on track I spend my days reading in preparation for my course and in prayer This is 
for anyone suffering with negatives - it does get better - time heals everything"
176007105,"I know I won’t win, but I’m throwing my hat into the ring, maybe I’ll get Miss Congeniality this year."
174343500,My scores were 20 and 21.5
176007106,? think this topic will be closed.its too political.
176007107,"I saw the neurologist today and he said my MRI shows brain atrophy and shrinkage, which he thinks might be the result of my sza and meds. He’s sending a report to my psychiatrist. I don’t know what to make of it, as I feel fine and have no odd symptoms."
176007108,I normally eat 800-1500 calories a day.
176007109,Started reading a new book Gave my dog a bath Listened to music
176007110,I don’t know. I was on SSDI not SSI. I think your SSI gets reduced when you work. I don’t know how much but you can certainly make a lot more money than that working. But if you need the insurance I would look into it some more.
176007111,"It sounds like he doesn’t believe you have an illness that the medication helps with. If so, I second getting a second opinion. But if he only wants to test if you can go without meds, while acknowledging that you have had serious problems that required meds, I think that’s completely fair of him."
174343502,Just a year or 2. Lsd was my first love in hallucinogens. That’s what messed me up and I tripped the most off of. I had already taken meds when I took shrooms. Never got the full effect. I don’t regret it. I’m glad I didn’t have those experiences they speak of. I had the nightmare when I mixed abilify injection shrooms alcohol and caffeine. Omg it was awful.
176007112,"I drink a lot of energy drinks which may affect my mood if I have bipolar, but I cannot quit. I have stress and addiction issues and low energy and low motivation. When I quit them, I feel better. If I got off meds, I would relapse, and possibly have intense anger issues. I have to stay on meds for now and for the near future. Biggest side effecct is weight gain here. Off meds, I sleep all day. Is that so bad?"
176007113,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I pulled a few good ones from that list. Bookmarked it for later
176007114,Are you ok _AT_MENTION_?
176007115,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_
176007116,"I’m sorry. My husband injured his spine in 4 places. He had to have surgery, fusion, and lots of metal. _PERSON_ in extreme pain all day everyday. I hope it doesn’t get like that for you. Have you seen a dr?"
176007117,"I still have nightmares about getting fired and how it was done. It’s a recurring dream of the job, what happened and I am left with resentment. I should know my limits."
174343504,"PubMed Central (PMC) The Facts About Sexual (Dys)function in Schizophrenia: An Overview of... A limited number of studies have evaluated sexual functioning in patients with schizophrenia. Most patients show an interest in sex that differs little from the general population. By contrast, psychiatric symptoms, institutionalization, and..."
174343499,"I think the zyprexa is working well for your case, you don’t seem to have positive symptoms. Sadly it doesn’t do much for negatives, energy, vitality…"
176007118,Do you suspect there is any members with this capability? Also have you heard of any members being murdered
176007119,True Power Is Usually Under The Umbrella Of Eternal Fascination And Hopeful Wonder. I Have Found. . . . . . .
176007120,"have you tried vistaril? I used Ativan for years, so long that I got up to 3mg and it just wasn’t working anymore. I stopped and when I was hospitalized last time they had me try vistaril before Ativan just to see if it would work and I was surprised to find that it actually takes the edge off. To me it’s a cleaner feeling medicine, no groggy feeling. I think it’s underrated. Maybe ask about that and see what she says."
176007121,"Yeah, I think that will probably happen to us eventually, but I think the UK government is trying to take the right responses at the right time approach rather than taking an all out shut down of the country as early as possible type of thing."
174343503,For years with schizophrenia I did not work. I mostly attended a Day Program. Then in 2005 I got a job doing data entry 32 hours a week and I have been there ever since.
176007122,My voices used to tell me that I could not talk about what was wrong with me. I am honest with him now though. To be honest I am a bit afraid they will discharge me although I am not compus mentus.
176007123,"It’s too bad your not closer, I have a fully functional recording studio in my home. I would love the opportunity to record a Pianist for a change"
176007124,yes I am I am just have my last drink of coke atm … thanks for making this thread good idea
176007125,Is it forbidden? 666999
176007126,"Thank you all for being so kind. I’m in a better state of mind today than I was yesterday and so far today no unusual thoughts or voices I’ve noticed. I’m hoping it was just a phase caused by my grief and I’ll be feeling better soon. I will still share this with my psychiatrist and if I find those thoughts or voices do persist I’ll be having an emergency appointment with him. Thank you all for your support, it means the world."
176007127,I feel stupid too. I make the same mistakes over and over again. As always I tell myself that it’s the last time. As always I kick my own ass for details that slip pass me. As always my issues return right when I think they’re gone.
176007128,"akathisia wont go away with latuda unless u reduce the dose or add a med for EPS side effects like benzoropine or Trihexyphenidyl. For nightmares, you can add any benzodiazepines u like, such as clonazepam"
176007129,Your welcome…_PHONE_NO_
176007130,same _PHONE_NO_
176007131,My parents wanted me to do zoom for christmas i said no way hosay lol
176007132,"Thank you for responding. Means a lot for me (Only here I can revile my frajuall self worth. There outside i try to look like an…well, an serious artist…"
176007133,It could be contraction of the muscles in your jaw and tongue area. Are you under stress? Sometimes I find that stress can cause me to clench my jaw which causes muscle pain in that region.
176007134,Hey. Yeah that is tough matey. I’m not sure of the finances but dealing with insurance companies in the American market is hard. My ex mrs worked in insurance legals and they are vultures. I’m sure your family would have helped if they could but trying to bankroll that would have been tough…I am just assuming the costs would have been severe… I know it’s tough but it’s one of those things. Family is good and important and worthwhile maintaining. There may have been issues you weren’t aware of at the time! I’m sorry you have suffered.
174343505,"When I was diagnosed sza, I was relieved. I was like, “yes, that explains what I have been going through all of these years. It makes sense”."
176007135,The Cavalier Daily University study shows faulty cell cleanup in the brain may lead to long... The team found that a lot of people with mutations or those that lack the AIM2 inflammasome have neurodevelopmental disorders amongst other diseases.
176007136,Its good for getting vivid dreams at night. It helps to think more clearly.
174343510,"Frankly, I don’t know what my problem is because my diagnosis is sza, bp type. To have that diagnosis puts you in the strange position of being half sz and half bipolar. All I know is that when I first started getting symptoms, I suspected sz or something like it. And when I was finally diagnosed with sza in my mid 30’s, I was relieved. It just made sense."
176007137,"I don’t want attention, I want to quit the meds forever"
176007138,What do you take it for?
176007139,"You must find a med that works, rox"
176007140,"Extended family is always the same thing, with almost 99.9% of the women. They think their son/man is some sort of superhuman. I cut them out. Ignore the jerks."
176007141,I’ll try going through my memories as best I can. Thanks.
176007142,How much does 3 weeks count in pmb sessions
176007143,"I’ve heard this before, I wonder how they lose their minds. I might know why but I’m not sure."
176007144,Agreed. Hard work for me is laying off the food before bedtime. The work out is the fun part.
176007145,_NAME_.jpg 468×895 82.5 KB
176007146,Are you in remission?
176007147,"My oldest friend is bipolar and she’s an ER nurse studying to become a psych NP. Her coworkers always request her help with psych patients and the frequent flier patients always ask if she is available. Sometimes, someone who has experienced the darkness is the best person to treat it in others."
174343506,"Yes exactly. I believed mine because I was actually getting followed in real life by the _NAME_ so mine was a mix of real world stuff and hallucinations (which I still doubt they were) which was horrible. However, towards the end of hearing voices I challenged them to turn up the volume of the voice if they were real but they couldn’t."
174343517,No one is forcing you to believe in science. But I do believe in science and will always do.
176007148,Oh no. That’s not good. I hope there’s not a screw up.
176007149,"I have been working full-time for 3 months now at a warehouse. The job is very labor intensive, requires some tetris like problem solving and some minor short term memory usage. No in depth calculations, complex brain functions or critical thinking involved. Working is great as I can almost pass as a normal person with friends and co-workers. Getting paid from a job is way more than what disability benefits could provide me with. My goal now is to work full-time at the 6 month mark."
176007150,Took first pill this am. A little drowsy.
176007151,I have erotomania too. I realize it is a delusion but run with it mentally a lot. I think I see the guy everywhere. I saw him today actually.
176007152,Yeah I miss my mom when I’m not in CA. I text her to keep in touch.
176007153,My thyroid levels have been checked and are within the normal range.
176007154,Running commentary seems one of the common ones in szc… That is one I never got though
176007155,yes i can the problem as i said they concerned about serious side effect i got sometimes
176007156,_AT_MENTION_…my white blood cells were below the range. The actual result was 3.34 when they should be in the range 3.50 to 11.00
174343523,"Hi _PERSON_, Thanks for your question. I can’t tell you who will be able to afford my services. I will be able to tell you the cost of my services when I know for sure what they’ll be!"
176007157,"Yup, I always thought I was in a ‘fake’ world yet in the ‘real’ world I was causing so much trouble God began punishing me, leaving me to question deeply what exactly am I doing wrong??? Furthermore how am I supposed to stop?"
174343514,"Yeah, I’m too poor for that dosing, lol."
176007158,It might never happen. Most of the developed world have a fertility rate is pretty close to two. The only places it is really high is in places like Africa. They say the worlds population will hit 10 billion and then start going down again.
176007159,"Few and far between. I try, I do it mainly so I’ll have something to talk about. But most of the time it’s a chore to pay attention, I’ll check my phone, wander off, vape. Occasionally a movie will still grab me, stimulate me in some way, and I’ll feel that old wonder again."
174343513,Please stop spamming the forum with the same topic. Keep it to one thread. This is really irritating members. Here is the one you posted on 3 hours ago. No more of these.
176007160,"I guess they must how thought the same for me as I hadn’t eaten properly for months and had lost a lot of weight. My problem was I discharged myself on the highest dose from the clinic, and I never got any follow up. After two years I put on 35 kilos, and I lost my temper when I found out it was the drug, and I went cold turkey and had a relapse."
176007161,Do you really think they’re delusions?
176007162,"I am here with you _AT_MENTION_-ploravit . You are not alone. You were designed to be in community. You were designed to help other people, and for other people to help you. That community should be an accepting and supportive one, where each person can honestly share needs, and those needs can be met. Your family should be that community. Your church family should be that community. You are oppressed by shame. Much of that shame has been put on you by this world. I can’t erase that shame, but I know the One who can. Disabilities are out of your control. You can’t choose your illnesses, how they will impact you, or what they will hinder and allow. You are not a burden to your family. Do they know you feel this way? Your family has been placed together in each other’s lives. You add value and significance to your family! Why can’t you share with your church or extended family? Can’t they offer even more support?"
176007163,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_
176007164,Anti depressant.
176007165,Truly before the diagnosis I lived in fear. What people thought about me. What people did to me. I was bullyied a lot in school and work. STill. Sz makes you available for such things. You second guess yourself and then you worry if your doing the right thing… Have some faith in yourself and your process. Do what comes natural. Your a decent human and you’ve a great sense of humor. Don’t worry about the bad interactions. Focus on the good. Life is too short to worry about what may or may not be. Just be!
176007166,I don’t even believe in cigars.
176007167,I don’t think so no I think that he’s still looking for it on the computer.
176007168,"I get that sometimes with the odd hamlet cigar in the morning. Its cos you been asleep all night and your lungs are complaining - especially as its not a normal roll-up. Cigar smoke can give you acid reflux as well and make you gag, Thats what you u get for smoking lol."
176007169,Some things better and some things worse.
174343515,"I really feel like you should write the city. Maybe an open letter to the newspaper about how a struggling schizophrenic can’t get their book in the library. That’ll get attention, People will want to read it."
176007170,"It sounds like you are on a heavy enough dosage of meds. Staying on a dose like 1200mg seroquel is not something that is viable long term, so I would focus getting to another medication rather than doing megadoses of something that should work at a much lower dose. Also focus on getting your act together any way you can. The medicines are helpful, but you have to do part of the work yourself. Try to set yourself up in a safe environment, especially in your own home. If you are afraid or paranoid try to do what you can to make your home more secure so you decrease your paranoia, like getting a extra lock on your door, getting curtains for more privacy, etcetera. If there are some objects in your home that trouble you, get rid of them or replace them with something else. Your home is your domain and you are entitled to feel safe there. If media makes you uncomfortable or triggers your paranoia try to stay away from it. Replace it with radio, audiobooks, reading, crossword puzzles, music you are comfo
rable with etcetera."
176007171,they have power over me their punishment hurt me and my body and my mind and every aspect so i should stop talking to stop their hurting to me either i talk or dont talk i dont feel good
176007172,I heard the Pfizer one is very effective
176007173,"in fairness who would inject that, it was ‘‘clearly’’ a joke"
176007174,"The more I try to figure it out. I find out nothing. It seems our purpose is to accept that we are here, and we are here to find a purpose for ourselves."
176007175,That’s a really smart way of looking at it. Thanks for sharing that perspective with me.
176007176,mildly psychotic as opposed to floridly psychotic?
176007177,Excersise daily. Its helping me not dwell on negative thoughts like guilt. It’s also lifting my mood and helping self esteem.
176007178,_AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ I accidentally drank 60oz of water and only peed three times… Kinda freaking own here
176007179,"I have similar symptoms, but I relate them more to a head injury. I have noticed once I started walking again, my balance has improved. It’s kind of like use it, or lose it And I think a lot of us, myself included, have voices that try to undermine your confidence. It’s part of the game. Do your best to detach from that crap"
176007180,I want to switch to Abilify but worried about the same. What medication were you on when they switched
174343520,Hi _AT_MENTION_ and welcome to the forum. I was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder bipolar type and I manage to get by on a monthly Invega Sustenna injection along with Wellbutrin. The hardest thing for me has been negative symptoms since nothing seems to improve them. Wellbutrin might help a little but I don’t think anything else does.
176007181,The US sucks. My antipsychotic is 800 dollars without insurance. And I’m going to be kicked off my parents insurance by the govt soon.
176007182,Good ideas _AT_MENTION_
176007183,It’s 11:08 at night. Hawkeyes just won. Good night.
176007184,I know the feeling with my sister.
176007185,Nice to meet you! Welcome!
176007186,"I was supposed to take trihexephenidyl, but all those anti-tremor medication gives me really bad dry mouth and gives my like panic attack confusion. So I can’t use them"
176007187,"Hope you are doing well, _AT_MENTION_"
176007188,One thing that motivates me is imagining myself with a hole in my neck with oozing pussie stuff coming out. Needing to use those radio things to talk. Freaks me out.
176007189,"My first psyche ward was like a country club. It was clean and new and nice. I felt pretty safe. A couple of the other patients worried me but I felt safe for the most part. It was near the hills in an incorporated area. A couple years later I was in a couple hospitals that were not nice. But my first one almost everybody was friendly including staff. We had a ping-pong table, a pool table, a volleyball court, a gym. A counselor took me jogging in the hills. They brought a group of us to a nearby park and we formed two teams and played kickball. I played chess with a staff member. If I hadn’t got psychotic it would have been like a vacation, lol. Even with all that stuff it was a little boring but every hospital after that was a lot more boring."
176007190,"Did you mention with family member or casual friends.I kept my illness inside my heart,only close relative knew.I won’t be open to friends who I wouldn’t trust or strangers"
174343524,That’s great news.
176007191,"[ Prof. _USER_ID_ - IEI Bonn Research Interests Prof. _USER_ID_ . Research Interests. Stromal cell populations within secondary lymphoid organs (SLOs) guide immune cell migration and play a complex immunoregulatory role in an arising immune response. [ Profile - _USER_ID_ - PeerJ Summary. _USER_ID_ , is a Junior professor for molecular immunology and gastroenterology at the University of Saarland, Germany and the Sofja … [ Prof. Dr. Dr. _USER_ID_ - AcademiaNet _PERSON_, _PERSON_. Dendritic cells in liver injury and fibrosis: Shortcomings and promises. _PERSON_. 2013 May 29. pii: S0168-8278(13)00365-6. [ _USER_ID_ - Loop dendritic cells stromal cells immune regulation. Antigen Presentation. stromal cell biology. Immune Tolerance. Stromal Cells. tolerance. fibroblastic reticular cells. [ Dr. _USER_ID_ - YouTube Dr. _USER_ID_ . EASL - Home of Hepatology. Loading… Unsubscribe from EASL - Home … 29 Aug 2016 - Uploaded by EASL - Home of Hepatology Web results [ _USER_ID_ - JoVE _USER_ID_ is the aut
hor of this article in the Journal of Visualized Experiments: ""Isolation and Enrichment of Liver Progenitor Subsets Identified by … [ _USER_ID_ | MD, PhD | Universität des … _USER_ID_ of Universität des Saarlandes, Saarbrücken (UKS) | Read 92 publications | Contact _USER_ID_ . [ _USER_ID_ (0000-0002-6718-1219) - ORCID … 9 Jan 2020 - Skip to main content. ORCID uses cookies to improve your experience and to help us understand how you use our websites. Learn more about … [ CD103+ DCs are a key population in the progression of non … Lukacs-Kornek V. Apr 21, 2017; 168309; SAT-359 Topic: Experimental. Prof. Dr. _USER_ID_ Contributions. ×. VIEW ePOSTER. VIEW ePOSTER."
176007192,I always wanted other people to be the guinea pigs on a new fresh med. Then I would look here for real facts about how it feels.
176007193,I threw up a dose of risperidone and 3 days later I was in a painful nightmare crisis that lasted a week and a half. Now my brain is ultra sensitive to everything like beer ibuprofen coq10 kelp. I have been horrible for weeks to months from these things and it has been going on for 8 months.
176007194,"Been getting that quite a lot recently, or so it seems ."
176007195,"i often wonder? what if i made it to my destination year’s ago, what would my life be like today?"
176007196,_AT_MENTION_ is reading a book on photography and how to delete it.
174343527,I saw a dream with an old classmate who supposedly had schizophrenia and was counting to 10 with his fingers constantly
176007198,If you’ve already rescheduled it successfully then just go to the rescheduled appointment. I think you did the right thing.
174343525,"Ok, if he knows and approves, I have nothing to say. Good. Why do i see little things? Because I abruptly stopped haldol, maybe?"
176007199,That scenario on the picture is only likely if you robbed a bank.
176007200,I just posted this on my Facebook lol. Screenshot_20200129-202842_WriterP1080×959 189 KB
176007201,I’ve had a couple of dodgy weeks but nothing major since about 2004. I still get the occasional breakthroughs but mostly I do ok.
176007202,"oh no, a problem employee."
176007203,My dr. mentioned taking ability in a shot. Right now I am back on zyprexa until this Vraylar is out of my system. I have been feeling like I am going to jump out of my skin. Does anyone have experience with the injection?
174343530,Welcome to the forum. I lost a lot of weight on abilify when I was calorie counting. Then i stopped calorie counting and put half of it back on again.
174343521,Never had akathisia on clozapine. Been on it since 5 years
176007204,"Twice, years ago. I don’t remember all the guns we used except one, a _NAME_ six-shooter, like the ones gunslingers used to use in the old west. It was pretty fun."
176007205,"We understand sometimes people have to leave, but know you are welcome back here any time, and you will be missed."
176007206,That’s good to k ow ur doing well
176007207,"Hmm. It Is Nice Hair I Do Agree. In Honest Respect Of Course. Mortality Is A Stepping Stone. Into The Great Unknown. The Past Weaving With The Future. Limits Are Only What You Prescribe For Yourself. Commonsense, Intuition, Instincts, And Mother Nature. Hope, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Eternal Peace!. P.s. That Is All, Keeps It Cools!."
176007208,Anxiety can affect the numbers also.
176007209,"A year of lockdown 2 shots in my arm It’s nice that you care enough to bother And Covid-19 did not take me down for the count I’m glad that you kept me alive Staring at the same 4 walls Almost uninterrupted for a year I missed Christmas, last Easter, my birthday and New Years’ Stuck with the people here at the group home With whom I’ve learned to get along I’m glad that you kept me alive But I feel like I’ve died I know I have no business getting married Or getting a woman pregnant But I miss their smiles And their mirthful ways I can think of a few I’d like to have lunch with today I’m glad that you’ve kept me alive But I’ve feel like I’ve died So when will it end? The number today was below 10 Some say a new wave is coming Some say there’s no reason to be bumming Some say it will last a few more years Some say it will never disappear When can we live again I’m glad that you kept me alive But I feel I have died"
176007210,"So I just did a workout playing with my golden retriever and to be honest crying and releasing that pent up, negative energy seemed to melt off. As I played with her, I realized these people haven’t done anything to me, I don’t want to hurt anyone. I love my doggo, I pet her, hugged her, she listened to me rant on and on and yet all she did was love on me and it’s like I felt life be so fragile and I have no right to take it away from anybody. At least my frontal lobe is working."
176007211,"Disagreements are fine, that’s what it’s all about. I am only interested in improving my health, but see nothing wrong with sharing what I’ve learned. Don’t forget that science tends to be way ahead of medicine, and neither science nor medicine are without controversies and dogmas. I have to look beyond dogmas and ideologies to improve my health, like thousands of others."
176007212,Red bulb of light. Black horseman without testicles. It’s a secret
176007213,Than you That is so nice to hear that.
174343522,Did you cross taper with another med?
176007214,"Depakote ER for Mania, Mixed States and Depression. Works great for me."
176007215,I think I have people watching me or listening to voices that someone puts in my mind. They are not perfect either and probably think a lot of intrusive thoughts.
176007216,I am going to reiterate to my doctor that late onset is totally possible and should not be his main reason for suggesting it is something else.
176007217,"Don’t get me wrong, I’m going strong atm, but that’s not so easy."
176007218,"Best thing to do at the ward is try to hang with a nurse(s). Some are pretty chill. I’d you’re going to hang out with patients, be careful; some like to fuel others delusions. Careful who you abide by. You don’t have any cameras in you, dont worry."
176007219,"I have been living in a certain way for years where I spend much of my time outside of work in bed. I avoid doing things, and if I do something I really don’t want to do it and have to force myself. I am starting psychology again on Wednesday, but I am not sure if it’s possible for me to change. It’s so hard as although I feel kinda trapped, I am keeping in my comfort zone and isolating is what I am used too."
176007220,Thank you so much for the encouraging words my friend! Very well said and I’m going to work on it. Hopefully with some religion things will start to get better. Seeing a Dr for meds is definitely the next step. I’ll keep you updated with my progress and thanks also to care of enough to help. It’s greatly appreciated!
176007221,I take benzos when I have a lot of stress . rarely
176007222,"i cant give up, its the hope that i will recover one day that keeps me going, i have recovered to a good extent and i am grateful for that, but still rely on meds"
176007223,"Yah they really are. I really have no idea what I am either. I feel like what I have is too severe to be bipolar, not severe enough to be sz"
176007224,"_PERSON_, I pretty much don’t eat meat but I figured for Christmas I had to do something. Plus it does good for sandwiches and soups and well I love it so I wanted it."
176007225,Yeah my delusions started off with scientology trying to kill me and take my energy and I thought my neighbors were in on it I even saw people following me
176007226,At the barbers he’s know me for a while but since I only been on invega this year and gained 35 pounds he hasn’t seen me in a while due to covid i was just wondering if anyone else has been called fat and feel like it’s not your fault
176007227,I was on the injection. I went to bed early woke up early. So I’m not really sure. But I got intense akathesia on this med I required cogentin
176007228,That’s wonderful! Keep us posted how you’re doing!
176007229,"On the bright side of things, I think I found my dream job. Despite being night shift. I’m about to finish my first week as a Security officer! Pretty easy really haha. Mostly bike patrol. Hourly report writing, too. So far only encountered a couple dumpster divers and some drug users…other than that it’s been pretty quiet!"
174343536,"It has a Wikipedia page now, KarXT is Xanomeline without gastrointestinal side effects. “Xanomeline ( LY-246,708 ; Lumeron , Memcor ) is a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist with reasonable selectivity for the M1 and M4 subtypes, though it is also known to act as a M5 receptor antagonist. It has been studied for the treatment of both Alzheimer’s disease and schizophrenia, particularly the cognitive and negative symptoms, although gastrointestinal side effects led to a high drop-out rate in clinical trials. Despite this, xanomeline has been shown to have reasonable efficacy for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms, and one recent human study found robust improvements in verbal learning and short-term memory associated with xanomeline treatment.” en.wikipedia.org Xanomeline Xanomeline (LY-246,708; Lumeron, Memcor) is a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist with reasonable selectivity for the M1 and M4 subtypes, though it is also known to act as a M5 receptor antagonist. It has bee
n studied for the treatment of both Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia, particularly the cognitive and negative symptoms, although gastrointestinal side effects led to a high drop-out rate in clinical trials. Despite this, xanomeline has been shown to have rea"
176007230,I am sorry to hear that. I hope things will be manageable. I wish you the best _PERSON_
176007231,I still eat to much. Even eaten _NAME_’s but wasn’t an amazing experience. That Burger King over in the US and their sausage and egg croissandwiches were amazing. Gawd. I’d have two of them in the mornings and it was my calorie intake for a day and a half but oh so good
176007232,yeah i tried writing about my mental illness but i just can’t. This is about as far as it went; Some kind of bitter aftertaste Some kind of pain i can’t locate Some kind of shiver down my spine some kind of thought i can’t define
176007233,It’s better. Good progress!
176007234,"Everyone has an accent in some form or another, be it from European accents that can vary not just country to country, but even in the case of region to region. Something we see in the USA as well, be it the southern, northern, New York, New England, etc. For myself, Californian. “Dude, I’m like hella stoked about that new flick, let’s go ride some sweet gnar gnar down by the beach”"
176007235,I exist unmedicated. So i assume it’s possible. However I would only attempt this with doctor approval and fail safes in place.
176007236,Were the voices seemingly coming from the music?
176007237,Any specific symptom you’re referring to?
176007238,"en.m.wikipedia.org Social emotional development Social emotional development represents a specific domain of child development. It is a gradual, integrative process through which children acquire the capacity to understand, experience, express, and manage emotions and to develop meaningful relationships with others. As such, social emotional development encompasses a large range of skills and constructs, including, but not limited to: self-awareness, joint attention, play, theory of mind (or understanding others' perspectives), self-esteem, So..."
176007239,"Mania comes in episodes, what is your dzx? No its not gonna atrophy your brain, even if it feels like that because of all the energy. Every diasese has a morbidity, but mania alone doesn’t deteriorate the brain chemicals irreversible (only when unmedicated) after an episode there might be some issues remaining like lack of focus, feeling a bit of the edge etc It deteriorates the brain chemistry only when it’s unmedicated and severe.many people with soft mania can function normally without medicine, but not at they’re best."
176007240,"I would in no way describe any of my experiences as emotionless. On the contrary, I have and continue to, enjoy some utterly amazing emotional reactions, frequently. I know what you mean though. I have thought on several occasions, after extremely powerful emotional experiences, “That should have broken my brain…Is there something wrong with me?”. I don’t think that you can “break your brain”, with excessively strong emotional reactions anyway. I did learn the ability to rapidly shut emotions down if they got too intense, or just if it’s time to move on. I am able to maintain a calm demeanor about it all, because even though (in my reality), the entire future of humanity may, or may not be in my hands…I cannot know which, “I think, therefore I am” again, but it doesn’t matter. There’s nothing that I can do about any of it because, I’m in a block universe. I can’t waste my time thinking, or worrying about, buggering it all up somehow, I can’t. If it’s broken and doesn
’t work, or I’m just “sick”, that’s already our future in this block universe of Space-Time. I can just go about my life. If I need to be “somewhere, somewhen”, I will be there, doing whatever it is, that I’m supposed to be doing, thinking what I’m supposed to be thinking. Stress free from that angle, but I’m not saying there’s no stress involved, it’s just that it’s typically not centered around things that I can do nothing about, and if it is, I shut it down and revisit the situation later if I feel that it needs some form of resolution. Emotional roller-coaster ride this, and fan-bloody-tastic too. I’d place a link to Firework here, but they won’t let me ."
176007241,"I’m sorry this happened to you. But, it’s great something good came out of it."
176007242,One of my students father was a firefighter and I just remember he was handsome – so I’m thinking you are lucky. This father had tried office jobs but went back to firefighting. His wife’s comment was “It’s in his blood.”.
176007243,Thankyou. 151515
176007244,Today is the day I get my pills refilled and I’ll finally be getting my diet pill. I can’t wait to start. I don’t know what to expect. I’ve taken this medicine before but at a lower dose. So hopefully it will really help this out of control appetite I’ve got. One of the other members said it doesn’t work that well but I’m hoping it works for me. Hoping and praying. I’ve got my Slimfast all ready and I just need to go the grocery store to get stuff for salads I guess then I’ll be all set.
176007245,I feel possessed today. Evil spirits. What is _PERSON_? I’m not sure yet. I’m exploring the spiritual platforms today.
176007246,_AT_MENTION_ no! You must put each ornament in a box and each tree branch in another.
174343543,Try amisulpride
176007247,This post was flagged by the community and is temporarily hidden.
174343539,People with Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective can take it too. It could help your negatives.
176007248,I’ve had the same problem before _NAME_.i thought the TV was talking to me or taking about me. Your not alone _NAME_ I hope you know that. Find someone you can vent to. Heck even this forum could help you vent your frustrations
174343540,Who would you be If you didn’t have schizophrenia? Actually you’d still be you. Just with different problems.
176007249,I understand what you mean. Its not because you’re looking for attention that you are experiencing these things.
176007250,Mostly haha I wouldn’t try it
176007251,It’s hard but replacing negative with positive is good. I still get the odd urge to have a cigarette but know if I have 1 I’ll have 10 and I’ll be addicted again. That is good enough for me to get over those feelings. I’m not sure you ever totally get over such thoughts but it does get easier with time. This september it’ll be 10 years for me without a smoke. I’m proud I’ve made it through to the other side!
176007252,I have been more than I’d say 8 times at a guess. It’s all a bit of a blur to be honest Important thing is it has been two years out of hospital now!
176007253,"That seems sensible to do that. I worked for the last 6 years where my mother, aunt and two cousins were and they supported me massively. If you want to ease into the work place, having family involved from my experience is good Congrats on graduating. Don’t stop pushing to get a life you deserve"
176007254,Fish oil can help with constipation because it lubricates the track.
174343541,I asked my pdoc about 7.5 mg abilify but he shut that idea down lol. I recently improved in mood and anxiety and as a result my psychosis seems null right now. I still have bouts of mania and depression but nothing too bad!! I’m probably 95% too!!
176007255,Just because you have no semen doesn’t mean you can’t orgasm. I know someone with retrograde ejaculation and he never has semen. But he orgasms.
176007256,No not everyone is out to get me. They already got me.
176007257,The key with voices is to be comfortable with who you are and not care if they try to insult you.
176007258,I did thank you. They did. Im grateful i woke up today and manage to do my coping skills regardless of some idiots followingme. World doesnt make too much sense now. Thanks!!! Hope you had a great day
176007259,For lots and lots of poop
176007260,You have a great voice
176007261,"Sorry changed my mind, on this post."
174343542,"I had that off meds too, pretty sure its from negative symptoms."
176007262,"Honestly, yes. I have a hard time being positive myself and someone who is only ever negative drags me down as well. I have to cut them loose to preserve my own well-being."
176007263,Millions of people believe that. If you don’t know where the rotation originates from how hare you supposed to know which revolves which. Think about that for a second.
176007264,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176007265,Is inverse agonist same as antagonist?
176007266,For me it can be really aggravating when I feel like I have something important to say and someone won’t let me. It can make me mad.
176007267,"I had a fixed delusion which was entirely possible to be real but I have found scientific evidence that it is not true. Even so, I still battle with whether it is true sometimes."
176007268,"It makes me want to cry like _NAME_ de lune, in a jazzy way. This is actually good music to be depressed to."
176007269,i wouldn’t do that either…
176007270,"Ok, here is an update which may be my last one. I am not liking the 60mg in am and 60 in pm. I’m going to ask my doctor to lower the dose to 40. And I have wonderful news! Most of my symptoms are diminished! And the antipsychotic is not the only solution. I’ve been taking large doses of sunflower lecithin for the past two weeks and it is helping everything look real and at times my delusion that people can read my mind is gone. I have also been using Amyloban which has reduced the voices so much that I hear mostly the 5 voices that have been with me for 5 years. They are the only ones I can tolerate well. Amyloban doesn’t do much else than that for me. I have also been using a lot of vitamin b12 because I am too tired throughout the day. I did stop taking bupropion because it was making me go a bit luny. As for today, and I don’t know if it a placebo effect, but I took 600mg of n-acetylcistiene and most of my symptoms that really debilitate me are vanished except the delusion I mentioned be
fore which isn’t as frequent. I am still on lamictal and I tried not taking it for a day and I was having mixed partially manic episodes for that day. Needless to say… need it! Well, that’s it for now! Thank you all for this journey so far! Peace be with you! Ciao!"
174343555,How true is this. Sending lots of love your way. I was reading online schizophrenia is the worst mental disability.
176007271,I thought this site was about being pro-active in challenging things like depression - and seeking help like medication to treat it. Not massage someones self-pity. And i said i meant it in the nicest possible way - How am i being abusive?
176007272,Things felt better when I got my own place to live. I rent a room in a house. It’s a very quiet area but I’m not completely alone. I don’t have to justify my time to anyone. No one asking why I’m still in bed or complaining cause yeah I’m going to watch _PERSON_ redemption again. Being able to work on myself without an audience feels right…better.
176007273,My cognitive symptoms are so good that in 2 and a half days i read more than 800 pages of a book.
176007274,Have you heard of me on tv or internet? I feel that too _AT_MENTION_ . I go through panic and anxiety attack because of them.
176007275,Planet of the _PERSON_…
176007276,"Vraylar is working - I dropped my worst fears and funny is they’re so forgotten I didn’t even identify forgetting them. Maybe that’s the definition but it reminds me of insight only here it was a delight to realize. Today I patronized the local establishment again… there’s a lot of camaraderie to be found by not being scared. Plus as I evolved I tend to like small business, and salt of the earth people."
176007277,"I heard and read great things about Latuda. Unfortunately that’s what I was taking (100mg). I suffered tremendous weight gain and akathisia. It seems to work great for a lot of people, but sadly not for me."
176007278,"_AT_MENTION_ You need a new pdoc, a new opinion on what drug(s) you need. What you’re doing now isn’t working. Please at least do that before you give up again"
176007279,extermly manegeble with medicine… Severe cognitive and negative symptoms…
176007280,"It is another one of the thought experiments that I have spent a lot of time contemplating, yes. My body could be like a multidimensional movie that something is watching, and I am that something, not the movie. It is a very interesting thought. Maybe that something that’s experiencing my life even knows it’s watching a movie, and I am just the extension of it that is not aware of anything else. Like it’s sensory areas. It experiences my thoughts, feelings and sensations, and is unaware that it is feeding this to some other part of its being. And maybe that being is aware of everything and everyone else as well. We could all be tiny parts of the same thing."
174343547,PubMed Oral Versus Long-Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Treatment for People With... The objective here is to compare the effectiveness of long-acting injectable antipsychotics (LAI-APs) and oral ones (OAPs) in patients with severe (Global Clinical Impression-Severity ? 5) schizophrenia (N = 688). A 5-year follow-up study has been...
176007281,No. It isn’t covered. I only could afford it as a kid because my doctor had a crush on my mom and kept unofficially not charging us.
176007282,is was a fat burner. But i got refund is all good. maybe it got lost or an error i dont believe it was stolen our neighbors are good people.
176007283,_AT_MENTION_ Your husband is not perfect.
176007284,Maybe there’s nothing wrong with me. Everyone gets depression Everyone hears voices in their head now and then don’t they? Everyone gets paranoia (don’t they?) And inserted thoughts? Maybe also that? So what’s wrong with me? Why do I have to take meds? Aren’t I normal? Where does one draw the line?
176007285,I had homemade pizza.
176007286,I’m ok. The loxapine needs to be increased though. I’m calling for an appointment Monday. Thanks for asking _AT_MENTION_
176007287,So it’s been my 20th day at work excluding weekends and holidays. I received my first paycheck which was just over $1200. That is more than what I receive from the government. I will receive my 2nd paycheck this Friday. I will also be leasing a car soon namely a 2019 Honda Civic which has Android Auto and Bluetooth. Monthly payments is over $700/month (Lease plus insurance) but I think the car is worth it since I don’t want to be stuck in the bus for 2 hours for the commute.
176007288,"yeah, i have mentioned it so hopefully it will be realised at some point, idk if they could trust me with their station mixcloud account, not sure how much i can contribute to that but i wouldd like to try. _AT_MENTION_ that daw looks awesome and idk if it is free but i’d probably try and raise some money for the use of it."
176007289,My kids My other family My pets My friends A roof over my head and food in my belly
174343549,in the uk where I am my cpn told me anything above 20mg only increases side effects. well that is in my psychiatric hospital anyways. for abilify just sayin
176007290,"Oh gosh that sounds awful, poor you"
176007291,"I have been less stress recently and because of the lockdown,i had time to think about things…i absolutely remember some of the suffering,mistake and depressing part of my life,which is like most of it.I am feeling well recently and really hope things will continue as what it had been recently.I have quit vaping for 2 months already and are taking care of what i eat.It really helps to stay healthy and sleeping well"
176007292,Good luck! Work keeps my mind busy so most of the time I find it more beneficial than not and I hope the same goes for you!
176007293,"_AT_MENTION_ everything is going to be ok. You’re going to find out about your arm tomorrow and you’ll do what is needed to get better. You are not going to be hospitalized in an institution for popping your wrist. Your mother spoke thoughtlessly. And I think you are letting your health anxiety let a simple comment get the best of you. I hope you feel better, I know it’s hard not to worry when you’re in pain."
176007294,Abilify did this to me. In the end I was hospitalised and had to change meds (Again!) Did not work well for me at all
176007295,I usually have to play it by ear with my family. My wife is very supportive but has her own head stuff to deal with. Just about with everyone else i have to hide it but on the rare occasion it pops out i have to cover it up lest im accused of faking it or equally damaging they’ll be convinced im a nut job. Not the best coping mechanism but its something.
176007296,"Sorry guys for my behavior. When you doubt me and my grandiose ideas, I become aggressive, it seems."
176007297,I don’t do hugs usually but here’s a big hug from me.
176007298,What did they inject you with?
176007299,I amnot used to external voices that r bad I suppose they r people like any people but they r bad people I don’t know bad people they want control me and want to humiliate me … depressedman5370×3580 1.15 MB
176007300,"Yeah, she went to hospital, but I think she has access to her phone there."
176007301,I heard him say throat through the window. I hope I’m just hearing things. Crisis lady said no one’s going to physically hurt me. Is this a delusion or a hallucination? I’m worried.
176007302,I have some pretty intense traumas in my life that we’re constant and repetitive for a very long time. I went from trauma as a baby to trauma as a kid to trauma as a teen and again as an adult. I’m actually really messed up. I’m more traumatized than the other members but I still feel comfortable with them. Not sure how they feel about me though
176007303,Yes! _AT_MENTION_ they are extremely rude
176007304,i’m glad for you too! =) so you agree now that you did have delusions?
176007305,…
176007306,Oh wow!!! Thanks. I didn’t think it turned out. Do you like stuff like that? It’s made of stuff mostly from nature.
176007307,Agreed. Can you get him to try anything?
176007308,The stronger I think I am The bigger The surprise The disease has for me
176007309,"I think its permanent. I have a small scar from hitting something on my forehead since 4 y.o., its still there."
174343561,"Abilify didn’t work for me. I am on Saphris, and no matter the dose, I feel like a zombie for about eight hours afterwards. I keep falling asleep, too. When I need to be alert in the mornings, I either have to skip a dose (not good) or drink a couple of Monsters (also not good). I can’t win for losing! Anyhow, I hope the Abilify keeps working for you. I’m happy it’s helping."
176007310,"I recently added Lexapro to my medication regime and it has been life changing. I hope this feeling never goes away. I am also using Invega sustenna 234mg and 150mg of Bupropion (Wellbutrin). This combo has changed my life and I want to stay on them for as long as they remain to be effective. I am so happy now you guys and I just want to know, for those of you who have finally found your ideal medication/s. What has been the right med/med combo for you? Maybe we can help someone else find the right one."
176007311,"I had this weird vision of this black haired woman in a black glitter dress dancing with an orange dog wearing a white shirt with something on it. Also a blonde haired woman. Your stuff is really cool, dude."
174343559,"I mean it could be something else, but for me I think abilify thins my hair due to timing of when it started"
176007312,What types of delusions do you have if you dont mind.? Mine are directed at myself that I’m a terrible person capable of terrible things. I know it’s not true but it’s an argument non stop in my head
176007313,Thanks Wave. I’m supposed to get the Pfizer vaccine this morning. I’m waiting on it now.
176007314,I used to do the same thing but about porn
174343563,You have less negatives than without meds?
176007315,Great job!!! I like it
176007316,"And how it works for you?Pregabalin mostly?Also I don’t want to tell my pdoc about it because she may lower the dose,which is already low for me (4 mg’s)."
176007317,Welcome to the forum!
176007318,"Good that’s you are well. I am well too (I think). I had a biopsy, colposcopy and hystoscopy and get the results Friday is the plan.hopefully I don’t have cancer. I’m stable and pretty happy. Just watched a show called the drum and was taken by this absolutely gorgeous guy named _NAME_ I don’t know his last name but golly what a smile he has.wow!im charmed. I wear jewellery everyday and the amethyst is from Thailand. My mum gave it to me when I was around 19 and I got a certificate saying it’s a real amethyst. I didn’t get to wear it easily .it took years many years.maybe 13 years before I could wear it. Glad you are enjoying Thailand."
176007319,Haha you’re always promoting Khan Academy!! They should give you commissions!! Good for you though!
176007320,Unconditional love only applies to my parents and brother. My friends are in a different category.
174343560,I really hope this does the trick for you _NAME_. Well done for giving it a go !
176007321,"I take meds for depression since I was 15(I have schizo later in life) My body don’t go well with cheap meds, and of course parents won’t pay for any expensive meds the last one I get made me having hallucination for the first time, so I stop it for now I want to have job first, because when I report side-effect to psychiatrist they said “you never tried, you’re not doing good enough” even I the one who decide to meet psychiatrist, parents don’t care. and I keep bringing myself to hospital since 15-22(now) and yet I never “good enough” for anyone meds mostly hurt my body and made my mood worse So I can’t just go around saying thing, even I’m not suit for job I want to have job, and be independent, so I can prove to them I’m enough then If I can really live without meds, I won’t go hospital again people there(in hospital) saying thing that made feel so depress and suicidal not much real professional here in my country sorry If my reply sound negative, I don’t want anyone fe
el bad, and I’m fine now."
176007322,I’m reading The Kings Secret (Path of the ranger series book 2) by _NAME_. Well written fantasy/ sword and sorcery. I should be do e tonight and start the next.
176007323,_AT_MENTION_ No my AP Geodon/ziprasidone does not make me gain weight gain like my previous seroquel and ability. But I’m on a new antidepressant which has made me gain 20lbs in a month. I’m stopping it today and hope to lose the weight.
174343569,Schizophrenic inner narratives are pretty random. They are always tainted by delusions of grandeur though. Like why can’t you just be a regular schizophrenic who needs meds?
176007324,From google. It is not known whether aripiprazole can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman or can affect reproductive capacity. Aripiprazole should be used during pregnancy only if the potential benefit outweighs the potential risk to the fetus.
176007325,I chose treatment. At 36 yo they didn’t give me any choice. Was only stage 2b. I’m part of a FB group and so many stage 4 are 5-10 years out from treatment and still living.
176007326,really weird that you couldn’t get on here. Didn’t have any issues myself. But it’s strange that you could get on other sites.
176007327,"well its half done anyway, i’ll get back to it, i do dream about jobs like this but also worry at the same time, i know i’ll probably not get it but whats the harm, its giving me something to do,"
176007328,"I feel ya. My hands would shake at work from stress. I quit 15 different jobs after 1-2 weeks. I gave up on work. I tried many meds including antidepressants, nothing worked"
176007329,"As I have no say in which pdoc I see I don’t look for anything re choosing who I do or don’t see. I do hope for certain things i.e he/she is polite,reasonable, intelligent,not into character assassination,not dismissive."
174343562,Abilify is known to cause insomnia and anxiety in some ppl. Give it time a few weeks and see if it improves. I was on 20mg Abilify for 8 years and the only side effects I had were shopping and sex addictions.
176007330,Yeah. That’s too hard on anyone
174343567,"Rogueone; You were in this conflict prior to me. You and certain individuals that are still here, after all these years, know. Don’t kid me any more. Don’t kid yourself. We all know. You decided to argue against me. I understand I am existential threat to certain ideas and ideologies. Told the guys on top of the myan pyramid, I am not going to change my birth name and I am not going to change my internet protocol address so I can start “fresh”. All that has been changed, is my mind and heart about these issues. I don’t know if you remember far enough in the past, but I wrote in these forums about vitamins and supplements and how they could change so called negative symptoms into attributes? Do you remember these ass hats telling me to “prove it”. NOW they promoting it. Why because it sells advertisement space. Keeps the propaganda server serving? These same people have turned your continental island into a ash heap and you are asking me to help you understand what ALL of US have been 
arguing against since the icing was put atop the ??????? cake. I trust you more because you question and fight me, rather than any of the ???????? sophistry you pretend to place as obstacles between us. Prosecute me. Not our brothers and sisters. Stupid ??????? white people like me know to pull over to help a stranded motorist. If a woman asks me for change, I better have it. Some body on an off ramp Puts in Writing, “Will Work For Food” the Good American Thing is NOT just to put that good soul to work, but give him or her a place at the table In MY HOME. These are issues that we distracted and druged away from, my tender faithful brother _PERSON_. 1/2 a billion animals died in the last ditch of white people of the planet. What is our work or worth as human beings, if we ???? out beings to the underworld at these epic levels. The World, Mother, Calls Into Question, The Very Arrogant Idea Of Our Hujmanity, or Purpose In This Realm. We Seem Very Insectual."
176007331,Haha true true!
176007332,Sorry to hear that. Try a potent typical antipsychotic like fluphenazine. That’s what I’m on. My Dr refuses to prescribe me invega every 3 weeks. I hope you find something that works
174343576,"My voices only come back when I have experienced pretty much all the other listed positive symptoms, so I think I am lucky in the voices department. When they come, I am usually very ill. To be honest I struggle to remember the bad times. My memory of being psychotic is patchy at best. It has been a long time since I snapped out of a disorganised daze in a mental hospital"
176007333,"_NAME_ says that too, it’s no one’s business. but I like to quote _PERSON_ “My heart’s like an open book, for the whole world to read, sometimes nothing, keeps me together at the seams…”"
176007334,no one ever supports me. no one has ever went out of there way to say anything nice to me. I question why I have ever been nice to anyone
176007335,Could be the whole thing or humanity issues and functioning.
176007336,Welcome to the forum!
176007337,I tried the potato starch. Pretty sure it tasted terrible. Can’t remember now why not just eat a potato?
176007338,Is he signing a form that forces you into hospital for at least 72 hours?
176007339,Just off lithium and on zoloft so its that in between
176007340,Congratulations! May you have an eternity of wedded bliss! My sister’s wedding is in July.
174343566,Its not safe I think as its usually given for those who have heart issues for opening up clogged arteries.
176007341,"That’s incredible. Good job. You’ve been doing a lot better since you switched ads haven’t you? You’re taking Prozac now? You’ll feel more energetic without the sedation of the benzos, I’m sure. Sometimes I wish I had an Ativan but overall I think I do better without because it started to cause memory problems. And I was up tp 2mgs."
176007342,"After taking benzo,my mouth has a foul taste"
176007343,"Sounds like perfect conditions for IOP and therapy. Helping you come to terms with your delusions. I’d the same thing but with angels, religious lore, and hallucination. I’d be in psychosis obsessing over every little detail and possible connections within my own hallucinations and these stories. For a reason for why the dead picked on me. And what I believe will happen when I die. Iop and therapy taught me how to better handle living in the moment and focusing on the now. You can’t change what happens, either way. Try to just enjoy the now and live to your best affect. Komaeda. You have wonderful things in your life, and you have some things that could get better. It’s ok to live. I know you’re scared, I was too, without my crutch. I believe your self awareness is different than a lot of people in your real life, and you can’t always be open, or at least as you’d like. Keep going with your recovery. Please don’t fall back into feeding old delusions. Good job noticing you were feedi
ng them after the fact."
176007344,I used to listen to audiobooks.
176007345,If I were you I’d see if I could get a peer too. It’s someone you can talk to one on one like a friend who isn’t part of your family. I find it quite helpful.
176007346,Watching tv in the sitting room basking in the ambience of not hearing voices and being bored not even close to hearing voices. Everything is
174343572,Be cool peeps. No need for conflict. It’s not that old but people often move on quickly here.
176007347,yea i had same with my sister… she was afraid of me and was afraid to let her kids stay around me… but now that i’m on meds she sees i’m different and she is ok with it again and also is not afraid of me anymore…
176007348,I’m gonna start sertraline in the next few weeks hopefully that doesn’t land me in any kind of trouble. I guess i can try be alert for symptoms so I can take quicker action.
176007349,"It’s a delusion, but I understand delusions are really hard to shake"
176007350,That’s a nihilistic delusion. It can make you have risky or dangerous behaviour
176007351,"well mom and dad will be long gone when my time comes. and if i move across the country i won’t know anybody. i got this feeling i will die alone in my home and no one will discover the body for some time later. who will come to check on me? it’s my only reason for being social, that i would at least have a neighbor with a key to my place to come check on me when im older. wouldn’t that be my fate to die and get a funeral some months later, as i was completely unknown to the outside world. that would be the advantage of living in a long term care facility when i get older, at least someone will be with me, and will be able to contact my brother and sisters to arrange a funeral."
176007352,"Right now I am studying UX design, basically the research and design that goes into digital products. It pays really well and there are a lot of options for remote work which I think would be a lot easier on me."
176007353,"It has come to my attention recently that a lot of people don’t know about this side effect of antipsychotics. I personally forgot a few days ago, and worked out for 2 hours outdoors. Afterwards, I was nauseous and sick the rest of the night, even after a cool shower. So I wanted to remind everyone that your bodies cannot regulate temperatures as well as others. Stay in the shade, stay hydrated, and if you start to feel too hot, get somewhere with AC or take a cool shower. dbh.dc.gov heatadvice.pdf 32.57 KB"
176007354,"I know I was the one who said don’t be afraid to just make marks splodges on the paper, with painting but I’m fearing this a lot. It’s pretty annoying lol. I just need to chill out a bit. But it is proving to be difficult."
176007355,Go to bed? Do they get worse at night? My symptoms always gets worse at night. So I try to just go to bed and hope to sleep through the worst of it.
176007356,"first and foremost, my health, my sanity my beliefs, understanding, coping techniques of things my hopes my imagination my family and friends basic necessities like a job and safe shelter"
176007357,I feel hopeless again and overwhelmed
176007358,"What country are you in? I was once asked by the police if I was on any meds, and I said “Yes, warfarin and an anti-depressant”. I didn’t want to tell them about my other meds. Lie by omission?"
176007359,"I think I’ll start putting things on the classified ad online, a few at a time. Someone will have to show me how to work a cell phone to take the pictures though. That’s gotta be pretty easy though, right?"
176007360,I wonder if I would be healthier without meds?
176007361,That’s great to hear. So are you taking lithium and Zoloft only or is there more to the combo?
176007362,I like it. Family and friends and at the cricket club. I’m a social animal whether I’m symptomatic or not. I just have always enjoyed a chat and continue to do so.
176007363,I’m not gonna lie yes there are terrible side effects but the extent of how bad voices can get is even worse so it’s better to take them and take them consistently
176007364,I don’t go into specifics about my diagnosis with people unless it’s required (like with a medical professional). I usually just say I have mental illness if I must.
176007365,"My pdoc isnt really a pdoc, shes an internal medicine specialist. However she has experience with people with depression and anxiety, not so much psychosis. BUT she seems like she actually cares about me and wants me to do well, so Im glad I have her on my side. shes the only American doctor in Sweden too so I lucked out since Im American and she accepts my insurance"
176007366,"_AT_MENTION_ Oh wow, I wish I was that close to my goal weight! I am becoming used to having only 1200-1400 calories a day. I don’t want to eat more than that. I think I am just going to keep eating that way and have my long-term goal weight be wherever my body naturally settles. I was thinking 180, but we’ll see where I end up. Originally I planned to purposely take a break from losing once I got to 220, but right now I’m at 244 and I feel like I don’t need to do that. We’ll see how I feel once I get to 220. I think I am being led to just keep the eating the way I do and letting my body work out what it wants. I am finding I am intuitively eating these days and I am right in my ranges when I track what I eat. It’s easy now."
176007367,"If death is just unconsciousness forever then yeah I’m really scared of it. I want to be conscious forever. I like to hear NDEs about floating and meeting relatives, makes me feel more content that there might be something after. If there was something after and I knew about it with 100% proof, I wouldn’t be scared of death. But as it is now I am scared. I’m sure it will get worse when I get older and can no longer put off thinking about it."
176007368,"At different times in my life i’ve had to set some boundaries or put someone out of my life. And people have done the same to me. Either way it hurts, but is necessary. Even girls- the hardest ones to let go. There is a place missing, but there is healing after time in everything. So much clouds your judgement when you want to do this. I think we know though down deep what is best and we have to take responsibility for it. If we don’t then we get taken advantage of."
176007369,"Not really… I’m depressed, so I eat based on whatever tastes good and makes me feel better. I’m not overweight but I probably have high cholesterol. Broccoli might be healthy but it’s not as tasty as a hamburger."
176007370,"Thank you, and your definitely right. Just got to work on myself in the meantime"
176007371,aww _AT_MENTION_ you made me cry…I always cry when I’m happy and I am very happy to hear about your hope in life…
176007372,My sleep could be better thanks will ask my doctor.
176007373,We are falling through the cracks.
176007374,How is it ok for me to broadcasted all over tv and the radio? How is it ok for the whole country to watch me on their phones. My babies are keeping me from being suicidal. Life is so tough.
176007375,I wish I knew. If you find a way let me know.
176007376,"I’m 29. I used to like entertainment like TV shows, movies, music and celebrity news. I used to play games and video games and read books. I was never a big sports fan. I take 234 mg of Invega Sustenna monthly. I think it’s way too much but that’s what my psychiatrist wants me to take so I take it."
174343575,It’s start to effect from early adult so better talk with em. At what age you got 100% fine?
176007377,Changing the term won’t change public opinion. But education as to what schizophrenia is could go a long way
176007378,Maybe learn to read a room and audience.
176007379,I don’t know what to get.
176007380,"I havent come to terms with it, it still flares up a bit now and then. I clearly recognize which thoughts OTHERS find delusional and i dont share those or act on them. I also know i cant always trust my own thoughts and feelings, they may indeed be delusional. I dont think anybody really knows what is reality though."
176007381,"Hard to tell, but it doesn’t sound like paranoia. Distrust of people is very common for people like me suffering from schizotypical PD. There is of course a blurred line between distrust of others and straight forward paranoia."
176007382,Great to hear !
176007383,Oh crap ! I’m sorry ! Here’s a video for you
176007384,20190911_151148.jpg 1932×2576 1.42 MB
176007385,I didn’t even know drinking that much tea was an option. I might try it!
176007386,"I do, I have two beautiful pets. But that’s not about life."
176007387,image1280×1008 296 KB
176007388,You should also see an endocrinologist and test for low testosterone. Risperdal lowers testosterone.
176007389,I think at that stage you may as well be in a prison cell
174343573,"Thats for those who are treatment resistant. Idk about your case, I guess its treatment resistant sz as you can’t take clozapine and other meds arent working."
176007390,What age are you?
176007391,"I actually know someone deemed disabled… she has sz, and no aps worked. She was evaluated, and she was approved to take no meds and live on her own. I used to always admire her. I should have told her. I don’t know her contact info anymore."
176007392,Went and got a haircut. Now I have a few hours to kill before I order some Chinese food.
176007393,"Well, it’s typical social _USER_ID_ in my country. If I reveal my story, my family will be in jeopardy. Discussing death/accepting mortality have to do with my condition. I know that I can live a fulfilling life. But one day, if my disease takes me earlier that I expect to go, then I just have to accept it. If I don’t accept it, I’m going to have consequences of shock and burden in the future. I’m sorry that you don’t like the poem as much. But you have to understand that this poem was so hard to write for me."
176007394,Right. Should I delete this thread?
174343580,That may be because Amisulpride is good also for negative symptoms.
176007395,I’m outta the loop so what did want your meds changed to. My doc recently upped my meds.
176007396,It’s not racist. You are saying that everyone should be like you and that isn’t cool here. If others suffer more or less than you they shouldn’t be included? Yes. We have a racist culture and I don’t deny that…what I’m saying to you is that don’t use your experience here where everyone is cool and very inclusive.
176007397,This happened 10 years ago.
176007398,haha funny stories.
176007399,"I made the same switch _AT_MENTION_ , but Prolixin didn’t help at all. Now I’m on Zyprexa."
176007400,"Sz and conversion disorder yeap… Plus 20 years of inactivity. That’s why I worry of dying now… now that i want to fight for recovery… You think it’s mostly a delusion of dying now? Can you imagine my health after 20 years of inactivity?? Maybe it’s real bad, no? And the best is that I am still out of my mind, which doesn’t help to go forward Anyway, thank you to you too , dear… I’ll see how are those next days I guess…"
176007401,"Yes, I had the same."
176007402,"There is also Sheikh _PERSON_ lol It has more meat that’s why its called Sheikh, like the boss of the Mahshi lol"
176007403,Sarcosine can work.
176007404,"Im emotionally numb, i mainly feel anxiety and fear…"
176007405,"Are you having EPS of any kind? I think you should consider going to the hospital man, or at least contact your pdoc"
176007406,"I don’t mean to be rude, but what are you supposed to say? For many people here, English is not their first language. “Retarded” is the word they’ve most likely heard of. ‘Disabled’ is also a common word, but beyond that, I don’t tihnk many of us know any other words. Could you tell me some words it’s ok to use?"
176007407,"If you have no evidence then yeah it is, I’ve had that one before and no one really was"
174343583,"What I am thinking is that if I was taking drugs and then knew that I can’t take them bcz of mental illness, sz helped somewhat. I am sure I would still be smoking weed now if I never had sz."
176007408,Sorry I forgot to post its this Easy way to draw a realistic eye for Beginners step by step
176007409,"I know the uk is a good country for this, but in my country they will ???? you the moment you start to talk"
176007410,"Not all of the time and with all of the people, but I was distressingly effective as a liar back when I drank. Lying is its own form of addiction. Have to watch out for it in sobriety as it can kill me as surely as booze can."
176007411,"I don’t smoke cbd, but I do drink cbd waters, and use cbd gummies, it’s been a life saver for me with chronic pain and anxiety, I’m off opioids and benzos, it’s not for everyone but I’m thankful for it"
176007412,My mom has brought this up. I worry about cost though
176007413,can we be proud of our difference? and use it as a type of strength
176007414,"I’ve tried counseling but my beliefs are so rigid that it has stuck with me all this time. I don’t believe in self-love but I want others to love themselves. It just doesn’t apply to me because I don’t deserve love. I was never allowed to have love since I was little. When I became independent in Canada, I was able to do what I desired. It was so different from the abuse I experienced. But I lost all that and now I don’t have friends. Now I don’t have people to trust. Everyone around me has hurt me before and people have potential to hurt me, just like how I used to get bullied and abused at school. No one is safe and anyone can do anything. I don’t trust anyone nor will I ever be able to. People are dangerous."
176007415,Faintly. They are still faint but getting louder.
176007416,I Am Unsure ? Electricity (Harmless) ? Fire (Harmless) ? Destruction (Harmless) ? Pain (Harmless) ? Love (Harmless) Where Does That Leave Visible Life
176007417,I was bitter at my ex husband. He moved himself into my house and wouldn’t leave. I didn’t want to marry him but I didn’t want my daughter growing up seeing two unmarried people living together. I was so worried about her that to make it right I married him. I think I was mean to him by telling him I never loved him but I still cooked for him. Took him dinner at work. Still had sex with him. Drove my sister in laws to work (they didn’t have cars).
176007418,"The Fear Owns Energy…, Giving Out Fantasies…, Beneath Our Invisible Temples, A Beginning."
176007419,Change a doctor and try other meds!
176007420,60mg Geodon in the Morning just up from 40mg 60mg Geodon in the Evening 15mg Remeron
176007421,What’s Oasis? Ffggf
176007422,Does loratadine causes less drowsiness? How different it is? Does it also help for hand shaking?
176007423,"A month to live no, or a day I hope not, tomorrow some coffee, I pray for justice or karma."
176007424,My pdoc says the tachycardia sometimes happens on seroquel and some of his patients stopped taking it. But he told me it’s not dangerous just very unpleasant. It works so well as an AP for me that I roll the dice. Sometimes it only happens once a month.
176007425,_PERSON_ sometimes i play CSGO. But not often anymore. What low dose meds u take?
176007426,"yeah, it was facebook dating, she must have just liked my profile i guess"
176007427,"You can only do what you can do to make the positive changes you want to see in society, but its like sitting with a bucket by the ocean trying to remove all the water, its just too big for one person to make a significant change."
176007428,"They gave it to me for sleep and anti anxiety because of how low it drops my blood pressure. I was on lisiopril as nd carvedilol lowest doses and they dropped it too low after I was at 190/140 for a few months, that was panic issues, sz issues, and absolutely under taken care of pain issues. 3 day sc of lisinopril and carvedilol I had to stop and my regular doc never checked on it. The pain doc said I had to stop it period. They don’t like the way my regular doc just kinda threw them at me and so I did go find a new one I see in Oct. But the clonidine doesn’t bottom me out like death like the other two did. But gonna wait it out for the other brand to see if getting the fentanyl back into my system helps with some of the anxiety and stress and sleep."
174343585,"ncbi.nlm.nih.gov schizophrenia - ClinVar - NCBI There are at least 600 entries on the ClinVar about which genes are deemed to cause schizophrenia. Some variants are deletions. There are, however, some variants considered variants of unknown significance (VUS) meaning that researchers aren’t sure if it actually causes schizophrenia. But this is what scientists have found so far. If you have one of these mutations, you may be able to conclude that your variant is the cause of your sz. I’m not a doctor, so if you get your genes scanned go see a geneticist!"
176007429,I’d say I’m stable on my meds now so don’t have a lot of symptoms recently but thought insertion I get sometimes and anxiety And my motivation levels still a bit low but I’m more peaceful inside (despite the anxiety sometimes)
176007430,"The man upstairs doesn’t deal in coincidence. There is a reason for everything that happens. No coincidences, no accidents, no luck, no normal."
176007431,"Is it the case that the more often u come off ur antipsychotic,the harder it TENDS to become to treat every time u relapse??? from peoples experience journals etc"
176007432,"Yeah I’ve played all GTA games (except 1 or 2), they are fun games."
176007433,I don’t feel any difference but i will try it daily and wait and see.
176007434,"I will post a positive thread and then, as if I complete forget the feeling, I swing to a very negative idea in a matter of minutes. That makes me emotionally chaotic and no one you would want to need."
176007435,Good for you. I still play competitive cricket at 50. It keeps me fit and in the game so to speak. Regular exercise is great and it’ll improve your ball for sure.
174343586,"Also I gave up on life and I tell myself that anyways everyone on this planet is going to die and go to heaven one day, why think about life? No reason. At least I didn’t fully develop catatonia. I had slight catatonia at the beginning of my SZ."
176007436,Best present to date is my running shorts they are so cool. And my exercise bike that I gt for my bday cos its so practical. Hate the gym
176007437,Wow you go to bed way earlier than me.
176007438,"If it was me, three nights could be a bit overwhelming but idk how much u can handle in terms of being out n about. U knw best"
176007439,lol. That made me laugh that you would include that as an activity.
176007440,I don’t feel much different from when I was a teenager. I don’t think you need to grow up that much. As long as you can manage your life.
176007441,"ha, good one. There’s money in my family, no reason I should be poor, but I guess I’m too proud to ask."
176007442,_AT_MENTION_ yes it is 50mg/ml injectable solution. But I dont know if it is a moderate or a high dose. And what its equivalent in pills is
176007443,Thanks for the vote of confidence. I kinda suspected that anyways.
176007444,And hundreds of volunteer jobs training studying travelling That’s all good on a cv
176007445,"_PERSON_, was reading about how the firefighters had to extricate him using the jaws of life, and he’s in surgery right now. Seems karma caught up to him after all his cheating ways. After that came out, his career and health have spiraled."
176007446,"Example Cup of tea for me In my tummy, tummy tea Tea in my tummy tea Tea in my tummy Lol"
176007447,They said as long as the VA pays at least 25% I get a scholarship for the rest.
176007448,I was raised very religious but no longer are. However 90% of my paranoia and delusions are rooted in those religious teachings. The most severe episode I ever had God and Satan were taking turns messing with me to try and make me pick sides…the visual hallucinations were so terrifying I’m surprised my mind let me come back.
176007449,I really like CBD oil but I dont get disability money so it’s a bit out of my price range
176007450,The IRS won’t pay to recover it. All my logins and passwords were saved on there too. All the programs I downloaded and had shortcuts to to do my job. Will have to refigure all that out. I am guessing it will take about two weeks for them to get it back to me. It’s been three days.
176007451,"I guess, I need to bring always my meds with a bottle of water."
176007452,It definitely helps
176007453,They’re usually prescribed to be taken 3 times a day. I’ve taken a good few of them before and you can get woozy off them but not high. I’d be more worried about the oxy’s
176007454,No one ever treated me badly because of my illness. Familys pretty understanding. But i also dont go telling everyone i meet.
174343591,"Doh schizophrenia moment after cleaning the toilet forgot to remove covering off double sided tape, therefore it was not stuck down it fell in toilet. But i let it dry. I’ll stick it back later also finally our tiles are so done in one corner, that i will ring today it was like it when i moved back in my parents but now it needs fixing straight away it was only matter of time On a positive note i ran all night my checker simulation its working As far as PC i confirmed is was the disc cleaning. So i am keeping all system cleaning deselected to be safe, some of it such as thumbnail cleaning etc causes thet issue."
176007455,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176007456,The main benefit of enduring the voices on less meds was that I could physically hold up better due to less weight gain. When I needed to use my brains however the full dose of meds was required as my body expanded rapidly. Now my mind is likely declining as it is a growing struggle to read now.
176007457,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176007458,Maybe if you try few pages and gradually increase them?
174343590,"Keep trying, I gave up after quitting lots of jobs after a few weeks. At least now I know that I can’t work. I don’t have any anxiety or depression, just severe negative symptoms, mainly no motivation and anhedonia."
176007459,"This is great! Lots of participation! If any of you want a Santa Hat from here on in, I think _AT_MENTION_ or _AT_MENTION_ will be able to ‘top you up’ so to speak!"
176007460,Haha alcohol is worst drug ever I guess best they could do 2000 years ago.
176007461,6 years ago! My hair is super long now
176007462,Thanks for the laugh.
176007463,"Multiple sclerosis, for example, is an autoimmune disease which may cause brain damage. MS can cause psychosis."
176007464,"Right, _PERSON_ calling me an instigator who’s gonna go impotent, Then proceeding to tell me not to fck with you, Is what a normal person would say."
176007465,"I’m not sure, but I think fear can be addictive. The _USER_ID_ centre in the brain modulates between fear and pleasure as a means of deciding what activities to commit to. I don’t know if that is a helpful thing to say, but I have often wondered if I haven’t built up a sort of addiction to relapsing, because of disfunction of the _USER_ID_, being fearful of things that aren’t there in order to modulate between pleasure. It’s not a theory I’ve read anywhere, but you can look up the _USER_ID_ and see whether I’ve described it accurately."
176007466,"I no, I understand. I’ve been on opioids since June. It’s been rough. I’m aware of the risk. The doctors are trying so many treatments so that I can stop taking them. I don’t want this life, either. I’ve never even smoked or drank in my entire life. I don’t want that road."
176007467,Aw thank you! Cats are so cute too!
176007468,"I did 10 minutes of research and went with endoca. I know for a fact that I had cannabis-induced psychosis. even after initial psychosis, I kept trying to get high. it was absolutely horrible, I’m fortunate I came out unscathed. I’ll repeat it, if you were to try a cbd regiment, make sure the thc levels are in trace amounts. not 2:1, 5:1, at least 20-25:1. In my experience, this was the only tolerable option."
176007469,One year 151515
176007470,Many find a hobby that doesn’t trigger you.
176007471,My brother told me that he may hire someone in the future to help with my father. I honestly feel he needs help now.
176007472,The Independent – 11 Mar 20 Coronavirus will bankrupt more people than it kills — and that's the real... We may look back on coronavirus as the moment when the threads that hold the global economy together came unstuck
176007473,"You ARE mixed up. I am a rational person and I want these things not to be true. I’m simply trying to find an argument they can’t be true that’s not the same as finding reasons they are true.I post the same thing over and over because there are multiple things that have happened me and they SOUND too unbelievable.who are you to dictate what I post? You haven’t been through what I have, sz is different for everyone it just so happens mine included a lot of coincidences. I mean who do you think you are"
176007474,Because I’m taking my meds as prescribed and I don’t feel sick
176007475,"poster,840x830,f8f8f8-pad,750x1000,f8f8f8.u1.jpg 750×1000 51.1 KB"
176007476,My pdoc put me on 120 mg Cymbalta and it really works well for anxiety and depression.
176007477,"I looked at the side effects of gabapentin previously and they put me off, so I don’t blame you for being put off by the higher dose. I’m basically on the hunt for a supplement that might increase gaba in some way. Beta Alanine acts in the same way as gabapentin but I had to stop it as it was causing me physical problems. Which is a shame as it worked really well."
176007478,"I talk with void, emptiness. I don’t hear voices when I talk. I hear nothing. I don’t need to hear. I just vent"
176007479,"I haven’t had sex in a long time.I always been with women,but I’ve noticed that a lot of man are interested in casual talking with me even if they don’t know me.I questioned my self today a lot about my orientation.Now it’s started to bother me.I’m nearly 45 and still don’t know,after a long time with hanging with gay people,which I didn’t find sexually attractive.I’ve come to point that several girls I met in life told me that I look gay.I’m really confused.Done different tests about orientation,and non were helpful."
176007480,I have sz and PTSD and definitely do not become manic. What do you feel like when it happens?
176007481,I’m worried about this too. At least 98% of NDEs are positive. That’s reassuring.
176007482,Do you think brain tissue can grow back?
176007483,"I’m 26 and I feel like I still have the mind of a 18 year old when I was first diagnosed. or maybe even the mind of a 16 year old. I feel like once I started this AP, I stopped experiencing life to it’s full extent. I have progressed over these past 8 years in terms of material possessions, but as far as meaningful relationships I haven’t made progress since I started high school. I feel like I could be the richest man in the world in terms of material possessions and I would still feel poor emotionally and relationship wise. Nothing can give me back the years of my life I didn’t get to experience at least to some degree. I can say in 8 years I’ve managed to get disability, food stamps, federal housing, medicaid/medicare, yet I still feel like a broke loser."
176007484,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176007485,"I’ve seen therapist/psychiatrist drugs don’t help making other people be quiet unfortunately. I also tend to be anemic which makes me weak, fatigued, hearing gets affected & if weak enough even vertigo. There’s lots of side effects to my anemia basically anywhere blood travels to can be affected. I’m not bad enough to need blood transfusions weekly or daily, once or twice a year but do get iron infusions. I get tired from all the B’s around me my brain can get enough sleep it seems. Not to mention the health issues physical ones not mental."
176007486,My “medication” is binge-drinking tea ATM.
176007487,"What good does it do you? Why do you want to know? For what end? Does it matter? If someone put me in a matrix, I’d assume it was for power, control, subservience, and dominance. Probably evil in intent."
176007488,It has piled on the weight. Plus here it is a drug of abuse and I don’t like the looks pharmacists give you when you pick it up
176007489,I like getting an injection instead of pills. The side effects are less and it’s easy. You don’t have to remember taking your pills.
176007490,The devil expects nothing less than servile acquiescence in exchange for this watery bounty. In truth I don’t know who or what wrote this.
176007491,"Yeah we have reported the problem. Just waiting on the next update to fix it. In the meantime, just hit reply again until the message goes through."
176007492,_AT_MENTION_… I use trade coffee… I have only had the subscription for a few months but i am very happy with it!
176007493,its not a real diagnosis
176007494,"My mind is a barrage of disturbing thoughts and noises from the second I wake up to the second I go to bed, then I have night mares"
176007495,"oh sorry, i thought that uni was in another country to where you actually are. nvm. that is still good. I hope you are proud of it"
174343600,I’m really sorry to hear that.
176007496,"As a result, I have no capacity for the necessary social give and take required to get along in the everyday world."
176007497,"So do many other things too. It’s a risk for sure, but you will die of something. You need to enjoy the pleasures of life whilst you can"
176007498,"My _PERSON_ barks at other dogs, even though she’s been here for 8 years now and was well socialized (used to be a show dog). To distract her while on walks, we carry treats. When we notice another dog, we put a treat at her nose, tell her “leave it”, then give her the treat. We do this the entire time we pass the other dog. It works well. You can then slowly increase the amount of time between giving the treats as the dog learns to pay attention to you and not the other dog. It needs to be a particularly good treat, though, like little bits of hot dog or cheese. Also, regarding the upset stomach, it’s not at all uncommon for a dog to get an upset stomach on a new food or in a new environment. It doesn’t necessarily mean _PERSON_ has a sensitive stomach. Could be normal dog stuff."
176007499,Thanks!! _AT_MENTION_ _AT_MENTION_ Yeah my recorder is sketchy. Not the best things to record things with.
176007500,_PERSON_ says there should be vaccines for all adults by end of May.
176007501,"Maybe it’s a lie, that they re going to kill me, but it affects my mood"
174343598,"Clozapine is usually the last thing used because of risk of low white blood cell count. But it does work better than most other antipsychotic medication. If you absolutely can’t find relief from symptoms with any other medicine, then I would say yes."
176007502,"Yeah houses in London are overpriced for what is offered. My mum and dad paid £45,000 for this home many years ago from the council and it’s now about £560,000"
174343602,Does it help with disorganized thoughts?
174343601,"The problem is this is not the truth. The truth is somewhere between. If a person is schizophrenic, then a psychosis will for sure cause a loss of intelligence. But in this case, we are talking about people without schizophrenia being put on long-acting injectable antipsychotics, which causes them to experience something like dementia syndrome, due to the parkinson syndrome caused by the imbalance in the extrapyramidal system, caused mostly by the lack of dopamine."
176007503,"It’s a very controversial technique but some swear by it. I don’t think it should be done, but I also wouldn’t expect him to know not to use it unless he has extensive experience with dogs. Not sure why you chose that title? Do you think he’s gaslighting you?"
176007504,"really wow, geodon is medication that doesnt cause weight gain. im suprise your not losing weight. whats your eating habits like, you have to excerise and eat healthy."
176007505,"You said you quit smoking already, what’s their damned problem now. Voices are pointless."
176007506,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
176007507,_USER_ID_ has NAMIwalks where people walk to raise funds for them.
176007508,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
176007509,"Same here. I ended up arrested and in a holding cell once, but I was never hospitalized or adjudicated insane."
176007510,"I’ve been flagged once, but not suspended."
176007511,"The only reason I take the damn meds is I’ve tried to go off it with disastrous results. Once it was under a doctor’s guidance in a hospital. I would not suggest people take it, unless it’s necessary due to side effects."
176007512,Do you get voices attacking you or telling you negative things?
176007513,.(!!!)…<.><.><.>…INVEGA…<.><.><.>…(!!!). It’s Clear . Not Habit Forming . And Healthy .(!!!)…<.><.><.>…INVEGA…<.><.><.>…(!!!).
176007514,i got lucky a lot too… my mum always says i have like someone watching over my shoulder from up there and keeping me safe.
176007515,I have conversations with other people in my head constantly. It’s compulsive. I’m pretty used to it. Sometimes it gets so loud I’m afraid other people can hear it (thought broadcasting) I find the more troubles I have the more I do it. The conversations repeat and go in loops when I’m manic. I don’t know if it’s normal or not. I’ve asked other people about it and they say they talk to themselves in their head.
176007516,"We spoke about an hour yesterday, I’ve tried to reach him today. Hopefully he’s resting because he really needs it. Thanks for your suggestion"
176007517,"You care because your survival for a long time has depended on people being on your side, and with _USER_ID_, you probably feel like most people aren’t. You’re a very empathetic person, but that empathy also makes you hyper sensitive to others."
